Thread Title: Mercedes - Harrisdale - 0458 797 619
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: 
 Mercedes - Harrisdale - 0458 797 619
				
Post Content: 
Service Provider's Name: Mercedes 
Session Month: December 

Session Year: 2014 

Type of Service: Private Escort 

Establishment Address (if any): Harrisdale 

Phone Number (Please add area code): 0458797619 

Link to Website or Online Ad (if any): http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_33482...TE-NIGHTS.html 

Photos Authenticity: 100% Real 

Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $350 

Location where session took place: Western Australia 

Incall or Outcall (Leave blank in Victoria): Incall to Escort's place 

Session Day: Weekday 

Session Time: Evening 

Estimated Age: 31 - 35 

Estimated Ethnic Group: Caucasian / European Origin 

Knowledge of English: Very Good 

Hair Colour: Blond 

Hair Length: Medium 

Eyes Colour: Blue 

Skin Colour: Pale 

Height: Short - Under 160 cm / 5'3" 

Body Shape: Curvy 

Estimated Body Size: 10 to 12 

Estimated Breast Size: C to D (Medium to Big) 

Enhanced breasts?: No 

Pubic Hair: All Waxed / Shaved 

Any Tattoos?: None 

Any Piercings?: None 

Full Sex Available: Yes 

Kind of Experience: Girlfriend Experience 

Kissing Available: Yes, DFK (Deep French Kissing) 

Blowjob: Yes, BBBJ (Natural Oral) 

DATY / Oral On Her: Yes 

Greek or Anal Sex Available: No 

Handjob Available: Yes 

Massage Available: Yes 

Extras Charged: No 

Overall Looks: Attractive 

Overall Personality: Outgoing 

Overall Performance: Great service 

Hi Guys

I had a booking with Mercedes a little while ago.
She works from a shared house in Harrisdale.
The only drawback is that is a long drive out to where she is from my place.
Photos are true, she is a curvy short girl with attractive looks without being a stunner who delivers.
A lot of girls advertise kissing but only provide light kissing. With Mercedes it was full on DFK which I really enjoyed.
After quite a bit of that she gave me a bbbj followed by some great Spanish.
Mercedes boobs are large but saggy but I have a bit of a fetish for saggy boobs and she like them being handles and squeezed lots.
Mercedes has a good fit figure and nice legs and arse and nice soft light olive skin.

Mercedes genuinely enjoys sex and after going around once which included lots of dfk, fingering and mutual oral we started off again for a second round.

Mercedes only drawback is that she is a smoker but she is a fun girl and easy to talk too.

cheers

DD


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th January 2015, 06:42 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by diamond dog


Service Provider's Name: Mercedes 
Session Month: December 

Session Year: 2014 
.

"""



Thank you for your post Diamond Dog.

Please make sure your future posts are on the AuXXX template.


