Thread Title: Mia - Perth - 0423 655 131
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2014, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: Sumguy85
Post Title: 
 Mia - Perth - 0423 655 131
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 17/02/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423655131

Hours of Business : call

Rates : $120, half hr nat blow, $160 half hour sex, $300 ph

Age : mid - late 30's

Size/shape : size 6 slim. B/C cup, olive complexion

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian/Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, sex, massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you like enthusiastic MILF, no if you want hot bod.

My experience/comments : 

* Just a quick note to say I am getting back into it after quite a few years away, so my observations should be taken it that context *

Contacted Mia through Locanto, she replied with a price list and pics.

As it turns out, Mia rents short term places to do her business. She told me she had only been operating as a WL for a few months. Consequently I was directed to a chalet in a caravan park. The place was clean, tidy and comfortable, but lacked atmosphere. When I visited she was in Kingsley, but at the moment she seems to be in Rivervale.

Mia greeted me in a dress, which looked great on her. Very short hair with tight curls, (natural).
We made friendly small talk and she asked me to have a quick shower.

I had the half hour oral booked. Mia took off her dress, but unfortunately her boob job was overdue for a renovation! They were even but had that overhang that sometimes happens after a time. Being a mother she had some wrinkled loose skin around her belly. Otherwise she seemed quite fit and felt like she exercised regularly. Her pics are real, but she is always wearing some kind of top and stretching her arms that hides these blemishes.

She laid me on the bed and told me to relax. She attacked my privates with gusto, making slurping and grunting noises, using copious amounts of baby oil, and rubbing her lips up and down the shaft and balls. I noticed that my cock spent as much time out of her mouth as in, and she never really "deep throated", (I should add I never asked her to). Didn't really matter though as it was all good.

I blew on her tits, (not sure if she does CIM or facial) and she encouraged me to stay on the bed and relax while she had a quick clean up and returned to lie on the bed with me.

Mia struck me as a very genuine person who was interested in giving value for money and a genuine service, (despite 3 no-shows that night!).

I might consider returning for a sex session as I liked her attitude and enthusiasm.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2014, 06:28 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Sumguy85


Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : private
.

"""



Thank you for your review Sumguy85.

Please would you post Mia's Locanto ad ?

Thank you.


