Thread Title: Miss Asia - Tuart Hill - 0468 486 271
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th January 2013, 02:08 PM
Poster ID: hanging469
Post Title: 
 Miss Asia - Tuart Hill - 0468 486 271
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miss Asia

Establishment : Private, Tuart Hill

Date of Visit : October 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0468 486 271

Hours of Business : flexible

Rates : $110 for 30 minutes

Age : 25

Size/shape : Petite (hot)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Philippino

Services Provided : The Lot

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments :
Before I write this review, let me just say that I was in Perth in December and the mobile number I had for this lady wasn't working. if anyone knows how to get hold of her, please PM me ASAP as I'm heading over there in February and would love to fuck her again.

Okay, stay with me here...I saw this girl twice...in one day! I had a break in business proceedings and clicked through cracker looking for something quick and convenient. Now if you punt in Perth, you know it's not an easy thing to organise at the last minute. You basically have to send an SMS to 10 girls and hope you get a reply. Got 2 replies and Miss Asia (MA) was the closest to where I was working. Showed up at this crappy looking block of flats and went up the the room. Was expecting MA to look nothing like her pictures and was surprised to find it was the same girl! More surprising was her willingness to get on with it. She said she'd taken some Asian aphrodisiac tea and was super horny. Started sucking before my pants hit the floor. Stopped her and jumped in the shower (10 seconds) and ran back into the bedroom. She was using a friend's flat and her friend was walking around. I did ask if her friend wanted to join in and was told she's not a WL (damn).

Okay, service was fantastic. Enthusiastic suck and fuck session, fingering, DNY even offered anal (after I came in her mouth). Was super happy with the punt and asked her what time she was working until and booked her again for later that night. Second time around was even better as I knew what she was like and paced myself so I could have it all. Great root. Good kisser too! 

Not sure where she's gone, but would love to plough her again. Remember to PM me if you know how to get hold of her. 

Thanks and happy punting.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st January 2013, 01:29 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Miss Asia - Tuart Hill - 0468 486 271
				
Post Content: 
Damn sounds like an awesome punt! Hope she turns up again soon !


