Thread Title: Mosoko - Perth (CBD) - 0414 862 964
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2010, 07:21 PM
Poster ID: Brookland
Post Title: 
 Mosoko - Perth (CBD) - 0414 862 964
				
Post Content: 
My first post so this should be interesting.Was in Perth before Christmas,staying at my usual hotel,previous couple of visits i'd got in-call service from different agencies and been disapointed with them.So got out the trusty West Australian personals section(I still don't know how they get away with displaying the content they do in a  daily paper)After two hours of calling numerous ads,I made a booking to see Mosoko(Japenese) who is located close to the CBD.Knocked on door to unit and was greeted by Mosoko ( ad. said 20yr old) who looked to be around 30+,oh well to late now,little Brookland wanted some action.Other than the age bit she was pretty tidy,C cups which were still pretty perky and a nicely trimmed bush.Paid for the hour-$250 which included daty,cbj,fs some toy play and she through the g/shower in as well.Had a quick shower with her washing the tackle,started off with cbj,good action but condoms I hate with a vengance,so got her turned around into 69 pos and went for it,she got very wet and didn't taste to bad either.She then jumped on for some c/girl which did start to get a bit robotic.So time is running out said we better get on with the g/shower,she lays some towells on the bed,I was most impressed with that as they usually throw you in a freezing cold bath tub.The next bit was a bit of a bonus as she couldn't get anything flowing disappeared into another room and came back with her sister ,so she said hehe, who preceded to give me a very controlled soaking while Mosoko finished me off with her hands.Probably would go back again if it was one of those nights, were you can't decide on what you want.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th February 2010, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
great first post BL.. any contact details and location of Miss Mosoko by any chance?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st December 2010, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: wizardmac
Post Title: 
 Mosoko - 0404 620 548
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mosoko

Establishment (if applicable): Private

Contact Details/Address: 0404 620 548 CBD Perth Mount St

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Noon till early morning

Prices: 120 1/2 hr 170 Hr

Age: I reckon 28-30 but sghe says 22

Size/shape: Great body ave ht,  B cup Breasts - all good there. Looks - not bad

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services: BJ Costumes, toys COB massage all positions GFE

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely

My experience/comments: Mosoko was my staple actually my only WL for quite some time.  Mosoko greets you wonderfully, you can ask her her wear certain things when making the appointment, she is always upbeat and enthusiastic, undresses you and tease as she undresses. She'll accomodate pretty much anything except BBBJ CIM and Greek. She actually is Japanese which is unusualy in perth nearly all the other girls claiming to be Japanes are in fact Korean or even Chinese. Mosoko is highly recommended and I do keep going back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th December 2010, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: Henry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Are the prices you quote for incall?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th December 2010, 07:47 PM
Poster ID: wizardmac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://www.beautifulcompanions.com.a...venturous.html

link above It's actually 180 per hour incall just on edge of CBD west side.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th December 2010, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: qUbsee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was it number 36  Mount St, that you visited?

I was there earlier today - and definately not 28 more like 48.....i called in the morning so perhaps wrong time/different girl?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th January 2011, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: Buckland Boy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen the same and thought she was much older than stated.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th April 2011, 12:01 AM
Poster ID: eddie2011
Post Title: 
 Perth fun & games
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mosoko

Establishment : Private. Perth CBD apartment

Date of Visit:  April 5, 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: www.beautifulcompanions.com.au or 0404 620 548

Hours of Business: by appointment

Rates: $180/hr

Age: late 20's

Size/shape: Slim, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: Massage, FS, Toys, mutual french. No greek

Value for money/recommend?: Great value. Recommeded

My experience/comments: Mosoko is a real gem.  Loves sex and cuddles. Fun loving and happy. A lovely girl and hot to boot. If you visit her, be kind - she deserves it.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 12th April 2011, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: Buckland Boy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Must be a different girl than the one I visited.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th January 2012, 04:49 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this the same mosoko or has anyone tried this one :
http://www.beautifulcompanions.com.a...s-fun-gir.html


Floor: #11
Post Time: 7th January 2012, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: Teejay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Prawn Star - Yes - this is the same Mosoko. I have been seeing her regularly for quite some time and the earlier descriptions are really spot on (and so I thought had nothing new to add for AUXXX followers).
Mosoko is very friendly and happy by nature and I really enjoy seeing her. For a one hour session, SOP is massage first (belly down) , focused on undercarriage with the offer of prostate massage if you are up for it. Flip and the prostate massage can continue whilst CBJ is being expertly performed - which is an incredible sensation. BBHJ on its own can raise the dead. DATY is certainly OK with her - but she comes quickly and is incredibly sensitive to touch immediately afterwards. Mish, Cowgirl, Reverse Cowgirl, Doggie, 69 - any others you may want to try are up for grabs. Mosoko is quite small framed and her body would put many 20 somethings to shame. Multiple shots is not a problem - she sees it as a challenge - even if a 30 minute booking! Enjoy.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 6th April 2012, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: airguitarguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited Mosoko for the first time the other week. Booking for the time I wanted was done quite easy by TXT.

I wasn't really sure what to expect after a mixed lot on this thread.

The door opens and I was neither suprised nor shocked - probably just relieved! 

Body and looks were OK with me, which I don't mind, because if they are too hot I just blow my load too quickly when the action commences! 

Sit down on the bed, get the money side squared away and a bit of small chat before heading to the shower.

Out of the shower and back to the bedroom to find Mosoko laying on the bed naked. A nicely shaved pussy, quite a good body for her age and soft smooth skin all over. Yee Har!

She starts with some fondling of my cock to get me hard, then onto the bed starting with a light massage.

Mosoko is quite cheeky and naughty by this stage, asking if I want to be good or a bad boy.

From the massage, we progress to plenty of cock worshipping, ball worshipping, cock teasing and dirty talk. On more than a few occasions she brushes her fingers behind my balls and around my arse, which I found quite unusually pleasureable. She was very sensitive when I put my finger in her pussy and moaned a bit, but I was enjoying Mosoko working on my cock more.

This lasted for quite a while, before slipping on the condom and making me watch her sucking my cock.

She then straddled me and rode my cock reverse cowgirl for a while, with me watching my cock in her pussy and little asshole going up and down in closeup. Plenty of dirty talk going on atthe same time.

We then switch to missionary for a little while, before I flip her over with her cute little butt in the air going doggie style and the moaning increases.

As the pressure begins to rise in my cock and balls towards the climax and I ask her if I can cum over her breasts.

She hops off my pole and positions herself for it.  I pull off the rubber and with Mosoko massaging my balls, I blow a big load of spunk all over her boobs (About 2 or 3 weeks worth), which she reckons must weigh a kilogram!

Only a bit of time left for a quick message, before showering and out the door.

Already planning my next visit to Mosoko. I hope it is as good as my first visit.

Any tips on things to try or ask for next visit...?


Floor: #13
Post Time: 29th January 2013, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: N2000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have visited Mosoko a number of times now and have even had the girl switch with her "sister"  Mosoko is sweet and funny and she has a great body for a 30+ 
She knows how to get you hard and play with you without being rushed out of the door. +++ service and she is really Japanese 100%


Floor: #14
Post Time: 2nd February 2013, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: dirtyperthian
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had my first visit to Mosoko last week after reading about her on here and was very pleasantly surprised! 

I got the phone number from her listing Private Escorts : BCVP Mosoko West Perth toys, fantasies, porn star and was hoping like hell that the pics were real - if so she was obviously going to have a smoking hot body. I called that morning from work (I work on the terrace, so not far to go) to try organise a visit on my lunch break, and she answered on the first ring which was great... I have found that most of the girls listed in the paper never answer the phone but this was my first time trying someone from BC. She is located on Mount St just over the freeway, so it really is the perfect spot for a quick trip out of the office to an important "meeting" 

When I got to her place and opened the door I got a shock - this surly fat girl with a gut hanging over her panties answered who looked nothing like the photos. I asked her if she was Mosoko and she said she was "Mosoko's friend" and then offered me half an hour at the same price ($120). I said I booked with Mosoko not her and was just about to leave when she said that she would call Mosoko who was just upstairs. Anyways, about 2 mins later Mosoko walked in the door in her normal clothes and I was much happier - like others have said she is definitely 30+, but you can see right away that she has a great body and that the BC pics are genuine. She was very apologetic about being late, sent the fat girl away somewhere (I know everyone says that Mosoko is Japanese but I was pretty sure they spoke Chinese - not that I was worried) and got her dress off and  put on some skimpy red panties and a little frilly apron so we could have "cute sex" (her words, not mine ). 

We quickly sorted out the money (ended up booking a 20min quick fuck for $100 as I saw on my phone some bastard had booked in an "urgent" meeting right next to the appointment in my calendar with Mosoko ) and she started doing a strip tease for me... she really does have a great body! Once she stripped down (didnt take long as she was only wearing panties and the apron) she got down on her knees and started taking my pants off for me, which I thought was a nice touch and by time she got to my cock it was rock hard.

Mosoko had the rubbers ready to go and put one on with her mouth before giving me a great BJ... this girl really knows how to suck cock! She kept playing with my balls and lightly spanking my ass while she sucked my dick, and she really seemed to be hungry for cock (like a chick in a porno) which makes the experience that much better. 

After a couple of minutes she gets up on the edge of the bed on all fours and starts begging me to fuck her... she really does have a great body so the view was very nice . I was surprised to find that her pussy was nice and tight, and she really makes a show of being right into it, asking for it harder, moaning quite loudly etc. She was doing loads of dirty talk which I know is better than laying there like a blow up doll, but for me she kind of overdid it so it just made it a little weird... I mean she kept telling me she was coming every 30 secs (I like to think I'm that good but I very much doubt that I actually made a working girl come 10 times in as many minutes )

After a while we switched to reverse cowgirl and she bounced away on my cock like a rabbit - once again this gave a very nice view of her tight little ass! As the 20 mins starting getting closer she asked if I wanted her to finish it off with her hands but instead I asked her to lay on her back so I could fuck her nice and hard and cum inside (with a rubber of course). She was happy enough to comply, and let me put her legs over my shoulders so that I could fold her up and get the whole length of my cock inside her nice and deep. I started pounding away and she stopped all the silly talking and just started moaning really loudly which I found much sexier! 

Once I had cum and rolled off her she took of the condom and cleaned up my cock for me, and also went and got my clothes ready which I thought was a nice touch. She bowed at the end and asked me to come back longer next time - I had a pretty good time and she wasn't much more expensive than a rub and tug so I'm pretty sure I will be heading back down that end of the Terrace again soon, but with a much longer appointment in my calendar this time


Floor: #15
Post Time: 2nd February 2013, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Mosoko - Perth (CBD) - 0404 620 548
				
Post Content: 
Nice review, thanks


Thread Title: Mosoko - Perth (CBD) - 0414 862 964
Floor: #16
Post Time: 3rd February 2013, 08:53 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mosoko

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21/1/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Private Escorts : BCVP Mosoko West Perth toys, fantasies, porn star
mOBILE 0414862964

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates :  100-20, 120 for 30, 180 for 60

Age : late 30ish

Size/shape : Size 8 good body great tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Says Japanese  and could be

Services Provided : FS & Fantasy

Value for money/recommend? : Yes a good dirty fun ride

My experience/comments : 
She is not 2o anymore but she has a nice body and can give this fantastic fingertip massage, shivver just be carefull she likes to slip things into holes and can give a very pleasant prostrate exam. Having seen her a few times now I applaud her willingness to play she always pulls out new toys to ... and is more then happy to try anything you might ask of her shes is friendly and well simply slutty not that there is anything wrong with that. I would give her looks 7/10 its more a PSE to Bondage style when I go I guess YMMV and the bathroom could do with a good clean but if variety and a bit of something different and you dont like all the fake adds then go ahead and try Mosoko I know I do


Floor: #17
Post Time: 20th March 2013, 04:48 PM
Poster ID: Darkside58
Post Title: 
 Mosoko West Perth
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Mosoko[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Establishment : Private[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : 20 March 203[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [/COLOR]

Private Escorts : BCVP Mosoko West Perth toys, fantasies, porn star
[COLOR=#333333]
MOBILE 0414862964[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : Seems to be flexible - I visited at 1130[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates : 100-20, 120 for 30, 180 for 60[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age : late 30's[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : Size 8 good body great tits[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : [/COLOR]FS[COLOR=#333333] & Fantasy[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : The best value for $180 I've ever had. Strongly recommend[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]My experience/comments : [/COLOR]
[COLOR=#333333]Mosoko is not a 19 year old and experience tells. She knows her way around a man's body and uses that knowledge to blow your brains through your [/COLOR]

So many asian girls are "prissy", little dolls. Mosoko is a women!

I visited because of the positive reviews in this forum and obviously had a hell of a time. She's playful, smiley and happy and wants to make you feel the same. The SOP of face down massage, HJ, face up massage and prostrate massage and HJ, followed by CBJ then sex in whatever position you want was somewhat abbreviated in my case. Her massage was good but the HJ and prostrate! Well, lets just say I haven't been aroused like that for a hell of a long time! We basically zipped through CBJ in less than 30 seconds and straight to vigorous fucking (no other way to describe it really). I was only interested in getting off in this women and basically pounded her trying to get as deep as possible! It took a while to come down after but Mosoko massaged my arms and hands most professionally.

Mosoko has just returned (this morning in fact) from a holiday back to Japan. She described some of the precautions and tests she had to conduct as a result of the radiation spread. So for those not completely sure she's Japanese, rest assured she is. She's saddened by what she saw and the ramifications of what has happened.

Now for the bad news - she mentioned she intends to move on in a couple of months. My mind retains two months. For regulars (and I'm now in your ranks) this is terrible news. Its going to be hard going back to those silly little girls that are foisted upon us by the agencies.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 22nd March 2013, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thought I would check out Mosoko after the positive reports
On arrival wasn’t sure if I had the right women as I remember the “switch the girl “ in an earlier post
  it was mosoko as I meet her naked friend in the shared bathroom who was definitely fatter and an instant no for me.
Unfortunatly I didn’t find mosoko very attractive not really a looker and not her claimed age of 29!!!!! More like 4o years ie stomach protruding and stretch marks even though  she has no kids and the start of the double chin. (She suggested we go dancing together one night and no 29 year old wants to go dancing with a 50 year old “me” I’m sure of that)
She did have a good set of tits and legs to be fair plus a tight fanny(must be a jap trait) which was surprising considering her age and profession.
Anyhow decided to stay for the hour and see what the fuss is about. 
Started with a very good welcome hug and lots of nice comments regards my looks and physical appearance, flattery gets you everywhere. Excellent massage to begin with and good hand job technique. 
Unfortunately phone ring constantly which she answered or sent return texts.
Seemed very interested in my crack must be a Jap pastime but I passed on the anal work as it’s not my scene (probably due to the 3 doctors who did some internal examinations up the back passage when I was 18 suffering from appendicitis to see how swollen the appendix was . So there’s a tip for chaps who want a government subsidized fingering)
Turn over time and on to the blow job and of course the phone rang and I asked her why she didn’t answer it!
Into missionary then doggy then she’s on top but she seemed to run out of steam oops and then times up
Offered a hand job to finish off so I closed my eyes an imaged hot chick to get over the line (A bit strange really as that’s what I wanted to pay for  )
If you’re looking for a lady who’s into arse holes, dirty talk and a pleasant welcoming personality who will boast you self-esteem with flattery she’s a 9 out of ten.
If in my case you want a slim young (under 30) good looking chick who has energy while fucking she is not the one (please private message me if you know anyone who fits the description)
Disappointed dick 
 Ps didn’t do the dancing date


Floor: #19
Post Time: 1st May 2013, 06:10 PM
Poster ID: N2000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone been to mosoko lately?


