Thread Title: Naveah Summers - West Perth - 0480 103 001
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2019, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: Gent.Perth
Post Title: 
 Naveah Summers - West Perth - 0480 103 001
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Neveah Summers

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/09

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/naveah-summers

Phone : 0480103001

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : 500/hr

Age : 33-34

Size/shape : Petite - tiny and tight 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian with Euro background

Services Provided : GFE - Genuine and honest

Value for money/recommend? : Highly recommend and have returned 4 times subsequent

My experience/comments : It had been 6 to 8 weeks ago when I first encounted Naveah's ad on Scarlet Blue but at the time we couldnt make the arrangements work, however I had filed away her number and on a whim shot her a message that said "We missed connecting a couple of weeks ago, and I was taking a shot that you might be available tongiht?" and before long I got a reply that said "Persistence pays off, because in this istance I actually am".  So having established that she was available, I did admit to having discretely messaged her having saved her number previously in my phone,  and that I wasnt in a position to find her advert easily, so helpful as ever I quickly was forwarded her SB profile link and for good measure - without asking I recieved a couple of selfies for good measure. Well those selfies ensured that any hesitation I felt was quickly thrown out the window as staring back at me from my phone was this stunningly petite, confident and alluring individual. So confident did Naveah come across in those photos that I knew I was in for an encounter with a woman who was completely comfortable in her own skin and with her own sexuality. She oozed sexual confidence, which is something I find so intoxicating and isnt something that is encounted as often as I would like. Excitedly I quickly confirmed a booking for a couple of hours later and eagerly started to make my way home to shower and change.

Neaveh made the task of making arrangements painless and she was understanding of the fact that I needed to return home first and was relient on﻿ others to get me there. All she asked (and resepctfully it wasnt much) was that I let her know when I was on my way to meet with her in West Perth. Well I soon cleaned myself up and let her know I was on the way, and she provided me with the details of an upscale hotel in West Perth. 

As I headed in to meet this athletic and quite beautiful woman I let her know I was on route and on arrival at her hotel, enquired if I was able to head ﻿straight up or she would need to come get me. She did need to escort me up however she did warn me that there were a couple of drunken yabbos that had tried to engage her in a chat when she had recently just been downstairs to grab something from her car. I told her not to worry and that I would be happy to act as her bf who had only just arrived to ensure that we not be bothered by the guys. She came and got me, embrassed and kissed me (as part of the act) and hand in hand we headed up to her room.

 I was so super stoked to see that the selfies really were some of the most accurate photos I'd ever been sent by a girl prior to making a booking. It was clear to me that Naveah was a escort that prided herself on her integrity and being honest with her photographs and descriptions in her profile. As we entered her room, I was offered a drink and we both sat there to get to know one another a little. Naveah clearly wasn't just interested in a quick, mechanical and superficial encounter but rather wanted to take time to ensure I was comfortable, and have a conversation with me. 

Now I understand that it doesnt appeal to all but I have found that I tend to have a more enjoyable, comfortable and pleasurable experience with those girls who generally and genuinely go out of their way to engage with me on a personal level. I've always felt that if a escort is comfortable to chat, then it elevates an encounter from strictly physical and transactional to more personable and more in keeping with a true "GFE" type booking. 

So after a little bit of chit chat, and what not, Naveah slowly moves towards me for a DFK and starts pulling my shirt up my torso to remove it. Eagerly I take over and pull my shirt over my head as I feel her hands reach for my belt and jeans. She expertly undoes my pants, and i wriggle them off my body. Just as quickly, I feel her hook into the wasitband of my boxes and these too soon meet my jeans on the floor. In her eagerness to remove my boxers, she didnt miss the opportunity for that first light caress of my rapidily reacting member whch sent bolts of electricity through me. 

Quickly we were on the bed and I had this tiny and squrming godess wriggling in my embrace. Her mouth searched for mine as she expolored my neck and face and I welcomed her darting tounge into my mouth as she attempted to map every contour above my shoulders with her mouth.  She was both energetic and tender all at the same time, and soon I was feeling hands upon tounge and lips building up a fire in my soul. She dragged her hands across every sensative surface of my body she could find and still not satisifed, any reaction she mustered from me gave her a point of reference to return with her skilled tongue and mouth. 

As she explored my skin with the enthusasim of Capt Cook discovering australia I soon watched as her lips engulfed my head, her tongue swirled around and her eyes met mine as she slowly and expertly lowered her mouth on my cock. She seems to enjoy maintaining eye contact wtih me as i went deeper and deeper until I felt her nose hit my torso, and that eye contact was topped off with a cheeky wink. 

To say I was in sensory heaven would be an understatement, as i could feel my eyes roll back as I let the sensations of a champion BJ wash over me. There was so many different but aweome actions of lips, throat, tongue and hand that but for what I could see, I really lost track of them all. This was a BJ that was an example of the sum of the parts being greater than each action because this was an epic BJ that left me on the brink of blowing my load. 

Squirming away so that I could retreat from the precipice, I was desperate for a taste of this honey pot. I figured that one good deed deserved another and that I should do what I could to show my appreciation to this goddess of a woman and given how much I was genuinely enjoying myself, It was encumbent on me as a gentleman to ensure that a quid pro quo so to speak. I dove into my task of DATY with the enthusaism of a fat kid on a ice cream as i explored the her body with gusto. Now I don't profess to have the fingers of Liberace or the oral dexiterity of a lesbian but there are just some reactions that are so primal that their genuiness simply is unquestioned. Her squirming soon built to an avalanche of movement as I heard a squeal of delight followed by a few whimpers ensuring that both our needs were being met. ﻿

As I held her as she recovered, and I too regained my composure, I thought with delight just how good the crescendo of our encounter was going to be. With eagerness, she sheathed me in a dom, and asked me how I wanted it, and told me that she was at my mercy. I was still deciding when she told me her favourite position was to  but enquired what position I would like but before I could reply she told me her favourite position was to be taken from behind lying flat. Well who was i to argue with the request which I was more than happy to accommodate as it presented me with a magnificent view of her pert and taut little ass and slit. As she positioned herself on her stomach, and wriggled her ass at me, I couldn't help myself as i grabbed what felt like a small mango shapped ass cheek in each hand, and dove my tongue into the crevice one last time. Angling myself downward,  we soon became biblically linked together, conjoined deeply and completely.  As she raised herself slightly up and I wrapped my arm around her torso we slowly found our natural rhythm together.  I was getting close, and I could feel she was as well and I told her i was so close that she bucked herself with lust once, twice and finally a third time as she drove me over the edge. That final effort also pushed her past the point and I could feel her grip and tense up beneath me. I dropped my face to hers and searched for her mouth. I wanted to kiss this sexual dynamite a thank you for what we experienced. 

Now YMMV but the standard has been maintained and even on occasion raised as I have subseqently had another 4 dates with Neveah. She has set the bar remarkably high and she will haunt (in a good way) my dreams until we meet the next time.


