Thread Title: Novi - Burswood - 0404 622 748
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2017, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Novi - Burswood - 0404 622 748
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Novi

Establishment : pwl

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : She's on WeChat - novijv for those of you that have the app. She travels and I believe she is based in Melbourne. 
You can also call but use discretion as I don't know how many people she gives her number to - 0404 622 748

Hours of Business : any time she answers

Rates :  Massage with HE - $100
              Include b2b and bbbj - $150
FS - $200

Age : 40's

Size/shape : tiny sz 6 with Bcups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indonesian

Services Provided : FS with B2B and BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Novi was very easy to communicate with and very accommodating. She is very gentle and extremely happy. Greets you like a long lost friend and treats you like you are the only person in the world. Quite the opposite to what you normally see in this industry

She greeted me with a hug and a kiss, gave me a drink. Chatted like family and eventually asked me to move to the bed so she can start to relax me. Naked and on my tummy, Novi started what can only be called a sensual, slow and erotic massage. Never quite groping but never forgetting what this was about. 

In the process of this she disrobed and used her body to perfection. Each time she slid up past my head she would kiss me and make me feel like a lover. On turn over it was the same. She lavished her body on me and had me so hard I felt 18 again. 

Time came for the main event and she beautifully took me into her mouth and took me to the edge continually. With a dom finally on she lay on her back and asked me to enter her. I was happy for her to be on top and control this since she is so small but had no problem in mish and took me to the inevitable end in a passionate embrace with our lips and tongue firmly together. 

A sensual clean up and shower and all too soon I had to leave. A no rush service, my only complaint, ever so slight, was her liberal use of baby oil which did mar the experience slightly since I hate the taste lol.


