Thread Title: Paige - Perth - 0411 581 371
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th December 2011, 01:50 AM
Poster ID: notlooking4love
Post Title: 
 Paige - Perth - 0411 581 371
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Paige Yorke

Establishment :  Private - working out of West Perth apartment

Date of Visit :  3 times in lst 3 weeks

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  dare I say it - cracker ad PAIGE YORKE Very busty beauty x - Perth | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business :   probably anytime

Rates :  $400/hr

Age :  early 20's

Size/shape :  tiny with F rack

Nationality or Ethnicity :  aussie

Services Provided :  full service, kissing, covered oral and sex

Value for money/recommend? :  absolutely

My experience/comments : This lady has an unbelievably to die for body - thin and toned with large bouncy breasts and blone hair, its a dream. And skin is amazing - smooth, shiny and just wonderful to touch all day. I have seen her three times now for three different experiences, and am just blown away (like literally one time in the hallway didn't even make it any further and just "blew away" from the pleasure she was receiving from me touching her and her touching me). Paige is fun and cheerful and easy to get into any situation. Can I be infatuated??

Each booking now has started with a mandatory shower. That's OK. It's a nice apartment and so bathroom isn't dingy or anything. When you step out of the bathroom Paige is waiting in the hallway, lusciously dressed in lingerie - when you first arrive and go into the bathroom she is covered up, and the reveal is delightful.

Seems to love kissing. Well, I think so.

I will tell you what she does like - a good sweet DATY. I make this call based on a couple of experiences with Paige now. The sounds, purrs, moans she makes. The juices and moistness leaking and drenching my face. And the whole of body reaction when you realise practice makes perfect.

Did I say before what fantastic skin she has. It all makes it's way to her mountainous breasts, which have enjoyed a good sucking or two. They have also been home to some spanish, her sitting on the edge of the bed, me standing. The sight of her leaning back, cheeky smile, reaching forward and helping (not that they need much holding together cause the size is perfect) is totally enough to produce enough natural lubrication from my end to keep things going.

I have been trying to recall what her blowjobs are like. I think we have partaken, but I can only recall softness, pleasure, sweetness, teasing. I think I'd like to encourage some harder, lollipop style, but I will have to report back on that.

So, rah rah to Paige. Visiting on an extended trip from Brissy I am told, so may as well try and burn her out whilst she is here....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th December 2011, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste of the Cracker ad:

Paige is my name and pleasure is my game. 
I have a very cute and cheeky look which is also sporty and mischievous. 
My body is very toned and I am blessed with beautiful silky tan skin. I keep myself fit and toned as a lifestyle choice. This really shows in my super toned legs and tight and taut arse! 
My natural F cup breasts are 100% real and very firm and perky. I have been told that my face is very pretty and my huge smile lights up the room. I like to have no awkwardness with my clients and immediately they feel at ease and ready for a really nice, fun time with me. 
I have a very bubbly and playful personality and love teasing…and pleasing. I joke around a lot and really just like to have a carefree and easy going time. 
I like my clients to be respectful, health conscious and ready for a great time! I like receiving gifts such as perfume (Dior), hand and body lotions and fresh flowers. I work from a private, discreet apartment in the city with plenty of parking directly across the street from me. 
I look forward to hearing from you soon 
Xx Paige Yorke 

Prices/ Investments 
$250 – 30min 
$400 – 1hr 
$800 – 2 hr additional hours $350/hr 

Included in all my services: 
GFE (Girlfriend Experience) 
Snuggling/cuddling/caressing 
Sensual massage (soft/firm) 
Kissing (I provide mouthwash so please use it) 
Sex 
Oral on you 
Oral on me 
Fantasies (may incur slight additional cost) 

I DO NOT provide ANAL or NATURAL SEX


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd December 2011, 01:25 AM
Poster ID: Kruschev
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BAB - any pics??


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd December 2011, 10:28 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You assume I am technically capable enough to load pics as well as "copy and paste" 

I believe there were some included with the ad but is has now expired.






 Originally Posted by Kruschev


BAB - any pics??


