Thread Title: Pandora - Perth (CBD) - 0410 874 549 (sms)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th February 2011, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: kris79
Post Title: 
 Pandora - Perth (CBD) - 0410 874 549 (sms)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: pandora

Establishment : private

Date of Visit: 11 feb 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.sexwa.net/pandora/ 

ph 0410874549

Hours of Business: 

Rates: 500 hr

Age:  35

Size/shape: sz 6

Nationality or Ethnicity: australian

Services Provided: full

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: this girl is amazing sucks and fucks in all holes like a true dirty slut had a great time was awesome let me fuck her ass and cum in her mouth


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th March 2011, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: Mike28
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pandora is one of the hottest ladies in Perth.
Amazing body, massive enhanced breasts, discreet piercings & a kinky, full-on attitude.
An ex BDSM mistress, so can look after you with that as well.
I was blindfolded & bound to begin & had Pandora on my face - too nice!
Fisting & Anyl followed with COB (why wouldn't you) to finish.
Plus she is easy to talk to.
Can't wait to see her again :-)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th March 2011, 09:05 PM
Poster ID: chris.shiherlis
Post Title: 
 Pandora
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Pandora

Establishment :Private

Date of Visit: 18/02/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:0410 874 549 sexwa.net

Hours of Business: 3 days a week only weekdays

Rates: $500 per hour

Age:33

Size/shape:Size8 athletic toned body

Nationality or Ethnicity:Caucasian

Services Provided: cbj,spanish,body slide, full service 

Value for money/recommend?:Yes!

My experience/comments:I finally had the chance to meet Pandora and all I can say is that she is absolutely hot! I didn't end up being stood up like last time!
In terms of looks, she looks way better than in her photos. What an amazing set of tits! Even though they are enhanced, I think they look amazingly good on her and they are not hard rock like some others. I couldn't take my eyes of her outfit when she opened the door. Honestly, I struggled trying to follow the conversation, which was really interesting but she just doesn't stop teasing, and those boobs and those legs and that hair was just too much!
Pandora is one of the few escorts who really enjoys her job and not only just the action but also getting to know her clients.
Once we finished our glass of wine, she gave me a little bit of a lap dance and moved on to some amazing spanish followed by some good head with condom. She is very conscious about safe sex so did not allow uncovered bj or kissing. On the other hand, she does enjoy daty ;-) and was very grateful for my suggestion. After that she came on top and gave me an amazing ride with a view of those bouncing boobs. We continued standing in front of the mirror while i was taking her from the back. After trying some cim she suggested I could finish in her breasts with the best spanish I have ever received!
We had a shower together and had one last glass of wine while having a chat, she told me about how much she likes her job and also how much of a turn on this is for her partner. I left after about an hour and a half thinking of when would I book her again.
Thanks Pandora, you really know how to make it up when you stuff up!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th April 2011, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: magictonic
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review ,pity she doesn't allow DFK as does look hot enough


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 03:33 PM
Poster ID: Perseus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Pandora

Establishment : private

Date of Visit: 21 Apr 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.sexwa.net/pandora/ or http://www.privategirls.com.au/pandora.php

ph 0410874549  Text only, do not call!

Hours of Business:  some weekdays, day time.  Text her and she'll work with you to make the best arrangement for you both.

Rates: start at 550 hr

Age: 33

Size/shape: sz 7

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: full (For me, amazing Spanish, cbj, daty, rimjob, strap-on, PSE)

Value for money/recommend?: Holy shit, yes!!!

My experience/comments: Her body is just magnificent...  she was built by Aprhodite, this woman.  Just an unearthly delight!
I was yelling my head off with pleasure and talking filth uncontrollably; she had me going out of my mind.  She is just absolutely bloody volcanic.
She's professional, really genuine, enjoys what she is doing, and has totally made my fantasies a reality.  Treat her with the respect you should and you'll have the time of your life, I guarantee it.
Can't wait to visit her again.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 05:22 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I guess ymmv with her since the first review indicates she does cim. Extras I guess??? 

Thinking about booking her....


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th April 2011, 05:08 AM
Poster ID: serenity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
she doesnt do cim


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th May 2011, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: bbboy
Post Title: 
 Pandora - Belmont - 0410 874 549
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Pandora

Establishment :Private

Date of Visit:4/5/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Private - Belmont, WA - 0410 874 549

Hours of Business: varies

Rates:$550 / hr

Age:Mid 30's

Size/shape:Very Busty slim

Nationality or Ethnicity:not sure

Services Provided:everything and anything

Value for money/recommend?:definatley

My experience/comments: I was a little hesitant at first, the old saying if it sounds too good to be true, it usually is, well not Pandora.  From when i walked through the dorr, she made me feel very relaxed and basically told me her only 3 rules, which i cannot remember because i was just fixed on those fantastic boobs   Anyway, she asked me if there was anything soecific i wanted, which i explained what i was after and she delivered exactly that except it was better than i could ever imagine.

My basic request was i just needed to be f***ed and when i had been f***ed do it to me again.  Well she did that and more.  After to usual was out of the way she started with spanish and with those boobs it was fantastic.  Pandora gave me spanish like i have never had it before, the technique was amazing.  Then she moved onto the oral and jnr also enjoyed that just as much, with deep french.  Was not long before i needed P to mount me and take me to the finish line.

After a little chit chat it was on for round two with just as much attention to detail as round one.  After we finished and i was shower time, Pandora jusmped in the shower with me and washed me down, i think she realized that i was exhausted that i needed some help.

Would i visit her again, definatley, counting down the days.  Its not that often you get someone that delivers what they say they will provide, but Pandora does.   

Rating 9/10


