Thread Title: Paris - East Perth - 0406 106 949
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2013, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: ggg4m3
Post Title: 
 Paris - East Perth - 0406 106 949
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paris

Establishment : East Perth

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Beautiful Companions [COLOR=#800080]0406 106 949[/COLOR]
Received details from 0467 399 803

Hours of Business : -

Rates : $120/30, $180/60 

Age : ~30s

Size/shape : Size 8-10 / a bit chubbier than in the photos, C-cup, nice ass! looks like scarring from c-section, long black hair, short (~5'4")

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes, a bit average. Fighting amongst owners was a bit distressing. 

My experience/comments : Was put in contact with the mamasan, and she came to the apartment entrance to let me in. Asked me if I was seeing Yoyo, which I replied I was seeing Paris. Oops :/ . Was told that Paris was busy so asked to wait in the living room. This was a bit awkward as I had nothing to do and the living room is pretty open between the bedroom and the entrance/exit. It was a nice apartment but I think the mamasan might live a little messily (sunflower seed husks all over the coffee table and newspapers). Sat on the couch and was offered some water (hot water) and the mamasan and I chatted very lightly. Probably during when the guy was showering Paris came out and draped her arms around me and said I was good looking, although at the time I didn't realise she was who I had booked. The other patron left and Paris took my hand and led me to her room. Started with a kiss before I handed her the money, and I also sneaked in a feel of her butt in her fitting outfit (she wore black platform/heels, short black skirt, black jacket). Paid for 30 minutes and had a shower. 

Came back to see her already undressed and she started by kissing my body and then dropping to her knees, licking and sucking my balls which felt great. Covered me with a condom and proceeded to give me a CBJ while I stood in front of her. Unfortunately this did not carry on too long. 
Started with missionary which was ok, then went to doggy which was much nicer given her ass looks great. I ended up finishing like that and she shook her ass at me while I was finishing. Great view. 

We lay in bed for a bit until some guys (maybe the mamasan's boyfriend) or the owners started arguing (in Chinese). It was pretty loud. Ended up getting changed without showering as it was getting a little too heated. I couldn't really understand what Paris said, apparently the other working girl messed up, left her phone or lost it or something. Not sure what happened but I wasn't really too keen to stay around. You could hear them shouting from the street! 

Pretty good overall but the arguing was a downer. I don't imagine this happens all the time though.


