Thread Title: Piper - Westminster, WA - 0459 290 951
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd September 2019, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: rendangbeef
Post Title: 
 Piper - Westminster, WA - 0459 290 951
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Piper

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 1 August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0459 290 951

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : 200/30, 350/60

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Petite, about 5'3, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Will come back for more

My experience/comments : Making a booking with Piper was easy and pleasant, she responds to texts fast, and seems to be quite flexible on her timing. Operates out of a unit, plenty of roadside parking available. Ring her when you're there and she'd ask you to come through the front gate and greet you at the door. She has a small dog in the house. The house is very clean, bathrooms are very clean, with clean towels and mats. Start off with small chats to get to know each other a little bit and make you feel like a friend, she'd even offer you if you'd like a drink (whether alcoholic or non), and all this time spent outside the bedroom does not count towards the booking time, so that's a plus. She holds a very good conversation too, and you genuinely can have a laugh with her.

To the bedroom, Piper has a really attractive face, and a very tight petite body. Tattoos on multiple parts of her body, and a clean shaved pussy. Not the largest set of boobs, but its a handful, and proportionate to her body. All services are with a condom, and is non negotiable. Very light kissing, and not long after, she'd lay me back against the bed and her hands would start to get to work. I became instantly hard - she's just so god damn pretty! Condom on, its time for some head. I am not a fan of covered bj, but I still thoroughly enjoyed watching her working on the shaft while cradling and massaging my balls. After a little while she'd ask whether you'd like to fuck her, hell yes I would. I got on top and slid it in, holy shit, she is TIGHT. I started thrusting my full length and she'd let out a soft moan, which I find super sexy. At this rate, I don't think I'd last very long at all! She'd grab the back of my neck and pulled me close, whispering and moaning into my ear, urging me to fuck her harder. God damn. I started going faster and harder until I couldn't hold it anymore, I told her I was gonna cum, she then reached down and pulled me in deeper. I was in heaven.

After we're done, we'd chat for a little while before we say our goodbyes. Genuinely a cool girl. Very comfortable to be around, and no rush service.

PS: For the car guys out there, she drives a modified V8 Mustang, so she is into that sort of thing.
PPS: Her bed is super soft, some people don't like this, so I'm gonna make a note on it.


