Thread Title: Porshia - Perth - 0410 832 182
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th November 2011, 12:20 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Porshia - Perth - 0410 832 182
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Porshia

Establishment :   Private 

Date of Visit :   November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   Porshia of Perth

Hours of Business :    Not sure

Rates :   $200 / 30 min - $300 / 60 min (she stated $250 / 30 min and $400 / 60 min on the phone........ you would be crazy to pay that much for this one!)

Age : says 28 - she is older

Size/shape :   Very petite, natural soft breasts I'd say a c cup, tight little ass, nice shaven pussy.

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Says Italian Heritage ....

Services Provided :   CBJ, Massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No, unless she offered a sub $100 quickie FS that involved her bending over or on all fours as she has a super hot ass but poor service......

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

After reading some really good reviews on Porshia on other websites I decided to give her a shot.... I met her at the hotel she was staying in and negotiated my way to her room as discreetly as possible. She took a very long time to answer the door... this was typical it seemed since she took a very long time to answer her phone when I peppered her with phones calls repeatedly to let her know I had turned up at the hotel. 

Finally she answers the door.... She's a tiny little woman, very skinny... perhaps too skinny... looks as if she has some vices ... She was nice and polite but just didn't do it for me I'm afraid. She requested I take a shower... when I got to the bathroom she shouted to me -- just wash your penis in the basin.. --- ok shower turned into washing your cock in a hand basin??? INTERESTING.... Has anyone else ever experienced this??? I'd never done it before and thought it was a very unusual request.... She struck me as the kind of lady that had trains of quickies and wasn't used to a longer time booking....

After exploring the list of do nots, which contradicted other reviews, an hour seemed like a very long and boring booking....... the things she wouldn't do were:
- No Kissing
- No Fingering
- No BBBJ
- No DATY

She did do some ball licking and sucking which i found boring.......... The whole experience a big let down sadly. She had been reviewed so well some months ago... I wonder what happened to her, or what the reviewers were on... perhaps YMMV and there wasn't a spark between us.

The CBJ was good, nice technique and deep but not long enough......


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th November 2011, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: Buckland Boy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My guess is that she would be nearing 40. Has definitely had a hard life. Been in the industry for at least 12 years. Much better around now.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd December 2011, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: Kruschev
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Solution, sorry to hear of your bad experience with Porshia. 

She really WAS as good as her reviews, but over the past year has had some huge family problems (her Mum's health) - and other things which has changed her personal life dramatically - she wouldn't want me to go into all the details but suffice to say she has been stressed out, lost some weight (which she didn't need to lose), gone off focus for the job. 

Too many phone calls unanswered etc. She has far too much going on in her life and I just hope things settle down for her soon and she gets back to her old self. Drink and drugs are NOT the issue and YES you are right about the 'wash in the basin' bit - something she suggests when she is behind schedule - and I don't mean client schedule but trips to home, family, pets, boyfriend(s), other courses, pets again, cooking for 4 humans plus pets again, trips around the state (to get away from home) etc.

She really is a caring lady and awesome when she is trying.

Hope you get a chance to see again when she gets back to her best. I'm trying to help, where I can, where she will let me, but I'd see it as at least another 3 to 6 months before she gets her act together.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th December 2011, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: goodsex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow Kruschev. Really appreciate the update. I was starting to wonder if it was the same Portia that I saw 2 maybe 3 years ago.

When I saw Portia she was at a flat in Northbridge which she shared with another girl. She seemed really happy when I got there and steered me through to the shower where I made use of all the trappings to clean myself up and smell good. I came out and lay on the bed, whoops with damp towel still on, which I got told off for. Had me worried for a sec' but all was cool. She gave me a bit of a massage and asked if I was keen to go down on her. When I said "You bet" she jumped up and went to bathroom to add a little more perfume closer to her gorgeous pussy. A nice touch I thought. I thought Portia was really friendly and chatty.

She was making constant eye contact with me as she stroked my cock rigid and I was sooo hoping that cheeky grin might end up sliding over my naked cock. Alas, no. Somewhere in the proceedings she was stretched out like a cat with me lapping at her sex. Tasted great. Soon the dom was on (can't remember if she used her mouth) and, again with plenty of eye contact, she straddled me and impaled herself. Awwww that felt so amazing! She rode me for some minutes and then flipped around to doggy. I'm a real oral man and when the minutes of doggy (a great view too by the way) had me near the edge I asked for more oral. Now it wasn't bbbj but it was hands down the best cbj I've ever had. Without me asking she ripped the condom off and lay across me jerking me and rubbing my dick between her tits. I lasted somewhere between 10 and 15 seconds before losing it and blowing my cum all over her chest. Fantastic orgasm!

She cleaned up, leaving me to catch my breath and as we weren't up to time yet we just chatted for a further 10 minutes. Wicked.

I never did see her again and had always wanted to, especially after reading other reviews on forums that suggested with a repeat visit(s) I may well have got that bbbj I wanted so badly.

So yeah, very sorry to hear things aren't what she'd like them to be at present. But must say that delivering poor service to her clients won't help. Maybe better to do something else until she wants to see us again?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th December 2011, 01:06 AM
Poster ID: Kruschev
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Goodsex - yes I hope for all our sakes (and for Porshia) that she returns to her old self.  

Having re-read my 3rd Dec entry, I should expand that 'other courses' refers to things she has been learning for other business opportunities including book-keeping, truck driving and pet grooming. She is / was / has prepared for a time when she is not a working girl, but she likes the money, hours and shopping too much so I can't ever see her in a normal job.


