Thread Title: Rutland Ave, Carlisle - 0424 974 297
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th September 2016, 12:12 AM
Poster ID: Tallguy_71
Post Title: 
 Rutland Ave, Carlisle - 0424 974 297
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Unnamed 

Date of Visit : 9th September 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 974 297.   Rutland Avenue, Carlisle (near Pub)

Hours of Business : I believe they close Midnight

Rates : 150 for hour

Age : mid to late twenties

Size/shape : Size 6 - skinny with glasses

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Standard full Service with 2 shots allowed in one hour booking

Value for money/recommend? : Reasonable for pricing offered

My experience/comments : Was feeling like a bit of action so following some investigation in local newspaper, WeChat and online ended up deciding that best option /value for money was to go to establishment located in Rutland Avenue, Carlisle.  The building is essentially a house on Rutland Avenue located nearly opposite the Carlisle train station.

The dwelling has a half discreet entrance / front door with a sensor light operating at front porch.  It was a bit annoying that I was made to wait several minutes on front porch whilst I could hear movement within no doubt trying to agree who would answer the door and provide the service.

I was finally greeted and ushered into a large bedroom to left of hallway which was relatively large, warm and comfortable.  Agreement as to services to be provided in the hour then occurred and agreed money was provided.  Service was relatively straightforward provided by young girl (likely ethnic Chinese from Malaysia) with initial session consisting of brief massage to loosen up and then flip over for a covered blowjob and then on to some quick mish. With first session over it was on to a massage in between which was much enjoyed before flipping for second session which was very similar to first session which finished with a good pounding doggie style.  My only gripe was that the girl positioned her hips so that thrusting was hampered by not being completely aligned.  Many Asian girls seem to do this to combat Western size(?)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th September 2016, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tallboy, good to see you finally reviewing again after such a long absence. Please keep them coming.


