Thread Title: Sahara - Perth Tour - 0421 819 181
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th May 2011, 08:10 PM
Poster ID: chris.shiherlis
Post Title: 
 Sahara - Perth Tour - 0421 819 181
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sahara

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Sahara Private Melbourne Escort

Hours of Business: Check with her

Rates: $600 per hour

Age: 26

Size/shape: 8 slim type

Nationality or Ethnicity: Canadian/Caucasian

Services Provided: gfe, dfk, daty, bbbj, greek, cob and more but check with her

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments:
I finally had the chance to meet Sahara after an unsuccessful attempt in Melbourne. She is a gorgeous blonde girl with beautiful soft white porcelain skin. I booked an appointment with her at her hotel and from the first moment she was willing to make the ocassion a memorable encounter. Her pics on the web ad are true but she looks even better in person. She doesn't have a tan anymore though.
I asked her to wait for me completely naked and just wearing heels, she looked stunning in those heels, her legs are really toned and I could not take my eyes of her tiny waist and cute ass.
The initial conversation was quite fun and helped a lot to break the ice, we moved to the bed where i spent the most amazing time kissing her and working on her delicious pussy (fully shaven btw). She really seemed to be enjoying herself while i went down on her as well as the fingering. After that she took control and started teasing my cock with her boobs and licking my body then she gave me an amazing bbbj. I could not stop looking at her body so i asked her to f**k her standing in front of the mirror, we tried a few other positions that she suggested until I could not hold off anymore.
Sahara said she will be here for a couple of weeks so I am really looking forward to seeing her again, hopefully for a couple of hours next time. She is not just hot and horny while fucking but a lot of fun to have a conversation. I definitely recommend her if you are looking for a white blonde girl with a little bit more of brains than the average lol


