Thread Title: Sami Cox - Perth - 0411 088 205
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th October 2011, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: Michon
Post Title: 
 Sami Cox - Perth - 0411 088 205
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Sami Cox

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit :   26/10/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   Sami Cox Private Perth Escort

Hours of Business :    Contact Sami

Rates :   $100 short stay, $150/30 minutes, $200/45minutes, $250/hour

Age :   says 28, possibly older

Size/shape :   10

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Australian

Services Provided :   Massage, BBBJ(not to completion) Sex in various positions

Value for money/recommend? :   ok but wouldn't recommend.

My experience/comments : I had a bit of time to kill yesterday and having seen Sami's ad on PG decided to give her a try. She promptly answered the phone, after discussion about visiting her she was very apologetic about the accommodation she was staying in. She'd had difficulty getting her usual place because of CHOGM; everywhere decent in Perth is fully booked this week. She advised the bathroom was across the hall way. Would this be ok? I was keen to see her so said we'd manage.

She met me coming out of the lift to her room to open the security door. Whilst she looks reasonably attractive the blond wig and bright red lipstick made her look the archetypal hooker. Didn't do a lot for me. She was quite chatty and is an intelligent and friendly lady.
once the finances were sorted we stripped and she performed a quick massage of my legs and back. After turning over she performed a BBBJ, which was very light and more hand job than BJ!
Sex in doggie to a finish accompanied by the obligatory fake moans was the finale. we cleaned up and chatted for a few minutes before the 30 minutes was up. I wasn't keen on trotting across the hall way for a shower so left it until I got home.

Conclusion: a cheap punt, but I didn't really click and wouldn't return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th October 2011, 07:15 AM
Poster ID: wizzo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Michon


Person's Name :   Sami Cox 
Whilst she looks reasonably attractive the blond wig and bright red lipstick made her look the archetypal hooker. Didn't do a lot for me
"""



Thanks for the review Michon. Yeah, that look wouldn't do a lot for me either.

I expect to be in Perth shortly and will take care to avoid Sami but would be pleased if you are able to provide any other leads that have prooven to be more successful punts.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th June 2012, 11:16 AM
Poster ID: robby_john
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Also note that Sami is also Nina Von Straussen, just fyi


