Thread Title: Sarah - Cannington - 0423469366
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 03:08 AM
Poster ID: lookingforfun
Post Title: 
 Sarah - Cannington - 0423469366
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : last week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Has regular Locanto ads. Hot & Horny Girl Up To Play, Perth

Hours of Business :  Unknown

Rates : 250/60

Age : 29

Size/shape : 5'4" and size 10ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie ( a little trashy but for some reason thats a turn on )

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, Kissing, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Unsure, i think i might give her another shot and see how she goes.

My experience/comments : Had a little trouble finding the place, house number wasnt lit up but managed to work it out. She had sent me a picture and has previously had pics up on her locanto ad, they were all real. She invites me in, takes me to a bedroom and we deal with the extra's and money, i go for 1hr($250) with bbbj(+$50), money is exhanged. She gets me a drink and we start with some small talk, i get comfortable and she starts with the bbbj, very nice but cut a little short. On with the dom, a little trouble fitting it on (she couldnt find a larger one) and then on with the main show. Some mish with french kissing, nice tongue. Onto Some DATY, do this for a bit and make her cum, she comments how i should be the one cumming and we just back into mish, work that for a bit and then into doggie. I think she like this position as she seemed to really get into it. And thats me done, we clean up and lie on the bed chatting for a bit, she then hints that its time to leave, i get dressed and head out. Turns out i had only been there for ~40 minutes (paid for an hour). A bit bummed but i was quite happy with the service.

Overall, a decent looking aussie (trashy, but just enough to be a good thing), no shower offered, out the door 2/3 the way through my time. A little disapointed but i enjoyed it. I think ill try her out again and next time ask about a shower before hand and get her to go for a second round.

Keep an eye out for my follow up!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review - I had been thinking of seeing Sarah myself.

I think sometime a whole hour booking is a waste of money cause when you get down to it the actually sex part for usually last about 30 to 40 mins and then the balance of the time is massage, talking or whatever.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th December 2011, 04:02 AM
Poster ID: lookingforfun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw her again about a couple of weeks ago, same deal as the first visit but worse. I'd recommend staying away.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th December 2011, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: jigy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for heads up...was half-thinking of seeing this w/l!


