Thread Title: Sasha  - East Perth - 0414 608 475
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2016, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Sasha  - East Perth - 0414 608 475
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 27 December 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414608475

Hours of Business : Vary

Rates : $100 45 minutes

Age : 35 to 40

Size/shape : Cuddly, not fat, with big boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : She says Malaysian, ad says mixed, looks middle eastern

Services Provided : Topless g-string sensual massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad

My experience/comments : Have been in Perth with my wife visiting my wifes friend for the past week, and as I declined their invitation to accompany them to Burswood casino, had some free punting  time. 
Jumped onto BP, Cracker, and Locanto and eventually found one close to our hotel in Hay street East Perth.
Sent a text to the number asking for location, rates etc and shortly after she responded with address, & cost.
Agreed on $100 45 minute massage and HJ.
Showered and walked down to the address she gave, which was 200 Hay street, but this was incorrect.
As I got to the address I was given I could see this could not be the place so I rang her. She askedvwhsypt I was wearing and she said she could see me and asked me to walk back along Hay street, then gave me the correct address with room number etc, and instructions on how to get to her floor.
I realised as soon as I was in her apartment with the view from her balcony that she could check out punters at the wrong address, then guide them in, very smart.
Anyway I declined her offer to shower as I did so in the hotel 15 minutes previously.
Pay the money, she goes into another room, comes out wearing only a very skimpy g-string and for the first time I could see how big her tits were, fantastic, with her body being nicely tanned all over.
She did a very sensual massage, one hand massaging as normal  with the other hand playing with bum crack, balls and cock, after dropping a small amount of oil down the bumcrack area, very nice.
This went on for more than 20 minutes and jersy junior was as hard as a rock.
She gets me turn over and starts a nice slow tug, gradually increasing the speed. I asked her to slow down but too late, I exploded all over her.
As she is doing the clean up we talk and it just so happens Sasha also works in Melbourne at Bodyline in Yarravile.
Not a bad session and I can recommend Sasha for those punters who prefer only a sensual massage with a big boobed lady.
She did cut the time short but no big deal to me others may not approve.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th February 2017, 12:47 AM
Poster ID: Sumguy85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers for the review.


