Thread Title: Sasha Mei - Perth - 0449 876 963
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th March 2011, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: sid
Post Title: 
 Sasha Mei - Perth - 0449 876 963
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sasha Maei

Establishment : Incall Burswood

Date of Visit: March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Sasha Mei Private Asian Perth Escort

Hours of Business: Call

Rates: $700 2 hrs

Age: 32

Size/shape: Slim, Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Massage, BJ, Sex in multiple positions, MSOG & Greek

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments:

Sasha was easy to contact & easy to deal with. 
She opened the door in her stockings, stilletto's & Bra. A wonderful sight.
A nice bottle of champagne, a good chat then into the room.
She was eager to please & had a great time. I would certainly go again.

I found Sasha to be natural, friendly, unrushed & very eager to please.
She was very attentive & basically drove the show. She certainly got involved & knew what she liked
& was certainlynot one who seemed to want to just go through the motions.
Not sure of the full set of services she provides but I was very happy with the BJ, MSOG, Greek, COB all included. 

Sid


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th July 2011, 06:42 PM
Poster ID: mitchx
Post Title: 
 Sasha - Burswood - 0449 876 963
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sasha

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Sasha Mei Private Asian Perth Escort

Hours of Business: Everyday

Rates: $250/30 minutes $400/Hour

Age: Mid 30's

Size/shape: 8

Stats: D Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided:

Value for money/recommend?: Yes if you like this kind of service

Review:

I was greeted at the door by Sasha in her fishnet body suit, which showed off her nice body and lovely enhanced tits with very long nipples, her face is average.

We sat down and had a talk, but my eyes keep creeping down to check out her tits and body. We then went to the bedroom where she undressed and proceeded to lick my balls and cock. Spanish was next followed by the main event with her doing Cow Girl, doggie style and missionary. She finished be off and I came all over her chest, which was nice to see all that cum over those large tits.

I found the experience a little mechanical, but Sasha is a very nice lady and 
made be feel very at-home and comfortable.

I don't think I would re-visit and at this stage have other ladies on my list I would see first.

If anyone has any recommendations of WL with large breasts it would be greatly appreciated.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th December 2013, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: Perthpunter69
Post Title: 
 Sasha Mei - Burswood WA - 0449 876 963
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha Mei

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 6/12/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 876 963

Hours of Business : 9am - 11pm Mon to Sat

Rates : $400/hr

Age : mid to late 30s

Size/shape : 8 / fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, massage, DATY, COB

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Saw Sasha's ad on PG and was immediately attracted by her enhanced "assets" and long legs. Got in touch via email and she was pretty prompt in responding. Booked for an hour. She works out of a nice apartment in Burswood. On the day, she texted me her apartment details and I made my way up.

Upon meeting her, it was pretty clear that she works out quite a bit - great body, and her tits were even bigger and better in person! She's not the prettiest woman, but not unattractive either. She is a really nice and pleasant person though, very genuine.

After a light refreshment, we made our way to the bedroom. Had a wonderful time.. She gave a great CBJ, I enjoyed DATY with her and sex in many positions, with DFK throughout. It was more a GFE session rather than a fast paced romp! Although I'm sure shed be up for it.

I finished with with COB and was very satisfied. She gave me a good message too. Next time I think I will l try her "greek" service which she offers as extra.

If you like tall Asian women with large breasts then I think you ll enjoy yourself with Sasha!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th December 2013, 03:53 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review PerthPunter69.

Here is Sasha Mei's PG page ( Sasha Mei Private Asian Perth Escort ),





			
				Sasha Mei - Asian Courtesan Perth
State: WA
City: Perth
Suburb: Burswood
Tours: No
Age: 32
Body: 8
Stats: 36" D cup
Height: 5'5"
Hair: Long silky black
Eyes: Brown
Email: Sasha
Mobile: 0449 876 963

SASHA MEI BEAUTIFUL PRIVATE ASIAN ESCORT PERTH

Your most friendliest sexy intelligent Asian babe that will keep you on your toes. Let Sasha make you feel like you're the only person in the world as she works her magic on your senses.

Touring and Overnight stays available - please inquire 

About Me

Thank you for taking the time to find out about me!!

Wouldn't you love to be touched and caressed all over?

Wouldn't you love to feel my soft lips and cool breath gliding all over your body?

WOULDN'T YOU?????

Welcome to Saha Mei's slice of Heaven, and oh what heaven can be once embraced in my arms.

I am a beautiful long legged slim asian courtesan who will pamper you and take you to places you haven't been before. Your desire is my desire. I want you to leave me fulfilled and spent and oh so happy. Does that express how I can serve you?

I'm like a playful puppy and love to tease and play with you using all my culinary skills of delighting you and bringing you to orgasm using my mouth, lips, tongue and soft caressing hands.

When my slim long legs wrap around you, you will be lost forever.

Lose yourself in my arms, enjoy my feather soft kisses and my passionate embraces with lots of cuddles and genuine tender affection. I love to kiss and make you feel like you're home. I have beautiful big brown nippled breasts which I think will impress you.

Why aren't you here NOW??

I provide many services, but some of my specials are deep throat and yummy ball stimulation. We all need something different. I love foot fetishes & my sexy feet love to be worshipped.

I am very down to earth and very happy and content with my life, what you see is what you get, no game playing for me. Let's just have fun and really enjoy ourselves. I also don't smoke or do drugs, so please don't offer me any.

I also regularly have a medical checkup so am very much in to covered sex and look after my health as well as yours.

I am not into rushing a service and charging too cheaply for the quality service I give so expect a great time and what you give out is what you get back. Respect is paramount.

Ever thought of a devine 2 girl pamper with 2 beautiful sexual exotic ladies ... well some fantasies can come true when you join myself, and my girlfriend in a devine 2 girl pamper or you can be really daring with a full bi-sexual rendevous with us, all fantasies can be reality. - dare to bare?? xoxox


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th July 2015, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: bismarck70
Post Title: 
 Sasha Mei Private Escort -  Perth - 0449 867 963
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Saha Mei

Establishment : Private Working Girl

Date of Visit : 12/6/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Girls  ph 0449867963 

Hours of Business : 9-11.00

Rates : 400hr  2501/2hr

Age : 35-40

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Indonesian)

Services Provided : Full service with anal (50 extra)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes excellent

My experience/comments : Sasha Mei works out of an apartment near Perths CBD. She is a slim asian lady with huge (DD) boobs and a some what older appearance (closer to forty than thirty). If you are looking for a young petite asian then I suggest you don't visit Sasha. Sasha is a very experienced working girl who has been in Perth for at least five years. Her service always starts with a sensual oil massage which feels great. Her blowjob is always covered and she loves sucking and licking the balls and is a deep throat expert. During this session I started with doggy and followed this with her on top. She has the greatest set of fake boobs I ever felt and on this occasion I finished with some spanish spraying her breasts with a large load. She also enjoys french kissing and anal(which I didn't do on this occasion) which is only $50 extra. She's a true gem who always does her best to please her clients. Highly recommended!


