Thread Title: Sexi-Lexi - Meadow Springs - 0468 485 404
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st February 2014, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: bumlovin
Post Title: 
 Sexi-Lexi - Meadow Springs - 0468 485 404
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Sexi-Lexi

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 28/12/2013 (Most Recent)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0468 485 404

Hours of Business: 24-7/Ring for availability

Rates: $200p/h +$200 for Greek/Anal

Age: Mature 45ish

Size/shape: Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Great Vaule and Recommended but definitely YMMV (read my comments!)

My experience/comments:

Hi all I have seen Sexi-Lexi a quite few times, but this is my first review on the site.

I'll start this review with a warning, this woman is a straight-up scatterbrain and she can be very hard to deal with. The worst part is she prefers not to text and so you have to talk to her on the phone, and well say one "wrong" thing and she can go psycho (and by wrong I simply mean anything that sets her off on any given day), and for outcalls she is hopelessly non-punctual.

I know all that does not exactly sound like a glowing endorsement (understatement of the year) and you may wonder why I would bother seeing her multiple times. The easy answer is she is a phenomenally great fuck. Spend just a moment or two to get her going and she is a squirting no-holes barred dynamo (Greek/Anal $200 extra), that you can honestly pound hard in any position to all your lusts content.

Lexi advertises her age as 39 although I think she is more like mid-40's, and is easy on the eye and has got a good slendy body for her age. Nice little perky tits, and if give them so good loving attention, you will get her so into gear and you will be very well rewarded. Her arse is her best asset in more ways then one! Funnily enough she doesn't really respond to/care too much for DATY, but fucking goes off with DATO, so if you like rimming a woman or sticking your tongue up her arsehole, but be prepared because she is a big squirter!

I have seen her both for outcalls and incalls. For outcalls be prepared for her not to come on time ever (an hour late is "good"), so incalls is much better if you're on a time table. She lives in/works out of is a nice big modern house in Meadow Springs, and is generally pretty clean though the bedroom and ensuite has looked like a bombzone a couple of times.

Bottom Line: This woman is a complete headcase, but she is easy enough on the eye and most importantly is one sensational fuck. If you can be bothered with dealing with being occasionally stuffed around (you will be) and a fair bit of bullshit (there will be) and don't mind more mature women, then you just may be in store for one of the best fucks of your life and takes an anal pounding like a champ. Like the old saying goes "crazy in the head, crazy in the bed."


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd February 2014, 01:24 AM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where is Meadow Springs?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd February 2014, 03:24 AM
Poster ID: bumlovin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just outside of Mandurah (reasonably far south of Perth).


