Thread Title: Sofia - Perth CBD - 0415 844 899
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th July 2015, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: hotevad
Post Title: 
 Sofia - Perth CBD - 0415 844 899
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : Private apartment (CBD-Perth)

Date of Visit : 29/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sofia ..beautifull and sexy xx - Perth escorts - backpage.com Phone 0415 844 899 

Hours of Business : 10am til late

Rates : $150 (45 mins FS)

Age : 24

Size/shape : 6, slim with nice breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FJ, BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, good value. Recommended.

My experience/comments : Having the previous day mixed up the appointment with Sofia and arriving for 11.30am, she said she wasn't available until 1.30pm, I was looking forward to my rendezvous this time.

I believe I was the first client for the day, as she was still drying her hair upon arrival. The apartment is the most central in the CBD, right next to Town Hall and was buzzed in to access one of the high level floors with a great view of the city. The door was open upon arrival and I was greeted by Sofia in a shirt and panties. Whilst she wasn't the one in the advertised picture she did look good so opted for 45 minute session (FS).

The apartment was very tidy and modern, with another girl also located here, but I did not see her at all - probably sleeping. Upon entering the bedroom I was offered a shower which I took whilst she continued drying her hair. After this I flung on the bed and gazed at her whilst putting on mood music and disrobing. Sofia has nice natural breasts (C cup) and is clean shaven with a petite body. Sofia commented on my strong body which is nice, but I am just a very tall solid build. She got to work initially sucking my nipples which felt great whilst I gently touched her up (all over) admiring her form. After a short while she moved on to a CBJ which was great as I had to try and refrain from blowing too early in the piece - a good feeling. I had to preserve myself for the main event.

After the CBJ, a quick change of rubber and she mounted reverse cowgirl (not my favourite but able to admire ass and form from behind), followed by missionary, doggy and finally cowgirl (my favourite). I had to keep changing positions to prolong the experience and she was most obliging. Her shaven pussy and natural boobs keeping me excited. She had a scar (caesarian probably) but I did not ask about it as it is no deal breaker for me given her tight taught body.

The Chinese cowgirl got me blowing, followed by another shower (and more blow drying..actual blow drying no pun intended). Back on the bed this time for a good shoulder and back massage (she had put panties and shirt back on) which was also quite good to finish of the 45 minutes. I was actually quite warm during this time due to humidity and finished with a final shower and touchup with Sofia.

I think I'll be back for this one. Highly recommended.


