Thread Title: Sophia - Tuart Hill, WA - 0420 384 737
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd September 2019, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: rendangbeef
Post Title: 
 Sophia - Tuart Hill, WA - 0420 384 737
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 5 August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Phone : 0420 384 737

Hours of Business : Text to arrange

Rates : $180ph

Age : Early to mid 20s

Size/shape : Curvy, about size 10-12ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian. Speaks good English.

Services Provided : Full service, bbj 30, cim 50, cof 40

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Making an appointment with Sophia is very easy, she responds to texts pretty fast. A few text messages back and forth and a booking is confirmed. Sophia works out of a small 2 bedroom apartment, there's a visitor parking outside where you can park, and seems inconspicuous enough, since its a apartment complex. Text her when you're parked, and she'd ask you to come to her unit. Knock her door and she'd greet you at the door. The place felt like your typical uni student apartment with a little mess here and there, but the bedroom itself is clean.

On my visit, I took a quick shower before coming back into the bedroom where the fun starts. She was on the bed wearing a little lingerie, inviting you to shut the door and join her in bed. A quick chat to break the ice, little light kissing and touching to warm up and we get down to business. First she cleaned my cock with a wet wipe, and swished on some mouthwash before taking it in her mouth. Let me tell you this girl loves to give head. BBJ was only a $30 extra, so I definitely recommend that. Her bed head is sturdy enough for you to sit on, so that you're on perfect height to receive head comfortably if you prefer to sit up and watch from above. I have what you'd call a pretty average sized cock at 6", and she could take it all down without gagging. She let me facefuck her too, though not TOO roughly.

The sex itself was pretty good, we did missionary, doggy and cowgirl, nothing too crazy, although I must admit, I did enjoy the BJ more. So I asked her to finish me off with her mouth, which she did, with ease. I busted all over her tits. She then helped me clean up. By this time, I still had some time left on my booking, Sophia happily offered if I'd like a massage until the time is up, which I happily agreed to - and it was a pretty good massage too. Once the time is up, I washed up and said my goodbyes.

I would happily go back for more especially considering that her rate isn't overly expensive. If you're looking to get the "pornstar experience", this girl probably isn't for you, she's not the wild type. But she definitely makes you feel wanted, and will take care of you while making you feel comfortable, without rushing you.

TL;DR - Good BJ, no rush, not expensive, easy parking and discrete access.


