Thread Title: Sophia May - Perth - AdultWork reply only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th March 2012, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Sophia May - Perth - AdultWork reply only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia May

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :   March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : AdultWork.com - Adult Service Providers & Erotic Content - Escorts, Webcammers, SMS & Phone Chat/Sex, Movies, Galleries & Auctions under WA Escorts Sophia May

Ad reads:





			
				-SOPHIA MAY- 
'Im adorable with a sweet mature personality and an  affectionate manner. i have very flawless features, my fantastic body  with curves in all the right places make me totally irresistible,
I am youthful, fresh and delicately seductive, with alot of energy and enthusiasm' 


I  have brunette hair brown dark beedroom eyes and an amazing slim body  (size 6-8). A smile to die for. Im friendly and very easy to get along  with, You will probably find it very hard to find another young girl as  open and friendly as myself although i'm very open what i do is still  completley discreet. I have a great personality,I love talking but I'm  also a good listener. Personally I love my sense of humour, it's  different . Some people call me crazy but I'm not it's just in my  nature. I have a European background but I was born and raised in Perth.  

What I do is a VERY big secret! So too keep things low key I only do Outcalls. 

I don't have any photos of myself because of the risks of people In my personal life seeing them! 
If  you are interested in getting to know a bit more about me and want to  see some photos send me a message with your email and questions and I  can email you. 
100% genuine !! 
I love getting sexy
I love looking sexy
But most of all I LOVE sex. 
It's a very Important part of life and i feel sorry for anyone who doesn't get any.
I have an amazing time every time so don't miss out on some playtime with me.
you wont be dissapointed. I promise  
I  offer a girlfriend experience. You will experience the delights of  kissing, cuddling and lots of pleasure while being wraped around my  luscious pair of legs. 

Let me come and join you in your hotel or  clean discreat home, what would be better than a beautiful horny sex  goddess, turning up at your door to keep that boredom away, i can asure  you that i'm breathtaking beautiful ......

Services: 
Affectionate Kissing 
Cuddling and Touching 
Mutual Masturbation
Variety of Positions
Mutual French 
Toys (if requested)
GFE
Sexy Lingerie 
Dinner Dates 
Overnight dates

For Extras please ask. 

Sorry Guys...
I  DONT DO Greek!!, i love being bend over in the shower(doggystyle!),  treated like nothing but a beautiful princess... i love to be teased to  the point where i need to put you inside me or i wont be a happy young  lady  i also love to be licked out. I can give amazing hand & head  jobs, Although head jobs arnt my fav thing in the book to do! i still  do it because i understand and imagine how fantastic it must feel when i  see the faces on my awsome clients! & they are worth it because  they vaule my time ! .. not to forget my SKILLS 

have an amazing day or night gentalmen...
open to any questions so dont hesitate to send me a message to ask! 
i look forward to being your next & BEST addiction you have come across yet!! 
Dont miss out...

Sophia May xx                         

It  is not really necessary for me to try and persuade you into seeing me  when I can guarantee that I am 100% the “real deal”. 


 
Hours of Business :    Not sure

Rates : $350 / hour

Age : 18

Size/shape : Slim Italian girl with nice breasts, a little too skiny which has deflated the breast and butt is a tad saggy.... Sad for such a youngin.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK, FS Missionary, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Better than some, but not really...... 

My experience/comments : 

So I reached out to sophia may who responded with her number and sent me some photos of herself via email. She is an attractive young girl. 

Sophia May turned up wearing a tiny little dress that showed off her slim curvy figure well. She has a nice bust in proportion to the rest of her and a really sweet smile and manner. She was a joy to talk to but that's where it stops.

To the bedroom we went. She lay on her back and did nothing... just lay there and talked. We kissed for a bit, then i did a bit of DATY... she seemed bored with this which didn't give me a good feeling... her mind was obviously on other things like the clock. 

She grabbed the dom and rolled it on. We started to fuck in missionary which was really nice. She has a tight pussy..... the DFK stopped there because she was squeemish about the taste of her vagina on my lips?! WTF?! 

I continued to pound her in missionary with her legs bent up for a while. She is lovely but hey she was somewhere else while I fucked her... I got bored with this quickly so I went back down for some more DATY... she has a lovely pussy with some nice lips and a cute little clit..... Anyway, she asks me if I've cum to which I reply that I didn't... she then tells me to hurry up because it's time.... So I stuck my cock back in her and fucked her til I cum.... 

The End of this boring story!!!

Afterwards, she asked me what I was doing..... I didn't want to tell her that I was going to go off and have a wank to compensate for the lack lustre fuck I just had as I didn't want to hurt her feelings.... So I replied with something else... 

So, I would recommend her to anyone that likes really young inexperienced girls that are lazy and prefer to do as little as possible and rely purely on their youthful appearances to excite you. If you like that, throw in the starfish bit and you've got yourself a potential match in heaven!

It certainly wasnt the experience I was expecting.........


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th March 2012, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Direct link:

AdultWork.com - Adult Service Providers & Erotic Content - Escorts, Webcammers, SMS & Phone Chat/Sex, Movies, Galleries & Auctions


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st April 2012, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: wizzo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for taking one for the team, Solution.
Sophia May's ad certainly sounds promising, so I'm sorry to hear she provided a starfish experience. Perhaps she's still new to the game and may improve with time?!? The only part of the ad that might have been a clue is where she states "head jobs arnt my fav thing in the book to do!" and as your review does not mention if there was any bbbj or even cbj, I take it she managed to avoid it altogether.
At around the same price & age, you would have been better off booking Belle (aka Nadine Lacroix), even tho I must say I haven't heard much of her since late last year.
Good luck for next time.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th October 2014, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Solution


.
.
So, I would recommend her to anyone that likes really young inexperienced girls that are lazy and prefer to do as little as possible and rely purely on their youthful appearances to excite you. If you like that, throw in the starfish bit and you've got yourself a potential match in heaven! ..
"""



Thank you for your valuable report Solution.

Worth comparing the experience with Sophie May's rather hot advertisement.

Note there is no phone number. Contact is only via her AdultWork page.

Certainly the ad is nothing like the experience.


