Thread Title: Spicy Cayenne - www.spicy-escort.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th August 2011, 04:15 AM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: 
 Spicy Cayenne - www.spicy-escort.com
				
Post Content: 
Romantic Weekend Rendezvous of Pure Indulgence
With the Spicy Nuru Pamperess


The chat room is indeed a great idea. It has put me in contact with some wonderful people. But none more so than Spicy Cayenne. After many wonderful late night conversations with Spice, it was just ment to be that we were going to have some fantastic times together so dates were set for our naughty rendezvous.

What initially started out as an overnight booking eventually turned into a whole weekend package of romance and pure indulgence. As I really needed a break from Melbourne, it was decided to make our way north to "get away from it all" With a destination decided, away we go.

When first meeting her, I was feeling pretty casual....until the last few minutes before actually seeing her for the first time. My heart was thumping in my chest, as anxiety was setting in, but with a deep breath, I bit the bullet and just said "hi"....and laughed. It was as if we had known each other for ages and the first time we spoke face to face, and shared that laugh, we were as old friends, comfortable with each other right from the start. She really has an exotic look to her. She greeted me with a big smile and a warm hug in a beautiful tight black dress, really enhancing her natural beauty and curvy shape. I was indeed a happy man right now. She is gorgeous. One thing that really had me mesmerized right from that first moment was her eyes. They seemed to change colour with her surroundings, I could just stare into them for hours. She had me enchanted, and I was struggling to not get carried away..... She is extremely easy to get along with. She is highly educated but at the same time, just natural and easy going. She is indeed easy to talk to, and carries a conversation with ease.

Our first night, we venture out for dinner at a popular restaurant, and share fine food and wine, and just enjoy each others company. When arriving back, a comfortable silence between us is broken as we fall into each others arms. The passion between us is just electric. Our kissing became more and more intense as our clothes got strewn around the room. I glide down her body, biting and kissing her all over, I go down on her and taste her fine nectar. She is quite vocal about what she likes, and im sure im not the only one hearing her.... wow she does go off.....hehe

She pushes me back into the bed as she begins gliding over my body. Biting and licking me from neck to toe. As I enter her mouth, the sensation it just incredible. While sucking, she strokes with a twisting action, having me on the edge right from the get go. She skilfully keeps me there, seeming to be connected to me and knowing how far to go. Before I think I can take no more, she glides up on me and begins riding me in cowgirl, slowly at first getting deeper and deeper. Her wetness is thorough. She grinds deep and hard. The look on her face is becoming full of lust as I pound her from below, thrusting deeper and deeper while biting and licking her nipples. She is now going off, im sure we arnt the only ones that can hear her. As the urgency builds, it is becoming way to much for me and I reach the point of no return and shudder and groan. And with a last thrust, blow like a man possessed.

We spend the following few hours smothering each other, as we pamper and pleasure, learning what really gets us going and exploring our wild sides.

The rest of the evening is much like this, teasing, playing, massaging. Her massage skills are incredible, and very difficult to describe. She has a skill that seems to be past down from generation to generation, It is something that cant be learned, Its like she was drawing from hundreds of years of experience. Of course, I have my turn pampering the Pamperess, and She has named me a tranquilizer after I spent the best part of a few hours with a lingering massage, relaxing her to the point of pure bliss. We curl up in each others arms and drift away into a few hours of blissful slumber, both content with our efforts.......



The following day, we head out for lunch and enjoy the day, and just cruise through the day casually. When we get back, we fool around for a while, as would be expected. Then we just cuddle and relax, both feeling the effects of not much sleep As im gently massaging her, we both doze off, content to just be there. As dinner time arrives, I head out for some simple take away..... fish n chips.

On my return, I find that Spicy has been busy preparing the "playground" for the nights adventures. The Nuru sheet is in place, there are candles and light effects, and some incredible smells emanating from the room. Seems sending me out to get take away was a ploy for her to do all this while I was out....and she greets me with that infectious smile......hehehe

With dinner out of the way, Spicy leads me to the bathroom, and to where those incredible smells are coming from. It really did smell soothing. It was a custom mix of oils and fragrance in the bathwater. The room is flooded with lighting effects and tea lights, with soothing music playing. We climb into the bath and the feeling was sensational. It really seemed like a fountain of youth, actually a Fusion Aromatherapy Bubble Bath, as we soaked. She smothered me with attention, caressing and soothing me. We stayed in there for the best part of an hour and I could feel the stresses of life draining away. Exiting the bath, it was obvious to me that this bath had some amazing effects on me. I felt like I had been reborn as the years seemed to be drained away from me. I really could see the difference in the mirror....

Next up was foot works and Vodka facial. She used a mix of Japanese seaweed sea salts and other custom products that she had prepared. It was spread over my feet first and scrubbed into them. It feels very rough at first but can feel it taking its effect. There are quite a few stages to this treatment and while waiting for one of the last treatments to dry, she starts on my face. She exfoliate my face, making sure im keep still. Then the mask goes on and I really need to keep still so as it doesn't crack while drying. I can smell th vodka in her ingredients as she smoothes my face with a number of her products. I can feel my paws opening to accept this treatment Back to the feet now, which are ready for the final steps and pedicure. Once she had finished with them, they seemed to be like new, shinier, cleaner and smoother than they have ever been. It still now feels amazing. By now the face mask has dried completely, so the time had come toremove it. It is truly an amazing feelingbut I was amazed there was still another stage to go. A rehydration mask is applied, and smoothed into place, which felt incredebily soothing. After a time, that too was ready to remove, and finally Lines Filler and Oxy Booster was applied and I did indeed feel like a new man. Then it was onto the body scrub. Custom made rock salt/seaweed seasalt and vodka sugar mix was applied, this time to my back, Butt and legs. She scrubs it into my skin and with the use of other products that smell like coconut, smooths it into my skin. I turn and she doesthe same to my front. Wow, what a feeling. It really felt amazing, as she lovingly attended to my needs as she worked away on me. This was the first time in my life I had been treated to such an experience and the effect was obvious. I really looked and felt younger. I couldnt believe that it would have been possible. Im now a believer in the ways of her art.

We return to the shower and she rinses and washes me, soothing my new skin, preparing me for the next step of Indulgence. Nuru

Now, I have experienced Nuru before, but this was something special. Something different. Something unique. The feeling of her gel was second to none. The effect enhanced by the treatments I had already undergone. My skin was offering no resistance. It was incredibly slippery. She has an amazing performance during her Nuru treatment which really has to be experienced to be fully appreciated. She has amazing hands and as she applies the nuru, the feeling is amazing. She has me close to the edge time and time again, and im still face down!! She body slides from foot to head....from head to foot, using many unique tricks to enhance the slides. When i think I can take no more, she gets me to turn over. She drips the Nuru all over me as she stands above me, pouring it from her body to mine, and using more unique techniques, like spider webs etc which are an amazing site to behold. All I can say is this just has to be experienced first hand to truly appreciate the effect.... just amazing. She starts back with the body slides, an amazing feeling to say the least. As she slides around she seems fully prepared to move onto the next stages. Prep is essential for this kind of thing. I am rock hard as she slides over me, stroking and rubbing. She takes me in her mouth but I really cant take much more of this, as the build up has been extremely intense. She moves into cowgirl again and begins riding me. Considering the slipperiness, she has amazing balance as she doesn't miss a beat as she rides me. All the time, she has a lustful expression on her face as she is really enjoying it, constantly looking at us in the mirror watching me enter her over and over. The noise we are making probably would have had a few nearby people worried. Pretty soon, I cant take anymore as I blow my load, without her missing a beat, draining every last bit from me. I lie her back and continue pleasuring her, as she watches us in the mirror, getting louder and louder until she explodes into what has o be her biggest orgasm of the weekend. My god she was going off, gyrating and thrusting. I was almost suffocating between her legs as she clamped down on my head. WOW!!!!

After we get our breath back, we head back into the shower to clean up again. Both with pretty huge smiles on our faces!! We give the room a quick once over and clean up all the Nuru sheets etc.

Time was really getting away from us as we are now in the wee hours of the morning. It seems like we wont be sleeping tonight. I can already see the sun coming up. We share some red bull and a strong coffee to keep our energy levels up.

As we curl up on the bed again, still glowing from the prior hours, we gently stroke each other. Spicy still has one final massage for me but I have one in mind for her too. I am getting more confident with my skills on her. She believes I have a natural talent with my hands. She lies down and I begin another lingering sensual massage which has her groaning and moaning. Im changing between lingering to firm massage, going all about her body, from head to toes. Im leaving no part of her alone.

As much as she is just loving this, she really wants to give me one final massage. The hot oil comes out, another custom mix that she spent a couple days cooking prior to coming. She slides it all over my back and the scent just smelt incredible. I can still smell it on me now. She gives me a hard massage that just puts me into a world of relaxation. She really works on my back, particularly my spine and neck. Im sure if she kept it up, I would have been asleep in no time.

But all good things must come to an end. We need to get going soon as I need to get her to the airport for her flight home, and there was still a couple hrs drive to go. So more coffee and red bull, as we do the last few things, like packing everything getting ready to check out.



Well, it has been an experience that I will never forget and one that I will defiantly repeat. Spicy Cayenne is by far the most amazing woman I have met, with more to offer than I would have thought possible.

I do indeed feel lucky to have spent the weekend with her. It is normally only reserved for people she has already had bookings with, but we have spent a lot of time chatting and over time have gotten to know each other quite well and have developed a repour.



Ruprect


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2011, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ahhh monkey boy. Quite a review. You are giving Danielle Steel a run for her money in the romance stakes!
Did you have the normal gel or the expensive stuff? May I ask the damage for this escapade?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th August 2011, 12:12 AM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was the Gold Niuru mate... Wow.... its amazing stuff. Actually had Gold flakes through it..... Its a custom blend she makes....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th August 2011, 02:26 AM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gold Flakes? sounds like Special K... for breakfast... Kelloggs... LOL


