Thread Title: Stella - Perth - 0421 463 845
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th March 2015, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Stella - Perth - 0421 463 845
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Stella

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto 

0421 463 845

Hours of Business : flexible 

Rates : $450 per hour

Age : 26

Size/shape : petite size 8 with enhanced fake breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : ear bashing okkerness, FS , Anal extra, NO kissing.

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments: 
It pains me to write a not so great review AGAIN. I was going to write a good one for another girl recently but she retired before my second visit and a review would be pointless. 

I have observed this phenomenon with a few girls lately. And that is that they think that if they are attractive that can just be pretty starfishes and that is all that is required ... Stella fits this mould unfortunately. 

Stella was found on Locanto. Sounded fun on the phone and I decided to book her .... Stella really tries hard to accommodate her clients offered a beverage on arrival. She looked good although she was a bit scattered and exhibited some signs of an artificially heightened state if you get my drift.... 

After a drink and a chat on the couch it was becoming more apparent that I was visiting "shazZa" the bogan party girl and she was trying to be princess Arabella. I thought she was a tad fake and insecure in this regard but figured her service would have to be awesome once we got into it - I was wrong... 

Stella disappeared and fussed over outfits to wear.. I was waiting standing around holding my dick wondering what I was waiting for... We made no prior arrangements to outfits and I wasn't there for a fashion parade. Out she came in a full body crotchless body suit which looked good hugging her tight petite physique - but worth the wait ? No..... She continued to fuss around , looking at other outfits , looking at porn on her laptop, visiting the toilet .... I felt that time was ticking and nothing was happening ... Ok so finally she is pinned down on the bed ... Oral lasted less than 60 seconds and was fucking terrible ... Sex was awkward and she was like a rigid ironing board .... The whole experience was pointless. 

Maybe she gets better with repeat business or maybe we just didn't click. She looked cute but I am quite reluctant to visit again. She appeared to be a messed up soul in a messed up place doing this work for the wrong reasons.


