Thread Title: Swallow - Perth - 0477 072 935 SMS only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2014, 02:34 AM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: 
 Swallow - Perth - 0477 072 935 SMS only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Uhh nt sure. But her ads is in locanto and she is a milf who has hugee tits and good at BJ

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: hmm this was recently, maybe a month ago..

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: her number is 0477 072 935, though dont call.. Just text

Hours of Business: Depends on her. but I think around 8-6pm or 7

Rates:$50

Age:Mature

Size/shape: Glass hour as I remember, but her tits is what distracts me haha

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: BJ, Swallow (There are restriction, but she told me that she only tells restriction when clients gets there, Money reture if client decide to back down and leave)

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, but initially it was a bit off putting. I'll tell u why later.

My experience/comments: Ok, I initially texted her, as always she only wants text and no calls. Then I get reply a bit late, so she didnt seemed to reply quick or she was with client. dont know. Any way, what she does is asked you to go to the street, and text her when u get there. Once she confirms, she will give you her number address, and u come. I was a bit unhappy at this time, cos she was late to reply, and later to reply AGAIN when I get there. Waited for almost 30 min in the car. So wasnt a good experience at the start. But waited any way, cos I wanted to try her at least once. 

Any way, when I get in the house, she asked me wash myself (Down there) with water and soap. and then dry myself with towel (didnt use towel and used my clothes. Not sure if they towel is clean since its not folded nicely as how u usually get urs for FS with higher price).
Any way, I cashed up the 50s and then she ask me this restriction for swallow (sry cant tell ya, not good for her business, but honestly most people are ok). Any how, I said ok, so she asked me to sit and make myself comfortable. Took my pants, and started to lick around the balls and tip of my penis. My little brother is gettin bigger already, and then she swallow it whole. Man that felt good, and she kept doing that for a while. And then she took our her boobs, and damn its big. And shows it off a bit and started suckin again. And once I get close, she sucked harder and then BANG, she shot it in, and she didnt stop for a break and keep on suckin and swallowin. Oh man that felt sooo good after the long wait.

Conclusion, if u wanna go here. Make sure u are patient, cos sometimes she have many clients. Second, maybe its not as clean as other higher priced place (200+ place with expensive rentals). But if u can take all that in, its worth it a try at least once. Especially if u dont get ur cum swallowed a lot. I would go and have a try.

Hope u enjoy and please tell us ur experience if u went or if u have any questions if u wanna go. have fun and be safe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2014, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats the link to her web in locanto.
Milf is here to serve the men of Perth, East Victoria Park - Image #1


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th May 2014, 05:24 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto ad text,

" Milf is here to serve the men of Perth - 43

Crazy dirty fun looking to have cocks shoved in my mouth
Soo deep that I am gagging
Your hardness will turn me on your cream will quench my thirst
I am hungry for cum

Best BJ on offer and the best 50 you will spend
100% pics are genuine
Extras discussed face to face
Don't ask for face pics
Be patient with me I receive over 1000 sms a day
Sms 0409239264"


