Thread Title: Unknown - Melville - 0406 183 975
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th January 2012, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: brad86
Post Title: 
 Unknown - Melville - 0406 183 975
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sorry Guys not sure of her name- but I have her Advert below

Establishment : Palmyra/Melville

Date of Visit : Late Oct

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Girlfriend Experience, Blonde, Mature, Discreet, Fun - Melville | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

$200 per hour. 

Long blonde hair, blue eyes, nice size 12 figure and all-natural 36E bust. Kissing, mutual french, and spanish. Affectionate and responsive. I haven't had children, so am still firm and tight. Soft skin, real breasts. 

Palmyra. 

Please phone rather than email. 

Hours of Business :  Not sure

Rates : $200 per hour. 

Age : Appears to be in her 40's/50's

Size/shape : Size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : I wouldnt go again....

My experience/comments : 

Fellow Punters, I was on cracker moments ago and I saw this Ad.
Now I paid this lady a visit last year and she was stopping as she was getting evicted for her occupation..
Now notice the pictures are of a smoking hot woman... Dont be fooled. Similar to the review of the other mature lady Elise. FYI Im a 25yo guy, so when I came to the Door she was a little alarmed and said I wasnt the normal type of guy she serviced, I walked into a house that was clear she was relocating, she had just finished a cigarette and was in the middle of listerine mouthwash as I was handing over my hard earned money.....
On with the story. 
So we go into the room and I'll be honest I wasnt feeling very turned on, but didnt have the heart to walk out like some have. So we strip off no special sexy clothing worn by her, and its all removed in one hit. Laying in the bed Cuddling and kissing, she was very patient and her mind was elsewhere. Never the less got a condom out and tried to give me a CBJ, (like I said not overly turned on), I ended up sucking her tits and wanking to get a hard on. Once I got hard I jumped on top of the star fish and banged her missionary. After that there was still 20mins left so ended up just laying there chatting. If you want to spend $200 to chat to a nice lady well shes your woman, but that will be the last time I see someone without a face pic or a recommendation by fellow punters.

Guys be careful.


