Thread Title: Vanessa - Perth - 0478 737 872
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 02:05 AM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: 
 Vanessa - Perth - 0478 737 872
				
Post Content: 
Date of Visit: It was a few months back

Name: Vanessa

Website: Vanessa - Private Escort in Perth 
Vanessa Perth Escort    (photos on both are her, but are very flattering)

Age / Size / Shape: mid 30's, 10-12, wide across the hips.

Ethnicity: Caucasian

State: WA

Private or Establishment: Private, in Glendalough when I saw her.

Hours of Business: See website, 09:00 - 22:00 weekdays, 10:00 - 22:00 weekends.

Rate: $200 for 30min, $300 per hour.

The Meeting: 

• We agreed on a time and she was ready at that time.
• The website photos are her, but are extremely flattering when compared to the real person.
• Her hair was greasy, and the apartment was generally pretty grubby.

Services provided: 

• Full Service
• Massage
• CBJ

Overall:  2/10

She looked quite attractive on her website. When I arrived at her place it struck me as a [COLOR="#FF0000"][**Inappropriate reference removed. BAB**][/COLOR], with cigarette burn marks on the floor and bedding. Her hair was really greasy and that's a real turn off for me. I see that as a lack of personal hygiene, particularly in a profession where looks and first impressions are so important. I agreed to stay for 1/2 an hour. I stripped off and lay face down on the bed. She gave me a really shabby massage for about 10 minutes. I rolled over and was aghast. She was NOT pretty. She was quite flabby with stretch marks all over her belly. She was broader across the hips than her website suggested and her titties were like Spaniel's ears. They just hung straight down. She lay along side me and starting stoking the little guy. He was nearly as unimpressed as myself. In the end I just finished the session with the handjob. I didn't encourage her to do any CBJ or FS. I just wanted to leave.

Value for money  No. Steer well clear.

Will I go back?  Not in this lifetime.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"Spaniel's ears" - lmfao........wow, greasy hair, flabby with large hips n stretch marks, she sounds like one to steal well clear of and all that for only $300!!! 
Thanks for the review.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: snug_gles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yowsers...

Thanks Callas... taking one for the team... perhaps next time don't select a WL who's got lingerie across their mid-section or waist/hips... then again... you might just get a switcheroo....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th April 2012, 01:18 PM
Poster ID: serenity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's why she is 300 per hour i guess


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th April 2012, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: Sensuality
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is work that bad for you that you need to write fake reviews bagging out other girls.
I don't know what it is you have against me but if your even half a women, why don't you just call me and tell me what it is ?
Anyone that knows me, will know I don't take drugs, I take great pride in the state of my workplace and approach my
business professionally and with great enjoyment! 
there are also some technical details in the review that are just plain wrong but then again
as this person never actually saw me, they wouldn't know that would she 

A closer look at Ip's might be interesting


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th May 2012, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This will be my last post on this topic. 
I just want to assure readers that I am not a disgruntled fellow WL and that the post accurately reflects my experiences on the day. I understand that this may be distressing to Vanessa, but I feel my obligations are to the truth, albeit a subjective truth, rather than any other considerations. 
I specifically didn't suggest that Vanessa was a drug user. The inapproprate reference, removed by BAB, was a poorly chosen description by myself. 
Vanessa had a nice enough personality, but my needs on this day were physical rather than emotional and in that respect I was disappointed.
Thankyou.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th May 2012, 01:56 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hear hear callas ! You are a respected contributor to the forum and your experiences have been conveyed accurately and have reflected my own. Enough said!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 19th May 2012, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: Sensuality
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Really ? I'm a fairly reasonably level headed person but yeah this back patting crap,
doesn't cut it.
I still stand by my view,  I have reason to believe this review is false.
Anyone who's visited my place, 'knows'....smoking is not permitted inside and so the comment
that cigarette burns on the bedding and carpet is just a joke
and as for the rest of the comments in this review, just plain mean.

I've been in this industry long enough to know that if a person is a well respected contributor
to forums like this, thats not enough proof to validate their claims, members have their favourites and 
would happily do what it takes to support the girl's they visit, by defaming another worker !!

its a damn shame my lovely regs don't indulge the
forums cause they have been more than happy with me, my place and my service.

I will pose one question, do you think its possible that if a person was trashing a place to
the extent explained in this review, that they would be able to hold the lease for
over 2yrs ?  Not in today's market, rental's are competitive,  you'd be
booted like a shot !!  
So yeah I kinda have my doubts about the validation of this review.
I also keep a pretty close eye on my records so I do know who visited on what days and when.
Quite happy to confirm either way ?


Floor: #9
Post Time: 22nd May 2012, 03:29 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
NOt wishing to get involved into a shooting war, but its almos impossible to kick tennants out as long as they pay the bill irrespective of damage its a drawn out tedius process. Also if you are so confidnet in who you are just update the photos. I looked and they do hide your packages if you are so proud of them flaunt them and you can easily put this mess to sleep.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 22nd May 2012, 03:47 PM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
can we please move on and keep this thread for reviews of Vanessa?

Thanks in advance


Floor: #11
Post Time: 26th June 2012, 06:27 PM
Poster ID: robby_john
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was lucky enough to see Vaness about a year ago, she is a fantastic kisser and very sexy woman. I often lose the fun after the dom goes on, but she managed to keep me hard through BJ and full service, thanks Vanessa!!


Floor: #12
Post Time: 29th June 2012, 02:22 AM
Poster ID: Sensuality
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you robby  I aim to please and make sure those pesty neccessary dom's don't get in the way of the fun of sex xxxx


