Thread Title: Victoria Duvel - Perth -  0449 166 616
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th March 2011, 01:35 AM
Poster ID: Bubbles
Post Title: 
 Victoria Duvel - Perth -  0449 166 616
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Devil

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: Mid Dec 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.privategirls.com.au/devil.php 0449 166 616

Hours of Business: "available from 9/10am in the mornings until NOT so late"

Rates:

Half Hour $250
45- Min $300
1 Hour $350
2 Hour $650
5 Hours $1200

Age: 35

Size/shape: An anthletic size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Kiwi

Services Provided: Mutual masturbation, oral and sex.

Value for money/recommend?: No.

My experience/comments: Images on her website were drastically enhanced (she has since updated with a new set)

I was quite looking forward to the "turbo squirting" service she offered (which is included in the full service of which I paid for) but unfortunately when I asked of this service she said it makes too much of a mess and she would have to set up for it - so I never got to experience it.

We agreed on mutual masturbation and she said I could play with her clit, unfortunately for me, 10 seconds is all I would get as it was "too sensitive"

For those of you who like anal play stimulation (not for me!) you will be pleased to know she has somewhat of a fetish for it, constantly fondling my package with "wandering" fingers. She also has a "gladwrap surprise" (I can only imagine) service which she tried to coax me into.

On the plus side, she was very clean, cleanly shaven and loved to kiss and be kissed.

Oh, and one more thing, I think the clock she uses is a little fast if you catch my drift.

Obviously from my review I had a bad experience with Devil. If you have not yet seen her (whether you intend to or not) please don't go solely off my experience, read other reviews or just go ahead and see her. Remember, we are all different and I'm sure somebody out there thinks the world of her.

Thankyou.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th March 2011, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: Mike28
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw 'Devil' a year or so ago & was underwhelmed with the experience.
The 'gladwrap surprise' is going down on her, with glad wrap over her 'best bits'
Didn't float my boat & a but too 'business-like'...multiple mobile phones, etc.
Plenty better out there - happy shopping!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th March 2012, 04:26 AM
Poster ID: Mike28
Post Title: 
 Mistress Victoria Duvel
				
Post Content: 
She is a 'Tour de Force' in the world of erotic fantasy!

Having had a number of sessions with her over 6 months, it just get's better.  We exchange texts, where she get me to describe the role play scenario.  Upon calling her secure apartment, we are already into it! Then once we are 'role playing', Victoria's ability to read the mood & take it further is perfect.  There is an unending supply of toys + most suggestions (fire & ice, tie & tease, sensory deprivation +++) are very well accomodated.  Much more than this goes on...the electrical play is the best I've ever enjoyed!

Private Escort

She is a pleasure to be with & makes your fantasy seems just normal.

Enjoy Mistress Victoria as soon as you can, but don't get in the way of my bookings :-)


