Thread Title: Yumiko - South Perth - 0420 651 133
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th July 2011, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: 
 Yumiko - South Perth - 0420 651 133
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumiko

Establishment :  Private address, Mill Point Rd, South Perth, WA

Date of Visit :  10/07/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Escorts : hot Thailand student Yumiko@ South Perth

Hours of Business :   09:00 - late 

Rates :  $120 / 30 min, $170 / 60 min

Age :  Ad claims 20, more like 40 in my book.

Size/shape :  5'8, slim, maybe a C cup, flabby tum (looked post kids to me)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ad says Thailand, she said Hong Kong

Services Provided : massage, cbj, fs.

Value for money/recommend? :  Negative

My experience/comments : 
It had been a while and I was feeling rather toey. Checked the BC website and saw Yumiko's ad. The photo is of a very busty, pale skinned young lady.

I arrived to be greeted by 'Yumiko' who ushered me into a clean enough room. I opted for the 30 min deal. She helped me undress then I took a quick shower. The shower was clean enough but there was no soap to wash with. I'd already showered about 40 min before so I wasn't too fazed.

I went back to the room and 'Yumiko' re-apperared after about another 5 min.  I laid down and there was a distinct odour of male sweat on the towel, which I found a bit off-putting. When she took off her dress, it was pretty obvious that this wasn't the advertised 'Yumiko'. This lady had to be 40, breast were fairly saggy ang her belly was truly flabby, looking like she'd probably dropped a few kiddies.

Her English was at best rudimentary. She pretty much answered 'Ya' to everything that I said to make conversation. I rolled over for the back massage. The masssage was really average. There was no flow and didn't feel good. It probably didn't help that her hands were like welder's gloves. They were really rough and hard.

She asked me to roll over for 'Sucky'. The cbj was awful. The lips barely touched the little fella and the little time that they did was remarkaby un-stimulating.

'You wanna fuck me?' was our next little pearl of conversation. She climbed aboard in cowgirl and mechanically rode back and forth until I was finished. The feeble attempt at a fake orgasm as I was finishing really didn't add to the experience. 

I was offered another shower, but by now my enthusiasm had plateaued out on empty, so I dressed and left. She escorted me to the door and tried to kiss me goodbye, but the old boxing training kicked in, and I managed to easily slip that punch.

Overall: Genuinely crap experience.  1.5/10  Avoid at all cost


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th July 2011, 12:39 AM
Poster ID: ggg4m3
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think most of the ads for this address (Mill Point) are pretty sus, had a similar experience loooong ago with a girl named Micky (I think).


