Thread Title: Yumi - West Morley - 0449 518 378
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th May 2012, 08:36 AM
Poster ID: Teejay
Post Title: 
 Yumi - West Morley - 0449 518 378
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Julie (and friends) 0449 518378

Establishment :   Private  Home on Walter Road West, Morley (Part of the kitty10258 stable on BC)      

Date of Visit :   May 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   Morley WA : Busty Japanese house wife Julie 34years old@Morley

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates  $120 half an hour/ $150 for 45 mins/$170 for 1 hour

Age :   Advertised as 34 - but lady I saw was mid 20's

Size/shape :   4

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Japanese vs. Taiwanese?

Services Provided :  Shower for 2, body slide, oil boob massage, passionate french kiss, hot spicy oral sex. Fantasies available. 

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes

My experience/comments : The ad suggested smaller/private operation and slightly more mature lady which was what I was happy with. Young receptionist answered (my private number with held) with excellent English. Arrived to non-descript home with terrible parking on a main road (you have choice of verge or driveway behind earlier punters still there??). Parked in shopping centre car park a couple of hundred metres away and walked back. Met by the receptionist - young student with glasses - pretty but obviously there for her language skills than anything else. As I walked in, 2 other girls - both dressed normally - one with larger bust who I took to the lady in the ad (older but quite fuckable).
Receptionist apologised that girls were busy?? and would I mind having a massage first with one girl and then I can have sex with another? Sure - why not I said. Paid for my 30 minutes and into a bedroom with young girl who was friendly and attentive but VERY limited Engrish. Massage was OK, bit of tickle here and there. I could hear the "sex girl" moaning while some other punter next door was doing his best and started thinking about massage vs sex ratio left on my 30 min clock. After a knock on the door to tell them to finish next door, the sex girl went to have her shower, and then comes in 25 minutes into my 30 minute slot and I am getting ready to turn up the volume control. Standing in front of me was this porcelain doll, size 4, big smile and a very tidy little package - asking me to join her. She said her name was Yumi (her likeness is at Morley WA : NEW~22years old Japanese Uni student Yumi @ Morley) and she looked and sounded Japanese but said she was from Taiwan? Anyway, she was very friendly and really into it. Giggling, attentive, responsive, no pull aways from anything DATY, anal play even happy with lots of light kissing which she initiated. CBJ was great with lots of sound effects and eye contact. Now I am staring to expect there will be a knock on the door any minute. Still,  we continue playing until I think I am pushing my luck time wise (I was ready to blow anyway) and indicate I want to fuck her missionary. Her delightful "Youwannafuckame - yes" was the only English she had and all that she needed. I put her onto her back, she wrapped her long white legs around my waist and pulled me into her - looking up at me with a cute/innocent smile - before I absolutely rattled her bones with aggressive pounding. Yumi hung on like a trooper and seemed to actually be quite enjoying it as I came quite intensely while she was obviously worked up hoping to get off if I could have lasted. A quick clean up, lots of kissing, a $20 tip, and an escort to the door holding my hand after 45 minutes of TLC was in the end very good value. There was no one else to be seen - suggesting no-one would have been knocking on the door any time soon - making me wonder whether the intent was for my 30 minutes to only have started with the sex girl - and I was "practice" for the new massage girl. I will never know!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th June 2013, 04:57 PM
Poster ID: Msteve
Post Title: 
 Yumi - Morley - 0449 518 378
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumi

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 17/6/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 518 378

Hours of Business : 9 - 5

Rates : 110- 1/2 hour

Age : 40's 

Size/shape : Plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full service with massage

Value for money/recommend? :  Stay away

My experience/comments : Had to redo in the right format -  Went and saw this supposedly young lady advertised as being 23 but I must have misread it cause I think she was more like 43. Anyway went ahead and handed over the $110- for what was to be 30 min of pleasure but turned into a 15 HJ with a quick ending. Disappointed and would stay away


