Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2013, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: Mabza
Post Title: 
 2/238 Propect Highway, Seven Hills - 0451 847 553
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

 Establishment : Commercial office

 Date of Visit : 3 December 2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0451 847 553

 Hours of Business :  10a-6p

 Rates : $30/half, $50/Hr

 Age : late 30's (?)

 Size/shape : Slim size 8

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : Can only guess - but it would be an educated one, ie bring some extra $$s

 Value for money/recommend? : See above
 Saw an ad for this place and realised it must be new - or at least being off the Highway I hadn't noticed it even though when you walk down towards the door there is the usual signage and even a bold poster with NO SEX - at least not on the footpath I guess. My experience/comments : Rang the number and asked for the prices conversation seemed encouraging and asked about whether I needed to book and the reply was give me some idea.  Well I couldn't commit at the time so suggested I would ring back. As it happened I was going by this afternoon and thought would have a go. Parked in the big Centro parking area and walked up through K-Mart tyres and into next door. Door was unlocked so I went in - seemingly deserted. Called out in a speaking voice not wanting to alarm anyone - nothing. Walked towards the back and seemed that the curtained cubicles were empty and no sound. Then I turned to see Lucy walking towards me. Lucy is slight but seemed to have the bumps in the right places though I have to say with PRC girls sometimes there is more technology in a bra than flesh. Lucy to me seemed quite attractive, a nice balance between pretty and tarty though I long ago realised that one of the benefits of getting old was it increased the percentage of the population you would have sex with. Anyway Lucy said she was busy at the moment and seemed I could return in an hour which didn't suit me. After establishing Lucy's name I asked what days she worked and by now had initially touched her and on the basis of her reaction had put my arm around her waist while she was gently squeezing my biceps. Lucy wasn't on tomorrow and didn't take my hint or wasn't interested when I persisted and asked if I could see her tomorrow (her day off). Lucy said another girl working tomorrow. Settled on me coming back on Thursday  and we had a cuddle where I gave her butt a little squeeze - Lucy all good with a very knowingly smile, almost got my moneys worth for free. With any luck I will get there on Thursday and will report back. Anyway thought I would post as I know I am always interested in new shops.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd December 2013, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We look forward to your Review after your forthcoming visit comes to fruition.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th December 2013, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Look forward to it mazba, like to know if the sign is accurate or just for show lol


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th December 2013, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Date of Visit : 4:00 6/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/238 Prospect Highway, Seven Hills

Hours of Business : 9:30 - 7:00

Rates : $30 for 30 mins; $40 for 45 mins; $20 for HJ

Age : Looks like mid 30s

Size/shape : Average shape with a bit of a tummy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : I think it was ok although it kind of pales in comparison to Hope St.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First up, if you look up the address using Google Maps, it's located in the cream coloured building-complex on the left of the Kmart Tyre Service. The shop is on the left of the building-complex if you're looking from Prospect Highway and is the first shop. For parking, it seems the best option is what Mazba said: park in the shopping centre carpark and walk through the Kmart Tyre Service complex. There is a toilet in the shop if you need one.

Lucy was okay looking and was genuinely friendly. I opted for the medium massage and noticed that Lucy's hands are quite rough although the oil made them smooth near the end of the massage. One criticism is I opted for the medium massage because certain areas on my back are softer than others and it seemed like she applied the most pressure on these areas. Nothing a quick comment didn't fix.

On the turn-over and was offered a HJ and nothing else: no topless, clothes off, BJ or FS. The HJ was decent.

Now for the bad, my impression from Lucy is the boss lady runs a tight shop: your time starts as soon as you walk in and ends when you walk out, i.e., if you pay for 30 minutes, that is entry to exit and not the massage. Additionally, I took a bit longer today and according to Lucy, the boss lady makes you pay for any overtime. 

Overall, I think the place is decent and Lucy is nice but my impression is the boss lady is only in it for the money and doesn't care about nice service for customers. Hope St is around the corner and I think it provides significantly better service.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st July 2014, 02:28 PM
Poster ID: Mabza
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Never actually caught up with Lucy after the initial promising meet.

I noticed the other day that the business seems to closed.

Rang the number attached to this thread and the lady who answered seemed to indicate she no longer had the business and that the rooms were currently being fixed up.
So maybe a new owner and maybe I will get a chance to see what the service id like in the future?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd July 2014, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods should this review be in the Massage Parlour section rather than the Establishments section?


