Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2010, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: johnconnor69er
Post Title: 
 Beauty Town - 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown - 02 9831 1838
				
Post Content: 
Had a great experience here about 2 months ago that I forgot to review.  I was out towards Blacktown way and feeling a bit horny so off too Forge Street I go.  Wander in and put into a waiting room where a few of the gals come through.  Can't remember how many I saw but I chose Kay.  Kay would be a size 8 with b to c size tits and a nice ass.  Into the bedroom and off with the clothes and into the shower to clean up.  Afterwards she instructs me to lie on the bed where she starts an interesting bbbj.  She is moving her head from side to side gently while using her long hair to stroke my balls.  Was good for a bit but after a while I wanted it deep and fast but she was not going to provide that.  Anyway I was still happy as had a cute asian sucking my cock.  After 10min decided that I needed to taste her wonderful pussy.  It was all shaved which is my favourite.  I muched and sucked and drooled and licked away for a good 15min before we both decided it was time for a bit of a fuck.  On with a condom and onto sex.  We did a few positions and ended in missionary with me blowing inside here while we dfk each other.  After that needed a bit of a recovery time so a quick massage.  When round 2 started I wanted more of Kays pussy grinding into my face so into a 69er we go.  Again lots of tongue and finger action in and around her pussy and ass.  This was turning her on and she begged me to fuck her so what was I to do.  On with the condom and on with round 2.  Again went through various positions and ended up in doggy with Kay reaching behind and ticking my balls with her nails.  This was just too much for me and I blew my second load deep inside her.  5 more minutes left so just a bit of snuggle in recovery time and then a shower and out the door.  Was a good service without being awesome and I would go back and see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th February 2010, 01:18 AM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi john and welcome to AXR. Thanks for your first review.

We look forward to seeing more from you.

s.o.o.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th February 2010, 07:46 AM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
nice review amigo,I'm almost on my way, however there are two unanswered questions, the prices and are they Caucasian or Asian ladies

thanks in advance


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th March 2010, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: wayne
Post Title: 
 Gigi of CBD fame, now Apple of Forge Street notoriety
				
Post Content: 
I have been on a quest to find a former girlfriend of mine who, since returning to Sydney, has been doing shifts in various brothels. I heard she might be at 40 Forge Street, Blacktown so called on Thursday morning.

"G'day, is Ivy on today?" I tentatively enquired.
"Yes, what time you come?" barked the reply.
"Just a minute, where is she from?
"Taiwan. Very young, very beautiful. What time you come?"
"I'll be there at 12:30."

One hour later, after negotiating the traffic out through the industrial wilderness of Blacktown, I pulled up outside the former warehouse just as a young bloke with a splendid purple tinted cockatoo hairdo got out of his late model Celica. We eyed each other off and he very graciously motioned me through the brothel door first.

"I am here for my 12:30 with Ivy," I told the doorman.
"Ivy booked, Plenty other beautiful girls."
"But I made a 12:30 booking with Ivy and it is only 12:15. When will she be available?"
"She not finish til 3:30. See other girl"
"I will wait thank you."

This nonplussed the poor fellow who showed me into a waiting room and immediately sent in a long line of pretty women to entice me away from my wait.

I remained steadfast until in slinked a true beauty, Apple, who immediately purred on seeing me: "Lao gong, where have you been?" Now it was my turn to be nonplussed. This gorgeous woman obviously knew me, but I could not place her. "Lao gong, you forget your lao por?

Then it struck me. Gigi, ex-CBDoubles. I used to see her in Maroubra and we would tease each other about being one hour husband and wife. Her English has improved immeasurably, but she looks just as sensational as ever.

I told her that I was waiting for Ivy but she insisted, with some sincerity, that there was no Ivy working there. Eventually I gave into  her arm tugging and went off to relive the carnal pleasures Gigi is so expert at providing. Afterwards we chatted about CBD and how much she hated the working conditions there. 

Not bad for $140/hr. She insisted that no Taiwanese Ivy works at Forge Street. Gives me an excuse to continue my search.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th April 2010, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: nico
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sasa 2/40 forge St Blacktown
I haven't been here for about 2 years so i was suprised to find that they had put the price down to $80/30min and $140/60min. It is excellent value as place is clean, showers in rooms ,porn on tv in rooms and a good standard of girls .
      They don't do a line up unless you ask for one, but I was happy with Sasa who was the one to walk in. She is about  5ft 6in tall, thin athletic build , tight butt , good skin, A cup tits with good nipples. Probably chinese but didn't ask but her English is pretty good , she works Tues and Sunday.
      I only had 30min , after shower started DFK which went for as long as i wanted it to then she had me lay down on my front and started with catbath on my back until she got down to bum then she started with quite vigorous rimming for a few minutes. After that licked again down one leg and back up the other and more rimming.
      Next turned over and after sucking my nipples she went straight into a BBBJ with DT, this girl is great at DT she took it all in at every stroke as well as ball sucking. Stopped her as i was about to blow and sucked her nipples and played with pussy and clit for a while. Started out with the plan of having sex but her BBBJ was so good went back to that . She got more enthusiastic with BJ and with me making all the just about to blow noises so made no move to pull away so i CIM and she sucked out every last drop even said "that taste good"
     Then finished of time with massage.
    Don't know about sex but everything else is highly recommended


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th April 2010, 07:48 AM
Poster ID: redbat
Post Title: 
 Emma 2/40 Forge St Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
My first visit to the asian brothel at 2/40 Forge St Blacktown. I saw Emma who was a stunner. Very petite and very sensual service. Lots of kissing, teasing, bbbj, daty, different positions and handjob. 
We had a fun session of orgasm tennis :-). She came first through daty, then i came Fucking her doggy. Round two she came whilst riding on top of me, then she finished me off with a great handjob. By the end of the hour we were both well spent.  

At $140 for the hour i will def be back again soon.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 18th July 2010, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: sainterbob
Post Title: 
 2/40 Forge St Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Went to this place on a Friday afternoon couple of weeks ago. 9831 1838 is phone place is in an industrial estate. When you ring you are told many girls but we you get there taken by a young Asian guy into waiting room and one girl only comes in. Annoying but you expect this at a cheap place. But lucky to encounter Yoyo, small Asian girl with enlarged tits (although not too much) maybe late 20s although difficult to tell, short $80 for 30 mins. Very friendly started sucking her nipples and then moved up to kiss her neck, without much hope asked if I could kiss her and answer was yes to my surprise as you don't expect gfe at these all Asian places. Stuck my tounge right in and so responded. She kept on saying how much she liked me. $20 for bbbj but was so turned on I only had a few licks before doing her in miss nice and tight and great tongue kissing her whilst thrusting hard, came quickly and washed up. If not in a rush would have extended to get another bbbj. Guy asked me as I left my opinion and I praised her. Advice ring and make sure she is available. But overall a suprise ina one of the cheap places were you mostly expect a hole to poke and thats about it.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 8th August 2010, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: redbat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw Yoyo about 6 weeks ago as well. What a stunner. Came out dressed in black stockings and a sexy black corset that really gave her boobs a great cleavage. What a vision  I got her to keep it on for most of the session  nothing worse than being greated by stunner in sexy lingerie that gets undressed straight away.

While her looks were stunning, and her service was good, I found it slightly less than what I have come to expect from this place. Biggest downer for me was no kissing, and having to pay extra for bbbj (which I've never had to do here before). Overall an ok experience, but I really missed being able to kiss.

I've got to admit, I've become a little bit addicted to this place since I discovered it a few months ago. The only downside is the lack of being able to choose. Normally you are greeted at the door, taken in to a sitting room, and wait for one of the ladies to come and take you away to a room. I wasn't used to this approach the first time I went there, but have since come to accept it as part of the extra thrill  you never know what you're going to get! I must say though that I've never been disappointed either. 5 visits, with 5 different ladies and each one has been great enough to have me coming back for more. Cheap, yes, but considering how great each visit has been, i'd consider it more great value for money than cheap.

I'm going back tomorrow morning and this time though I will be asking to see the same lady as I saw last time. very sexy girl, wicked and cheeky sense of humour, dfk, bbbj and daty. She was fantastic and the two of us really got it off together. Fingers crossed things will be as good the second time around   I will find out tomorrow and let you know.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 9th August 2010, 08:42 PM
Poster ID: redbat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So I went back this morning for a return visit to see Jenni. Wow!! I'm still basking in the afterglow 9 hrs later. Another amazing experience with her.

The session started off quite amusing. I had called the place in the morning to make sure that she was on today. Having taken the morning off work for a doctor's appointment, I didn't want the disappointment of turning up on one of her normal days and finding her not there. I was told that she would be starting at 10. I tell him great, I'd be there then, and that I'd ask to see her. 

I eagerly rolled up a few minutes early and wait until 10:05 to go in. I am ushered inside to one of the rooms to wait. I tell him that I'd like to see Jenni, and he goes off to get her. 

Last time I had seen her she had come out in a hot satin mini skirt with a matching bra top. Eager to see what sexy outfit she'd be in this time, I waited like a little kid on Christmas morning. 

Finally I hear her coming down the hall, footsteps and voice getting closer, me getting more excited to see her again. She comes into the room, and I do a double take!! Tracksuit pants and a woollen jumper!! WTF! I think? Did the guy think I was a friend and just wanted to talk!! I ask her if she was working today. "Yes, of course" she replies, and holds out her hand for me to follow her. 

Talk about a let down. Ever since my last visit to see her, I had been dreaming about the look and feel of her ass and thighs in that sexy miniskirt. I'd been fantasizing about what she'd be wearing next. And then this! Nothing sexier than fleecy lined and baggy woollens. Looks like I should've waited an extra 5mins to let her get ready, before going in. Anyway, that's all wrapping paper anyway, and I knew what presents lay inside, so I let her lead me to the room. A bit of a kiss and a cuddle, and then I'm naked and she leads me to the shower, while she takes my money away and gets her things. 

If I was thinking (and I was) that she might take the opportunity to quickly get changed into something a little more comfortable, well I was wrong. Although come to think of it, what's more comfy than tracky dacks on a cold winters morning!

Anyway, soon enough I was showered and the both of us were naked. And what followed was an hour of some of the best sex I have ever had. I never really thought sex with a WL, and particularly in a parlour, could be so hot. Most of the times, it's usually about the guy receiving pleasure. Let face it, that's mainly why the industry exists. However, after making her come last visit, and seeing her obvious enjoyment, I had wanted to spend more attention this time round on her pleasure. My greatest pleasure, is in seeing a woman in so much pleasure, and neither of us were disappointed! A good part of the hour was spent on massaging her body, sucking her nipples, DATY and plenty of g-spot massaging which she was right into. She was so responsive and so wet that it blew me away. Normally, if a WL seems unresponsive to my attentions, or appears to be faking it, I'd rather forget the pretense and go back to it being about my pleasure. I could've licked her, sucked her and watched her writhe all day  In the end I held her tight, DFK'ing, giving her g spot stimulation whilst she brought herself to an orgasm with a vibe rubbing in her clit. OMFG!! And that was only round 1!

Round 2 was her giving me an amazing BBBJ. She has a great tongue and great technique. Ended with us in 69, me licking her and using her vibe again, while she sucked me to point of no return then finishing me off with a handjob. 

Round 3 was straight into FS in a position that I can't begin to describe. All I can say was that our legs and bodies were fully entwined and I was able to ram home hard until she came again. 

Round 4 was continuing FS in numerous positions until I finally came a second time in doggy position. 

All up, an absolutely amazing experience with Jenni again. Will I be back again? Try to stop me!!  We were talking at the end about the doubles she does with one of the other ladies, so maybe I'll indulge a bit further next time.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 15th August 2010, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: moparguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was there on Friday night and saw Emily, very nice mid 20's? petite, B cup about 5ft3. Plenty of DFK, very nice BBBJ, best I've had for a while. Told me she works Monday, Tuesday and Friday's. Will definitely be back to see her again.

MT


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th September 2010, 06:36 PM
Poster ID: victor1984
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok i kind of stuffed my first review so heres some additional info to help out the other members.

Establishment and/or person's Name: Beauty town

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge Blacktown

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 24 HRS i think

Prices:140 per hour, 55 15mins, 85 0.5 hrs

Age: 20-28

Size/shape: 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: Full

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, for beginners

My experience/comments: I have been punting for a few years and recommend this place to all beginners. The rates are cheap and sometimes if your lucky you will get an alright girl. The girls provide the usual standard service. Not recommended for the experienced punter who wants more. lol. The girl i saw was Cindy i think. Service was average. This place is hit and miss sometimes. Good place for a quickie if your desperate. lol


Floor: #12
Post Time: 9th November 2010, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Sasa

Hours of Business: Tues and Sun

Prices: 85/30mins 100/45mins 140/hr

Age: 24

Size/shape: I didn't ask...maybe 10-12 tanned athletic body. Slightly larger than a handful C/D cups. She said they were real but I was skeptical. Nipples were long and hard. Clean shaven with a bit of a tummy and a belly ring. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services:
DFK ok
BBBJ good...she used a bit too much teeth for my liking. She can DT and spent time sucking and licking my balls
Fine with anal stimulation but no penetration
69
DATY which she liked
COB...she said no to CIM

Value for money/recommend?: Double yep

My experience/comments:
Sasa was really friendly and brutally honest (she said my oral skills were lacking  although complemented my fingers and how long I lasted). Her English is not the best and you may need to repeat whatever you say in different words. 

Started off with mandatory shower while she left the room to get her stuff and get ready. She started with BBBJ before I asked her to jump ontop. She rode me in regular and reverse cowgirl before asking for doggy and miss. She's quite sensative and stopped me from stimulating her clit while in doggy. She came shortly after and told me to slow down because she was working for 6 more hours (or something). I was pretty rough (I moved the bed a good metre from the wall :S). I pulled out shortly and after a few more minutes of BBBJ, I asked her to lie down and I played with her lady bits whilst wanking but she took over masturbating after a few mintues and quickly came which made me cum (guess it's a fetish :S). Afterwards she gave me a long and good massage and a quick BBBJ before I jumped in the shower and she escorted me out. I spent 2 hours there.

Another note, the bald asian man (didn't get a name) was pretty nice although I did ask for a lineup which I did not receive. The first girl he sent was Abbie or something and was beautiful and busty but I wanted to try Sasa. Might get Abbie next time.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 10th January 2011, 05:22 PM
Poster ID: jjj124
Post Title: 
 First post
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Narnar 

Establishment (if applicable): Beauty Town

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St Blacktown 2148 (02) 9831-1838

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable): 10am til midnight (i think)

Prices: $45 mas, $50 extras (HJ DATY)

Age: 26 

Size/shape: Medium Set (not skinny) B cups, short (5'2)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thailand

Services: Oil massage, HJ, DATY. 

Value for money/recommend?: Was my first time, so not really sure about value, reading through other first timers posts though, it seems pretty reasonable

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)

For my first time I was pretty nervous. The place seemed pretty old and unrennovated, so that was off-putting. Only got to choose from 2, & just picked the first one so as not to offend. In the room, Narnar was fairly distant... others have said some girls sense they are shy and help them out, but she was pretty robotic about the whole thing. (Which is fair enough, it might have been my first, but obviously not hers). The massage was excellent (that is one thing i have done before), the HJ was awful - had to ask her to go softer a couple of times (im uncircumcised, so it felt like she was gonna tear my skin). DATY was heaps fun though, she seemed pretty into it. Seemed like she was willing to do more (FS) but after DATY the handy was enough to get me off. Not sure if i'll go back, want to learn more about the whole massage/HJ dynamic by trying different places.

Also a bit thankyou to everyone who posts on forums like these... really helps out those of us who are less confident in going to parlours.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 16th January 2011, 06:15 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: 
 Tiffany (Asian Kim Kardashian lookalike) 2/40 Forge Street Blacktown 10/12/2010
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tiffany

Establishment: BeautyTown 

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge Street Blacktown

Hours of Business: 11am till 2am (Mon-Thurs), 10am to 4am (Friday to Sunday)

Prices: $140 per hour

Age: 30

Size/shape: slim busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: BBBJ, CIM, FS, COT, DT, 

Value for money/recommend?: yes definitely recommend

My experience/comments

Finally I have some time to put a review up.

a few weeks back I had the pleasure of seeing Tiffany who has a nice Kim Kardashian lookalike face with a slim but hot tall body with D cup tits.

I had seen her before previously at other places like 1/181 McCredie, Merrylands ($150/60 mins) and 8 Carnegie Place ($140/hour).

here is my review of her.

It was late in the night when I drove off to this place, I had had a very tough day at work - all politics and challenging stuff got to me + with Xmas looming it and all the things that needed to be done before then with projects etc. said to me that I need a good time with a WL.

Just off the M2 and a few blocks away is 2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown.

Theres a BP Servo just on the corner of Sunnyholt Road and Forge St.

Mostly its a dark industrial area with not much lights. I park my car just on the opposite side of the road to a very bright red neon light that read 2/40. Theres a floodlight highlighting your entrance to the red coloured door. WTF is the deal with red I thought do they think its Xmas everyday? I mean this place is hit and miss with the 7 or 8 girls on every night but at least all the WLs here offered BBBJ with a $20 extras fee. The hourly rate here is $140 per hour, $80 per 30 mins, and curiously $55 for 15 mins and I forgot the 10 min wham bam thank you mam price but i think its $45. have a look at the prices sign and you will laugh. for me I hate to be rushed. lol

I ring the doorbell, theres a buzz and i pull on the heavy red door knob, as i walk to the next door at the end of the short corridor, theres a click and i pull open that door. A guy greets me, this way. i go err I got a booking. With who? he asks, Tiffany - ah yes yes yes you called a few hours ago.

I nod but i wish he didnt have to be sooo loud about it. Thats Chinese you know excitable loudness...

After putting me in a waiting room with a small tv showing porn, i flick the channels for sports or news instead of the Pirates porno. I prefer their 8 Carnegie Place sister parlour as its much more cleaner, more modern and newer. This place has a Gotham city dark maroon coloured walls. Sometimes in winter you can feel the dampness but theres vending machines outside and the toilets/showers and bathrooms are clean. I hate some rooms where floors are tiled - imagine 5 degree cold and the WLs all asking you to warm them up and the air con has a mind of it own. Mind you I only come to this place about once in 5 months.

Finally the door opens and there she is - a tall 170cm Chinese girl with a glowing face. long legs, big bust, long black hair (much like Kim K) and curvy. Hello honey, long time no see... she is wearing a nice hot WonderWoman hot pants and matching top that accentuates her bust.

We get into the room, i pay for the 90 mins ($220 + $20 BBBJ extra)

She told me to shower and so i do so, after a quick shower, she is back and starts giving me DFK. I hold her with my hands on her nice firm round small arse. She is tall and slim but she does have the right proportions in the right places like bust and arse much like J-Lo.

I am there kissing her with me in nothing but a towel and I move from her arse to groping her tits, then slowly i take her top and bra off. followed by her pants. She turns so that her arse is facing me. I lick it she moans. She says she loves me licking just above her arse.

i pull down her g-string and grope her fine D cups. I kiss her on the back of her neck and she moans.

we head off to the bed where just strips the towel off me with a chuckle and a giggle.

she puts some baby oil on me as i asked for a titty massage and she rubs her tits all over me like it was a thai or asian soapy massage. she goes ooo that is hard referring to my flagpole and proceeds to clean my cock with a wet one. then gives my cock a thorough licking and sucking. after this slow licking and sucking of my cock and balls, she proceeds to do the sucking faster and faster like its almost DT then she does do DT.

finally she says fuck me? I say fuck yeah. she puts on the condom and sucks it. Then as she is on top of me, i get a great look at her magnificent mounds as she pounds my cock and goes come on baby come on...

The curvy body and her licking my nipples makes my cock harder with a some intermittent licking of her tongue and my tongue PSE like.

finally i cum and she says good? and kisses me and slowly gets of me. She takes care of the condom and wipes the cum off my cock and cleans me up.

we cuddle for a moment then its second round with me licking her sensitive parts DATY, back of the kneeds and sucking her D cup tits. 69, 99 followed by missionary. having so much fun we realise that the time is
almost over and she gets into the shower first, followed by me.

within no time, she towels me off and I am dressed. she gets into that blue and white hot pants and matching top. I start thinking should i go again? i wish. She leads me into the exit and kisses me on the cheek, She says Come backke soon. I think to myself yeah but only if she is at 8 Carnegie Place as I exit outside to my car for the cold Gotham city like dark street. I see theres plenty of cars outside and I think to myself "peak hour" and drive off knowing that there will be a next time...

quick facts:
Body - 9.25 (hawt)
Tits -9 (soft D cups and COT)
GFE - 8.25 (good DFK and great BBBJ, good english but not perfect)
PSE - 9.25 (at least she knows the words fuck and suck lol, CIM, COB, 69, 99, DT ) Person's Name:

Establishment (if applicable):

Contact Details/Address:

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:

Age:

Size/shape:

Nationality or Ethnicity:

Services:

Value for money/recommend?:

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)


Floor: #15
Post Time: 6th February 2011, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: redbat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Rainbow
Establishment: BeautyTown 
Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge Street Blacktown
Hours of Business: She works sundays and tuesdays
Prices: $140 per hour
Age: mid 20's
Size/shape: slim busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: ?? said she was a country, but when i asked which country, she said Auburn!
Services: BBBJ, FS, DFK, HJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend?: yes definitely recommend

looks, 9/10
body 8/10
bbbj 6/10
fs 6/10
dfk 8/10
handjob 11+/10
attitude 10/10
overall experience 9/10


My experience/comments

After seemingly losing track of my fave Jenni at Beauty Town, I'd started to lose faith in this place. However my visit today has totally restored it. 

I arrived about 2pm and asked the pappasan how many ladies were on and if i could have a choice. I told him what I was after, and shortly after Rainbow walked in. She was very sexy, with a very cheeky and beautiful face. She was a bit more volumptuous than most of the stick thin asians normally there, but by no means was she plump at all. just good natural sexy curves in all the right places. tits from size c to d.

when i said she had a cheeky smile on her face - that was nothing compared to her character. This girl is FUN. Very, very cheeky. She had her way, made me hers for the hour, and almost didn't spit me out at the end 

i probably set the tone of the session when i asked her to grab some toys; some to use on her, and some on me. She must've taken the hint from that, because once i was showered and on the bed, she got right into some fun playing. Taking her singlet top off, she tied my wrists together with it, then proceeded to tease and dominate me for the full hour! i had no say in anything  and it was great. She has a great handjob technique, which is what i based most of my WL visits on. Very light, teasing strokes with both hands in playful action - not just grab and stroke up and down like too many do. Anyway, with my hands tie, and her on top of me, i was helpless. She started by squirting a bottle of massage oil over me, then giving me a full body rub, spanish, then onto the teasing handjob. Only touching me and licking me when she wanted! And if i tried to sit up to get to her, i was pushed back down onto the bed, and was told that I was her boy! 

the vibrator was used all over my body, both inside and out! she took great delight in making me beg her to suck my cock, which she eventually did. and i had to beg even more to be allowed to come. finally when she let me, it was like a fire hose. but it didn't stop there; immediately after coming, she wouldn't stop stroking, taking me through that excruciating moment right after coming when you are so sensitive that you can't stand being touched. cheeky girl!

round two was me fucking her in missionary, then from behind in spoon position. but i couldn't resist those teasing hands so i got her to finish me off again with a handjob. 

all up a fucking great session!!  she wasn't as responsive when going down on her and during sex as i normally like, but she made it quite clear that i was her boy, and i was the one being teased and pleased for the hour. who i was i to argue, so for this session, it was guilt free selfishness on my part.

i walked out barely alive, with a huge grin on my face.


Floor: #16
Post Time: 18th April 2011, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: Faithlily
Post Title: 
 2/40 Forge st Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Nameaisy

Establishment :2/40 Forge St

Date of Visit:15/04/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: 

Rates:$80 for half an hour

Age:mid 30's

Size/shape:size 6 body, c cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese (hong kong)

Services Provided:Full service, uncovered bj

Value for money/recommerecommended as at $80 it is not much to lose

My experience/comments: Head here when i'm not fussy on who i see as they do not let you view the girls before hand. Met guy at the door and takes me into waiting room, few seconds later Daisy comes in and introduces herself. She was not the prettiest girl but she had a nice smile which goes a long way with me, would rather a happy 6 out of 10 than a bitchy 8 out of 10. She was a bit older than most ive seen here, probably mid to late 30's but still ok. Body petite, size 6-8 with larger than average breasts for her body size. Took me into a really bad room, had to enter a hallway for shower but no one around so no big deal. After shower laid on bed and was joined by Daisy. Her english was not great but explained that over from hong kong for 2 weeks to work. She started licking my chest and nipples and swirled her tongue all over my upper body which did the job to get me hard. After some slight tugging action she took me into her mouth for some uncovered bj action, good technique and liked me holding her head down, went from sucking to licking my shaft and balls, she seemed to enjoy what she was doing. After a bit she straddled me shoving her breasts into my mouth while she slid her now wet pussy up and down the shaft of my dick. Straight back to sucking licking then and repeated about 3 times. Finally she asked to fuck so she mounted me cowgirl for about 10 mins til i came.
She offered a massage after but i just jumped in the shower.

Like most girls here i found her friendly but very bad english, not the kind of place to come for conversation unless you are practicing an asian language. It seems to be the norm here for uncovered bj and im sure you could push for CIM with some of these girls if you wanted to try your luck.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 1st May 2011, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: RedDevils
Post Title: 
 Jennifer at Forge Street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Jennifer

Establishment :  in Forge Street 

Date of Visit: 20/04/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown - 98311838

Hours of Business: 8am-1am

Rates: $70 1/2hr  to $120 1hr 

Age: about 28 to 30

Size/shape: size 6 , petite, nice tits

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian - chinese

Services Provided: GFE, DATY, BJ 

Value for money/recommend?: Recommend highly

My experience/comments: It was my first time at the establishment at Forge street and I chose Jennifer for 1 hour. She had a nice smile and looked great.She began with kisses and nice full body slide massage and then slowly moves to sex.  Allowed me to DATY.Great BJ to finish it all up. Is a great talker and trys to find out if there are any special requests. Higly recommeded her.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 1st May 2011, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: Jack Africa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey RD.....have their prices gone down?  Used to be $80 and $140 pretty recently?? Anyone else you can reccomend there?


Floor: #19
Post Time: 3rd May 2011, 06:40 AM
Poster ID: RedDevils
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Jack...I went with two mates and since they are regulars the guy "Alex" at desk gave a discount......I think that normal price is $80 and $140. My friend went with Tiffany.Said she was awesome. Seems he picks her up most times as he waited for her to finish with the client she was with before going in. Try Jennifer .....i liked her service.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 20th May 2011, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Apple

Establishment : 2/40 Forge Street Black town

Date of Visit: May 2011


Rates: $100 for 45 mins

Age: Late 20's 

Size/shape: Petite with B cups and very long Dark hair. Interesting bulbous eyes 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Hong Kong

Services Provided: DFK with encouragement, BBBJ, CIM was offered but not taken, Cowgirl

Value for money/recommend?: Yes 

My experience/comments: 
Apple was the first girl in the line up, I was considering seeing other girls but she bent over an french kissed me. 
I was sold, she promised to allow CIM. I suspect she was having a rather quite night. 
I decided to see her for 45 min "special" for $100 since I was not sure about the service. I did not have to worry too much. 

She proceeded to give me a catbath down my legs and fianlly end up sucking my toes, she bbbj technique was good with lots of slurping. 
However it was quite shallow. 
She the headed back down and was sucking my toes when I explored her pussy (clean Shaven) 
Very aesthetically pleasing. 

This was followed by some more testicular tongue massage and BBBJ. 
She then headed by and teased me some more with her tongue in my face. 

On with the dom and she was on top leaning back for a while gyrating for a little while. 
She then leaned forward sat on her haunches and rode me Cowgirl. It was very very good site and feeling. 
I did not last long afterward. 
Followed up with an excellent and very strong Massage. 

Will be back for more.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 27th May 2011, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: Harro
Post Title: 
 Yuki @ Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Yuki

Establishment :  Forge St

Date of Visit:  16/05

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  

Hours of Business:   9pm

Rates:  $85/30 mins

Age:  24yo

Size/shape:  Normal

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Jap

Services Provided:  DKF, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend?:  Yep!

My experience/comments: I have had afew sessions with her. At first CBJ then after getting to know her BBBJ. Cute face and nice body. Awesome blow job, best I've ever had however I havnt had that many good ones. She has a really tight pussy especially when doing doggie. Overall great value for money and even my mate wanted her and hes not into asians haha


Floor: #22
Post Time: 29th May 2011, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PM has been sent requesting further details.

Cheers,

BAB


Floor: #23
Post Time: 29th May 2011, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BadAussieBoy - this is 2/40 Forge Street Blacktown Phone number is 02 9831 1838

it is also known as BeautyTown. 

cheers!
CMDR


Floor: #24
Post Time: 13th July 2011, 03:01 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Date of Visit : 06/2011 

Hours of Business : till 4am on weekends 

Rates : 140/hour + $10 tip 

Age : Mid to late 20's

Size/shape : Slim/ petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese HK

Services Provided : BBBJ/ CIM/ Massage/Deepthroat/ rimming

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I arrived there at 2am and the place was quite busy. 
Had had a long day and an interesting night. 
Emily was the only girl available and was in a very cheerful mood for that time of the night. 
She work certain days and week but I forget which. 

Jumped into the shower, the water was warm. 
Emily quickly jumped into bed with me where is started with some light kissing and moved slowly down. 
She spent some time giving me an excellent catbath. 
The BBBJ was excellent she kept me on the edge for some time. 
She followed up with some very willing rimming and ball licking. 

I came twice, first time deep into the throat. 
She was a bit taken aback with that but took it like a trooper. 
I should probably have warned her. 

Following this tried various positions and ended with BBBJ/CIM as well. 

Highly recommended.


Floor: #25
Post Time: 13th July 2011, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: moparguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : April

Establishment : 2/40 forge st

Date of Visit : 8/7/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  

Rates : $90  30mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : 5ft2 ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : bbbj and f/s

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

I was there last Friday afternoon and saw the lovely April. One of the best BBBJ I've had for a long time. She was very responsive to DATY and I enjoyed my time with her. I will be back to see April some time soon. 9/10


Floor: #26
Post Time: 10th August 2011, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: AussieAlex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has this always been 2/40? I swear I've been over there before and it was a bit different.
Anyway, went there the other week and asked for a line up. Apparently only 1 girl available. Not sure who the 2 other female voices I heard were then. But I digress. Sasa(Sasha?) walked in and took me to the room. She looked to be around mid late 20s, Nice height, A maybe B firm breasts, nice ass, good body. I was pleasantly surprised, I half expected something not quite as good. Her english was pretty good as well.
Usual shower, then she dragged me onto the bed and after some playful touching the got right into giving me one hell of a bbbj. Not something I asked for, she just dove right in. Very good at in and I had to ask her to stop after not so long. She slipped on the dom and started riding me, very very nice, she made sure i got a good view. Was more than happy to let me grab her hips and control the speed, and play with her nice firm breasts and suck the nipples as much as I wanted. Little bit later she turned around, one knee down, other leg bent so she was half up, giving a great view from behind. Didnt take long to finish me off like that.
Quick clean up and an average massage after.

I'd give her looks a 7/10 (Sorry, asians arent really my thing, but for one, she was half decent, great body)
Service was a good 8/10. I'll be back any day for her. But she probably killed way too much time with an average massage when we could have just gone again.
Passed 2 guys coming in when I was walking out of the room... awkward... They tried very hard to hide, and failed terribly.


Floor: #27
Post Time: 10th August 2011, 10:28 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yes 2/40 has been there a very long time. i believe as early as 2007. they have a much better and newer cleaner place over at 8 Carnegie Place which opened late last year and its only 2 streets away. 2/40 is very gotham city dark knight evelyn street redfern at night like - whereas 8 carnegie place is very much like the Westfield CentrePoint in Sydney.


Floor: #28
Post Time: 10th August 2011, 11:36 PM
Poster ID: AussieAlex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by CommanderM


yes 2/40 has been there a very long time. i believe as early as 2007. they have a much better and newer cleaner place over at 8 Carnegie Place which opened late last year and its only 2 streets away. 2/40 is very gotham city dark knight evelyn street redfern at night like - whereas 8 carnegie place is very much like the Westfield CentrePoint in Sydney
"""



Who knows what I was thinking of, I thought the inside looked very different. Maybe I just got confused. I'll have to check out the other place some time.


Floor: #29
Post Time: 19th August 2011, 08:57 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: 
 Apple @ 2/40 Forge St Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple

Establishment : 2/40 Forge Street Blacktown

Date of Visit : 17th August 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9831 1838

Hours of Business :  open 10am till late every day

Rates : $140 per hour

Age :  28

Size/shape : B cup tits, petite pocket rocket

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : 69, BBBJ, DT, DFK, doggy, toe sucking, turkey slapping, teabagging

Value for money/recommend? : fuckin fantastic yeah

My experience/comments : 
Apple @ 2/40 Forge Street Blacktown 

after a night with the boys at a party at the Outback Steakhouse in Blacktown, a few of us decided to go to 40 forge 

street. I needed to burn off the calories from the steak, pork ribs and about 10 glasses of cola....

From a good line up of girls I chose a nice pocket rocket girl with nice long hair, nice long boots, nice legs and short 

fuck me up the mini skirt and leather coat. 

She said shyly, I am Apple, are you really horny and naughty? she winked 

Well I wasnt about to let that go unsatisfied. She grabbed my cock and my hand and lead me to the room. I felt her arse all 

the way. heehee

After I paid her the $140, she told me to have a shower. by the time she came back, I was handed a towel. Then she got 

undressed and she got into the shower. I had a great view of her B cup tits and nice short legs and round pert bum as she 

soaped her body.

finally she towelled off and pushed me onto the bed. She aggressively kissed my neck. My cock shot up as she was very 

passionate with a DFK and worked her way kissing my chest down to my cock and licked all the way down to toes and sucked 

them.

slowly she got her way back up to my stiff cock and started giving me a BBBJ.

her technique was at first to just suck the top of the head of my cock. her lips caressing that head. then her lips slowly 

went 1/2 way down the cock shaft, then focused her sucking with her lip muscles.. it was very sexual and tingling for me.

with a few minutes then she started working faster with her lips stroking my cock for a full BBBJ very thoroughly with 

moments of DT 

ooo very hard I love big cock! she murmured.

finally as she did a whirl with her tongue around the tip of my cock, she grabbed my stiff cock and gave herself a turkey 

slap on her face

then rubbed my stiff cock all over her face and cheeks - ooo very nice big cock she remarked.

with more and more sucking and licking of my balls, we did a 69 and I fingered her pussy. she has a very tight pussy btw.

moments later she got on top of me for some DFK, as she rubbed her pussy against my cock. She then had another sideways 

BBBJ with her open lips going up and down my cock shaft.

i said to her you MUST love my cock like ice cream and she laughed and nearly chocked on my cock 

Amazingly her long hair massaged my cock as she sucked it. she got a cold cool condom on my stiff manhood  proceeded to 

cowgirl me. Wow she said as her pussy slid over my cock like a glove.

she fucked me for about 10 minutes but I wouldnt come. I told her to make me cum I must be on top of you otherwise we will 

be here all night.

so we did doggy, I soooo wanted to feel her round arse as I pounded her from behind.

oh yeah, fuck me ooo ooo as I can hear the bed rock and hit the side wall.

after a few minutes like that, she turned around and took the condom off for more cock sucking. this time it was slow and 

not rushed. i could feel myself coming. but maybe it was the heating in the room, i still could not come. 

finally I laid her down for the tried and true missionary. she put another condom on and i could feel her soft skin 

caressing my body as I slid over the top of her.

her slender legs gently wrapped my waist as my cock entered her pussy like a golfers hole in one...

slowly the cock stroking into her tight pussy become faster and full strokes as I kissed her. with her lips open and my 

lips kissing around her lips, i finally came. the condom was indeed quite full.

She was totally sweating and she said wow.. it felt like a full workout.

as she cleaned up, the shower beckoned. we got dressed and she held my hands and led me out to the reception area where the 

manager said was it good? it was fuckin fantastic as both she and the manager laughed. i kissed her goodnight as i left the 

place with my mates waiting outside in the cold dark night. we all had a productive night as Wednesday nights tend to be 

good with some really hot girls like Tiffany, Angela, and Alyssa.

of course KFC was on the way home. I needed the nourishment just to recover from all that.


Floor: #30
Post Time: 22nd August 2011, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: DL810910
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
CommanderM , thank you for the recommendation. Apple is really good,I ve try her this afternoon. Fantastic!
And I recommend the other good girl Jennifer. Same services as Apple, but bigger titps, D cup.  Elearly 20s. Long legs, from HK. Her sucking skill is wonderful!


Floor: #31
Post Time: 22nd August 2011, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yes Jenny is good too. i have seen her before at another place... I will be back possibly next week or 2. thanks for the feedback on my review DL810910. it helps me build my confidence and encourages me to write more reviews. thanks


Floor: #32
Post Time: 4th September 2011, 02:45 AM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : 40 Forge Street Blacktown

Date of Visit : 1st September 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9831 1838 
Beauty Town 2-40 Forge Street Blacktown 02 9831 1838 - . 
2/40 Forge Street Blacktown

Hours of Business :  24 hours

Rates : $140 per hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : busty pear shaped curvy C cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DATY, 69, DFK, BBBJ, GFE, DT, CIM 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes very nice experience

My experience/comments : 

After waiting so long to finally meet Angela, I have seen her at a few other places in an intro but never had sex with her I first saw her in intros 6 months ago, I felt very intrigued always wanted to meet this buxom pear shaped round bottomed beauty when I saw her again at this place in an intro - finally I said yes. She definitely is nicely proportioned and curvy pear shaped for my needs. Busty boobs, nicely long legs, cute face, rounded arse. The arse of hers would be very good for 69 and doggy btw.

She was dressed in a nice frilly yellow dress - showing her best assets.. boobs, curves, long hair, sweet face.

I told the receptionist, I want that one... great boobs, and nice legs - sweet cheeky smile. She has one of the cutest faces I have ever seen - its up there with Joan at 5 star and Shelley from 533 - especially when she smiles and she has her hair down - I told her that. She smiled and blushed even more - gee I am an old softie arent i? 

I handed over $100 for 40 minutes. After a quick shower, She was lying on the bed still dressed. She motioned to me to come and join her on the bed. I did so and she took off my towel. We chatted a little - I forgot what we talked about but the chemistry was there. she noticed that I was looking at her boobs and grabbed my left hand and put it on her right boob that was sticking out. Nice? she said, I gulped and said yes. its a nice C to D cup 

she said my hands were warm as she kissed me GFE style and tenderly stoked my cock. We must have kissed for ages leading up to DFK and my cock rubbing against her pussy. Her clothes magically must have slipped off... its like she knew a Harry Potter spell or two.

She got up and gave me a slow but very lickable BBBJ. Her tongue rolled off the top of my cock and she had this polarising look towards me as she licked my cock. Mmmmm... she must be thinking its like chocolate ice cream the way she was licking my cock and sucking it. finally sucking it deeper brought my flagpole to be very very hard.

she got on top of me and kissed me once again but her pussy was teasing my cock by rubbing against it.

She got a condom and it was nice and cold with a nice quick CBJ. Finally she got on top of me for a cowgirl for a few moments, then she laid on top of me and wanted me to fuck her hard. more kissing made my cock to bursting the dam levels. with her nice round boobs rubbing against my chest and her kissing gently on my lips and occasional tongue in my mouth, we seem to synchronise our orgasms.. we both came at the same time. I grabbed her arse so hard my hand prints were on there 

argg ooo errrr.... she finally collapsed on top of me. 

after a quick cleanup she said massage? yes please i said as it was a very tiring day for me it is around 11:30pm on a Wednesday night. 

She gave a very firm massage I was enjoying it so much that I yelled ahhh. she said sweetly is it too hard? did i hurt you? I said no. I love it. she pushed harder and i fell asleep for 5 minutes.

finally it was nearly time up. she asked me would i like to go to the shower first or her. I said her... sorry I am a total pervert... I like to watch a naked girl in a shower. great view guys! btw 

Finally she got out and i hear a knock on the door - its telling me my time is nearly up... 

she said I left the shower on for you. I get in and have a good shower whilst she dressed up and made the bed.

I get out and she hands me a towel. i get dressed. she then gives me a nice warm hug and one more DFK...

gee I almost want her to be my girlfriend so sweet. its more GFE than PSE but its not bad i thought.

I can see why some guys really like her... I will be back for more when I need more kissing and cuddling... its really a shame I left this place knowing I had to work the next day...   otherwise I would have booked her for longer...


Floor: #33
Post Time: 6th September 2011, 12:23 AM
Poster ID: silk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey CommanderM, Angela sounds great - nice review.
Which other shops and under what names does Angela work?
This venue is like a 2 hr drive for me so it's a no go.
Thanks in advance.
SILK


Floor: #34
Post Time: 6th September 2011, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Silk, Angela works at 533 Willoughby and 64 Alexander Taren Point (check out 64 Alexander Avenue, Taren Point - Roster) cheers!


Floor: #35
Post Time: 7th September 2011, 12:36 AM
Poster ID: silk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks CM.

I'll ask mamasan at 533 Willoughby what day/s Angela works and post up here.
64 Alexander TP is just too far for me to normally travel.
SILK


Floor: #36
Post Time: 7th September 2011, 08:29 AM
Poster ID: jilamint
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Glad to see you had fun with Angela.


Floor: #37
Post Time: 25th September 2011, 11:35 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : 40 Forge Street Blacktown

Date of Visit : 23/09/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Beauty Town 2-40 Forge Street Blacktown 02 9831 1838 - Sydney West Best Brothel

Hours of Business :  24 hours

Rates : $140 an hour

Age : 21

Size/shape : curvy 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM, DFK, Fire and Ice BBBJ, 69

Value for money/recommend? : definitely value for money when you get pampered by such a pretty girl. will be definitely back for more!

My experience/comments :

It was another tiring day, I had just finished off a big contract at work and the client signed off on everything that was agreed to, this made me happy for once. So Friday was a good time to have drinks and celebrate. 

on top of it, I said what the heck i need a good root. so I headed west as I live in the West. yes thats me western Sydney boi I am.

I called up 40 Forge around 6pm and ask if there were any good girls, Dennis informed me there were a few. any new ones? yep a cute sweet girl she is your type young and very personable service and she is running a little late. So I said book me in for 9pm (which was a few hours later) for a girl I had never seen before but I have known Dennis for a while. If any changes, let me know.

come 8pm after a few drinks at work, I headed off there.

When I got there, I was introduced to a Chinese girl - Sarah. The first thing that stuck me was her very cute beautiful face. young but beautiful - I would say the same as some young Japanese and Korean girls I have met.  She smiled and seemed pleased to see me.

the next thing I noticed was her girl next door curvy body. All natural. I would say B cup boobs. I just realised as I type, I have been seeing younger asian girls of recent. first Nicole now Sarah. its starting to grow on me. girls err about 1/2 my age... 

anyway I enjoy it haha...

makes me feel err. younger and good maybe good for my ego if you know what I mean... 

Anyway see grabs my hand and leads me into the room. which is a nice touch.

She asks how long, I pay her for 1 hour $140.

She gives me a clean blue towel, and I undress and shower.

theres a clock on the floor I thought hmmm it must have fallen off the wall or theres no place to hang it.

hold on I suddenly realise - I had been in this room before with Angela. Sarah has the same body profile as Angela but Sarah is much younger. Curvy pear shaped nice tits.

When she got back, she helped me dry off with my towel. Nice touch. I can see some personable service already.

finally as she dried my back first then turned me around to dry my front side, I snuck in a kiss, which became a full on DFK. My cock shot up and hardened into her tummy. She loved sticking her tongue into my mouth. She said I hope I wasnt too forceful - I said no just go for it. she kissed me more.

I felt her boobs on my chest. soon she was downstairs my cock a good BBBJ and tongue licking and sucking my balls. 

it didnt take long to get to the bed and had some ice in a cup of water and gave me quite a good fire and ice BBBJ.

she dried to suck my cock so that I would do a CIM but I managed to hold on as I groped her tits as she gave me the BBBJ.

She turkey slapped my cock on her cheeks as well as her lips. Nice to have your cock hitting a WLs face heehee

Condom? can we fuck now? she said in her Aussie Accent. (more about that later)

Yes and she put the condom on and gave me a cool cold CBJ... she still had some ice in her mouth.

the coldness makes my cock harder.

she soon sat on top of my hard cock. I could see her squat on top of my hard flagpole. i grabbed her tits and soon she lay totally on top of me. she stuck her tongue in my ear and sucked my nipples.

I was enjoying groping her tits as she DFK'd me. She said I hope I am not squashing your cock too much? I said its all good.

when you kiss her and she closes her eyes. her face is very angelic.. she has dyed her hair a little reddish brown but the white angelic face makes me want to have her more.

I take her to get on her 4 fours so I could do a doggy and to see her nice arse and grope her right tit at the same time.

a few deep thrusts, she yelped and screamed in delight. soon I came and the condom was full. As she cleaned up, she said that was good and asked if I had saved it up... in perfect English 
she asked where I worked and what i did - very casually.

I was intrigued as she had quite an Australian English accent. She said her English class in China was taught by an Australian teacher and she had been in Australia for nearly 3 years.

she asked if I would like a drink, I said yes, she got me a bottled water. 
Soon we were talking like good friends.

I asked her to lie beside me and we soon kissed and cuddled. a lot of DFK - very girlfriend GFE which I enjoyed.

Soon my cock was really hard again. she rubbed the tip of my cock against her shaven pussy. She said, I want you ... you seem so sweet. I thought the same about her. "personable service" i thought.

another BBBJ and then it was on with the cold condom. This time I would do missionary. Being on top of her, I found myself rubbing my chest against her boobs and her tongue in my mouth. she grabbed my neck as I thrusted my manhood inside of her.

short thrusts turned into deeper cock thrusts. after  5 minutes of banging her, i came.

She cleaned me up with a few wet tissues. and asked if I would like a massage.

she gave me a very good oiled massage with some baby oil.

I was really relaxed. After the massage she gave me another bottle of water. I felt looked after.

Shower time. Me first, she said happily. I managed to get a good perve of her naked body in the shower.

when it came my turn, i got to see her dress herself.. hmm i must be getting older i thought. I am turning into a very dirty old man doing girls 1/2 my age!

after my shower, she helped me towel off and get me dressed.

she's a really nice girl i thought. She told me to put my jacket on as its cold outside. very caring. very GFE.

I thanked her with one more DFK. and i said goodnight to Dennis the reception and I was very destressed even the drive home was a breeze. 

I know what to do next time I need to be pampered by a very sweet young girl. come back and see Sarah.


Floor: #38
Post Time: 8th October 2011, 07:58 AM
Poster ID: Littlewonder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Angela works at 533 on a Monday and at Kelleys at Five dock on a Saturday Name there is Bella. She works at 64 on Sunday.


Floor: #39
Post Time: 10th October 2011, 02:36 PM
Poster ID: Gruntingbear
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person’s Name: April

Establishment: Beauty Town, 40 Forge St, Blacktown

Rate: $120 for ¾ hour

Age: 27

Size/Shape: Slim, B cups

Nationality: Hong Kong Chinese

Sexiness Meter (looks + body + attitude): 7/10

Value for money/Will I be back: Yes

Visited this place one evening during the week.  Quiet location at night but a few guys coming and going – just the right air of seediness!  Nice inside and was sent to a waiting room to watch a bit of porn.  Was told that they had 7 girls on that night.  First girl that came in was Chinese, good looking but not all that friendly.  She took my hand but I said I wanted to see what else is on offer.  Another girl comes in and her attitude seems better.  She is also attractive with b cups and nice body.  Also takes my hand and wants to lead me to a room.  I ask her to send the manager in and he explains that there is actually only 2 girls available so I take the second one who he reckons is “very good, very popular” (I think they use the socialist system of giving you the next girl off the rank – I’m glad I stood my ground though).

April takes me to a pleasant room and I have a shower. She strips down to some nice sexy underwear and we hop on the bed.  I’m fondling her all over and removing her undies and bra in the process.  Then she starts with an all over body cat bath – hmmmm, very nice.  Even manages to suck my toes.  I ask for a bit of attention around the sack and she tongues my balls, before finally slipping my cock in her mouth for some slow bbj.  She certainly is willing to please.  After about 10 minutes of this I get her to slip a dom on and into some mish, cowgirl and reverse cowgirl.  After a while I finally cum.  She cleans me up then gives me a massage, before showering and dressing.

All in all not a bad punt and if it wasn’t for the lack of choice at the beginning, I would certainly visit again.


Floor: #40
Post Time: 12th October 2011, 06:56 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennifer

Date of Visit :  OCt 2011 


Rates : $ 100 45 mins

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Tall, slim with long legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No 

My experience/comments : 

Jennifer was the only girl left, I was horny. 
She is reasonably good looking and I think we did not hit it off at all. 

BBBJ was ok, she did try hard, unlike the other girls she cannot take it all. 

YMMV


Floor: #41
Post Time: 12th October 2011, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: Lonestartexan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Might have to try this place out soon.. Just to see how many clicks I can get out of the tank


Floor: #42
Post Time: 27th November 2011, 01:29 PM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty

Date of Visit : 27/11/2011


Rates : $ 100 ....45 mins

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Kitty was the only girl not busy, i wasnt interested at first,, till she said you cum in mouth, i though OK got me
BBBJ was ok , She had done the 100 for 45 special on me, and i m sure i got ripped 15 mins, i should of taken better notice of the time, Overall was Ok, she wouldnt let me touch her pussy, no kissing. Will i be back to see her , HELL NO

On the way out i spotted a very tall slim hotty right up my ally, nice little ass.


Looks 7/10
BBBJ  6/10 CIM
NO DFK. NO TOUCHING

Overall experience 5/10


Floor: #43
Post Time: 27th November 2011, 02:39 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hmmm sorry to hear you had to get the last girl standing there... I think she could have got some feedback from you and you could have informed management there. usually the guys on the reception are quite good there.


Floor: #44
Post Time: 30th November 2011, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ada

Date of Visit : 30/11/2011


Rates : $ 150 ....1hr

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean C cup size 8 to 10

Services Provided : BBBJ DFK

Value for money/recommend? :Yes

My experience/comments :

Thought i would give this place another go, after a not so good first visit, this time i was shown the line up, Ada was the pick of the three girls i saw, asked her if she kissed and cuddle and did BBBJ, she said sure, her english is so so , she understands everything you say.

had me shower and met her on the bed, she cat bathed me, licked her way up my legs and licked my balls and started sucking hard on my cock, BBBJ was pretty good, after 15 mins of this with a 69 we moved to missionary. She was pretty tight, boobs were a little saggy but not too bad. Fucked her 4 or 5 positions, she started complaining a bit when i was going hard at her. So she dont like em big fellas

Overall not a bad experience




Looks 7/10
BBBJ 7/10 
DFK. daty and fingers allowed

Overall experience 7/10 

Review 14


Floor: #45
Post Time: 30th November 2011, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
wow you give yourself a 14/10 for the review? or is it your 14th review tinlegs?


Floor: #46
Post Time: 30th November 2011, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yeah mate 14th review


Floor: #47
Post Time: 5th December 2011, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: iluvasians
Post Title: 
 Review of 40 Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Ada

Establishment :  Blacktown 40

Date of Visit :  30th Nov 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  2-40 FORGE STREET BLACKTOWN NSW 2148 AUSTRALIA        	

Hours of Business :   Sun - Thu 9:00am to 1:30am, Fri & Sat 9:00am to 5:30am            

Rates :  Full service 10mins. $55, 15mins. $65, 20mins. $75,30mins. $80, 45mins. $120, 60mins. $140

Age :  Did not say - 26?

Size/shape :  8

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided :  Full

Value for money/recommend? :  7/10

My experience/comments : As I had ~1.5 hours in between customer visits I decided to treat myself. Entered 40 Blacktown and was greeted by the reception and they ask if I had any girl in mind. As I went into this place with no preconceived lady in mind I said who do you have. He tells me he has a lady first day. I ask him to show me and he sends in. I tell him ok. We head into the bedroom and I give her the money. She asks me if I want shower, & she goes out to take money.

While she is out I have a shower in a room that is not lit the best and shower facilities not the best either. I finish my shower and she comes back. While I am drying off, she jumps into the shower. I jump into bed and wait for the few minutes while she finishes. She dries off  and joins me in bed.

Start of with sensual kisses up and down my neck working her way to my cock. She continues to lick my balls and sensually stroking my dick. I start to play with her enhanced breasts which are nice. By this time she has done well and my cock is nice and hard. She grabs the condom and puts in onto my dick. She then start to work her way with a nicehead job, which really feels nice. I just lye back and enjoy this for the next 5~10 mins. I feel that I want to enter her pussy,she is nice and wet, but in my opinionnot that tight for an asian pussy. Any way I lift her leg and pound for the next 5 mins, until I feel likecumming,which I do within minutes. She cleans me up and offers me a massage. I have a quick shower. 

I try to have small talk but her English is limited. Massage is ok. We repeat the deed and leave.

Overall experience not too bad, but would not go back.


Floor: #48
Post Time: 19th April 2012, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Date of Visit : APRIL 2012


Rates : $ 100 45MNS

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Very little BBBJ, some ad hoc kissing, lots of talking. 

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Ivy is a good looking girl, however she is not really interested in providing any sort of service. 
I think she may have been more comfortable in providing me with a CBJ. 
She was however very chatty and was we had a good laugh together. 

I did not think she would warm up in the following session, so I will not be seeing her again. 

Looks 7/10
BBBJ 1/10 
Overall experience 4/10


Floor: #49
Post Time: 10th May 2012, 08:57 AM
Poster ID: Littlewonder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went to 40 Forge Street Blacktown to see Jenny 

Jenny Works Saturday and Monday,

Jenny is from China (Hong Kong) about 163 cm tall slim build with C cup natural breasts. She is pretty with a beautiful smile and come to bed eyes. She is trimmed down below and has a large tattoo between her belly button and love pot. She is not young (30 plus). 

I have seen Jenny many times and she is my favourite she is always friendly and fun to be with.

DFK, BBBJ, DATY, Massage, Cuddles are all available.

Started with a long kiss and then play the usual game I give her the money for 30 minutes she just stands there and says more so I give her the rest for one hour, she says 2 hours I say only one today she gives me a sad look and then kisses me and says 2 so I hand over the rest for two hours.
Into the shower Jenny went to complete the formalities and returned in time to take the towel and finish drying me off.
Jenny is wearing a pink out fit to day she usually wears black she says do you like I said not bad nice for a change but I prefer the black one.

I am sitting on the bed with the towel around me she backs up and sits on my lap I start to kiss her neck while removing her bra and fondling her breast I just love her breasts I have yet to find any I like more. She stands up and removes her panties, then pulls the towel off me and throws it in the corner 
We then move on to the bed and lay together for some long passionate DFK I have two hours so time is on my side no need to rush.

I move onto her neck and ears and then work down to her breasts and nipples she seems to like this I continue with a cat bath and return for some DFK and then continue on the down for some DATY

Jenny loves DATY and gets quite wet down below and she has a nice tasty pussy, she comes and puts her hand over her pussy to stop the attention I remove her hand and give her some more and after a while she comes again.

Jenny does speak a little English but is not fluent a conversation can be difficult and understanding of anything other than basic is difficult, however she is improving.

She asks if I want French to which I reply yes she does a good BBBJ with some ball licking and running her tongue up and down the shaft before taking it all in her mouth with lots of slurping overall very nice.

After awhile its on with the DOM and sex in cowgirl where she comes and then she says doggy so its into doggy and not long before I come.

She cleans me up and we lay there arm in arm for a nice cuddle then after awhile she says massage, I don't usually go for massage but decide to this time. She does a reasonable massage quite hard at times.
When she finishes the massage I grab her and we DFK and then move onto her breasts and slip my hand between her legs and finger her hot wet pussy she likes this and then stops me before she comes again.

She puts another DOM on and rides me in cowgirl and comes again then says you on top so I get to work in missionary. after a while she say hand job I say no way doggy.

So we switch to doggy and I come again.

We relax together arm in arm and then she says shower so its off to the shower and the end of another great session with a lovely lady Jenny.

Jenny works Saturday and Monday and is great value for money.


Floor: #50
Post Time: 14th May 2012, 09:21 PM
Poster ID: Littlewonder
Post Title: 
 Beauty Town 2/40 Forge St Blacktown Phone 02 9832 1838
				
Post Content: 
Went to 40 Forge St Blacktown,
I knew my favourite was not in so thought I would trysomeone different Ben suggested WaWa.
WaWa came in to the waiting room and greeted me like a longlost friend ( I have never seen her before) She grabbed my hand and lead me offtowards the room stopping in the middle of the corridor to plant a big kiss onmy lips which turned into a DFK.
WaWa is from China she is about 152cm tall small to mediumbuild probably about a size 7 with nice B to C cup breasts and a long blackhair. Age early to mid 30 I would guess, trimmed down below with a bit of alanding strip.  
Into the room and she wraps her arms around my neck andcontinues with the DFK must admit I liked it and she is a good kisser.
I handover the money for one hour shower she says as shestarts undressing me, then stops and heads off to settle the finances.
She returns and I am sitting on the bed with the towelwrapped around me she says shower and I say I have so she removes her gear andhas a quick shower herself.
She dries herself off and comes over for some more kissingafter a while I get her to lay on the bed and kiss her some more then work downto her breasts buy this time she has my rock hard cock in her hand and I slipmy hand between her legs and slowly and gently caress her pussy and clit sheobviously likes this and opens her legs wide so I gently slide my finger insideher she is dripping wet, She tells me I am her first job she has just come backfrom holidays and hasn't had sex for a month and is really horny.
It isn't long before she comes and I continue to finger hershe says I suck you and proceeds to give me a very nice if somewhat gentleBBBJ. I say that's nice you want sex now she says yes I am so horny so on withthe dom and she hops on top we kiss and then she sits up in cowgirl and startsto work away it seems like about 3 strokes and she comes in a screaming orgasm,it was noisy and she came so quickly, she smiles and says I come already I wasso horny I explode inside her cant remember coming so quickly made me feel likean 18 year old again.
She says you want a massage I respond no thanks cuddle wouldbe better she lies next to me and we kiss she grabs my cock and realises Istill have the condom on so removes it and I say I will shower and have a quickshower and she joins me and we dry off and return to the bed.
We kiss again and I slip my finger inside her again while suckingher nipples she is obviously still horny and grabs my now rock hard cock againshe puts on the dom and climbs on top again after a while she comes again thenask did you come I say no not yet she says you fuck me and climbs off and layson her back and I enter her in missionary.
I pound her for some time and finally come again I lay therecompletely spent we kiss and cuddle she says you want to stay another hourreluctantly I say no thank you not today.
I shower and she leads me out holding my hand and kissing megood by in the hall way, I agree to come back and see her again soon.
A loverly lady great GFE and a definite to see again.


Floor: #51
Post Time: 17th May 2012, 10:36 PM
Poster ID: ksmith701
Post Title: 
 Lily at Beauty Town
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lily

Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: 16 May 2012

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business:

Prices: $80 for 30 mins, $120 for 1 hour

Age: late 20s

Size/shape: medium

Nationality or Ethnicity: thai

Services: bbbj, fs

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: Visited in early afternoon, it must have been change of shift as girls seemed to be coming and going. Lily wa sthe only girl offered but she was a very pretty thai girl of medium build so I had no complaints. I had not been here before, the rooms are clean and well presented. Lily was nice she seemed keen to please and was very attractive. Her lovely brown skin and shaved pussy was definitely a turn on.
She pushed me down on to the bed and gave me a lovely bbbj. I hadn't had sex in a while so I was keen to the deed and di not last very long. She offered a massage to complete the half hour which I readily accepted. I would definitely return.


Floor: #52
Post Time: 23rd May 2012, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Someone has suggested that Gigi - delicious girl from 533 Willoughby Road - also works here.   Anyone seen hert?


Floor: #53
Post Time: 11th June 2012, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Emily

Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: May 2012

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business:

Prices: 140 for an hour

Age: late 20s? 

Size/shape: Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: bbbj, fs, CIM, deep throat

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments:  
I once again got a chance to catch up with Emily.
I happened to drop in late at night and asked for her, it has been a long time since I had seen her and I think I have reviewed her on this thread before. . 
Emily has an excellent technique that include a wet BBBJ which is great. 
She happily finished me off in that way. 

This was followed by some excellent massage, and round 2. 
Emily was a trooper and kept at it till I exploded. 

Only drawback on Emily is that she smokes.


Floor: #54
Post Time: 12th June 2012, 08:36 AM
Poster ID: jilamint
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Blatchford


Someone has suggested that Gigi - delicious girl from 533 Willoughby Road - also works here.   Anyone seen hert
"""



Its possible but she also works at 64, and I know you know where that is.


Floor: #55
Post Time: 15th June 2012, 12:01 AM
Poster ID: likemyoung
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bella

Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: May 2012

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business:

Prices: 150 for an hour (supposed to be 140, but I never get the change ... not complaining though)

Age: 20? 

Size/shape: Solid, but not fat at all

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: bbbj, fs, deep throat, kissing

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: Bella is wonderful. Always 'acts' happy to see me. Pretty, if a little plain faced with shoulder length hair and a fringe. Nice firm B cups and a bum to die for.
She loves to help dry you off as you hop out of the shower and will take a mouthfull while drying your legs. Then I'm just happy to lie back on the bed and let her do her thing. Kisses 'all over'. very cute and cuddly but I would imagine that she can be all things to all men. She is pretty busy these days as I have found it difficult to see her on my last few visits. One of the few geuinely young one's here at the moment.


Floor: #56
Post Time: 25th June 2012, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tiffany

Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: June 2012

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business:

Prices: 140 for an hour 

Age: late 20's early 30's

Size/shape: Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: bbbj, fs, deep throat
Value for money/recommend?: yes

I decided to see Tiffany as she was available on the website and when I called, was confirmed that she would be available soon. 
So I headed off, I have not seen this girl before and a cute girl walked in and lead me to the room. 
I was a bit surprised as the girl that I saw did not have the bust that was in the pics. 
Later confirmed that this is the same girl without the bust. 

Started of with plenty of cat bath that was sensual and lasted for a while. 
Service was absolutely excellent, BBBJ and long and very wet. 
She did this twisty thing with her mouth and she went up and down. 

On to the main event she slapped on the dom and mounted me in Cowgirl. 
I did not last long and came really hard. 

This was followed by and excellent massage.


Floor: #57
Post Time: 25th June 2012, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: jilamint
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tiffany had a nasty rough customer pop her implant and had to have them removed.  I bet she is just as cute without them though, I'm yet to see her at 64 Alexander but I hear she's as hot as hell.


Floor: #58
Post Time: 26th June 2012, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes she is excellent and right up there in terms of service. 
A very warm person as well. 

She did mention the reason that she had to down size. 
THere are some weird people out there!


Floor: #59
Post Time: 28th June 2012, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: speciace
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Emily

Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: Monday 25th June

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business: 24/7

Prices: 100/40min

Age: 25 

Size/shape: Perfect

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend?: hell yeah

My experience/comments: 
Thought I would pay a visit to my favourite place to take care of business. I like Beauty Town as it is designed specifically for punting and is generally always clean. It also has a secluded carpark out back which is convenient and private ( for those who like this). It does always smell a little smoky or musty inside however - but you can't have everything can you?

I have to say I generally always have a good experience here and again I was not let down on this visit. As always you are pushed to go with the first girl and as Emily was enthusiastic in the intro so I decided I didnt mind and asked here to take me to the room - or should I say agreed she could take me to a room when she grabbed my hand and pulled it 

Went about the normal payment and shower routine and as soon as I was dry Emily began working down below with an excellent BBBJ that had me nearing the brink very quickly indeed. On request she slowed down and with some nice cuddling and touching and just enough stroking to keep me interested. Back to some BBBJ which had me close tot he brink again before I knew it and I suggested we move to a different activity. Expertly on with the dom and into some doggy action. Such a petite young lass being pummelled from behind - you gotta love it. So good I lasted only minutes before she was cleaning me up.

Finished with a massage that had me relaxed before I left. Again, another successful visit to forge st.


Floor: #60
Post Time: 29th June 2012, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place had a private car park? 
I thought it was only 8 Carniege Place that had that


Floor: #61
Post Time: 29th June 2012, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: jock2u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Wa Wa

Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: June 2012

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business:

Prices: 140 for an hour 

Age: late 29

Size/shape: Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: bbbj, fs, deep throat
Value for money/recommend?: yes

Its  been some time since i visited this shop and  decided on a punt while in the area.

Sat in an reception room and as mentioned previously the room smells a little stale  and probably  needs some fresh air or perhaps they are  to busy.

Was introduced to Wa Wa  a cute girl from Hong Kong  and went for the 1 hour option at $140/hr and I never saw  the $10 change. I dont have an issue with the 10 bucks as would not have taken the change, but prefer to be offered.

After the formalities of shower on to the bed and into some excellent DFK. Wa Wa then went from head to toe with those lubricious lips, periodically making eye  contact, for my approval. 

She then asked if i was ready  for BJ  and asked if i preferred a BBBJ for which i acknowledged in the affirmative.  Her BJ action was excellent  starting off with the tip of her tongue all around and up and down my shaft and some nice ball sucking,   so glad i had recently shaved the tackle.

After the tease she wound up the action  with some  tonsil tickling and extended deep throat action.  The touch paper had been lit and was ready to blow  and i did give her notice of what was about to proceed, so  she backed off, so missed out on CIM  but dont think she would have complained if i had just blown without notice.

Had a hug and a cuddle and some small talk  and she asked if want to go for round 2 so  no complaints here and she gets down to another BBBJ.  She worked hard for round 2 and i was not far away for a CIM, but after a call and text to my phone i thanked for her good company  and called it a day.

Overall good experience and will be back and would select this girl again.


Floor: #62
Post Time: 17th July 2012, 06:14 PM
Poster ID: Sethergo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Yumi
Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: 13th July

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business:

Prices: Paid $100 for 40mins, but didn't get it

Age: atleast 40

Size/shape: B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: CBJ + Hand job

Value for money/recommend?: no

Thought I would give this place a go on friday @ lunch time, I had been day dreaming most of the morning about doing some titty fucking so when I got there I asked for someone busty, Yumi comes into the room and she looks like she might have the assessts that I was looking for, I pay for the special "$100 for 40mins" and get dragged off to a room that was only just big enough for the bed, Yumi says "ok, ok" points to my pants and then to the floor and then leaves, I strip off and start to get ready so as not to waste any time, she comes back in will about 15 condoms and a thing of lube, strips off and I realise that I have been fooled by the bra! there isn't going to be enough for what I want, but too late now!

She sits on the bed on goes the dom (would have paid more for a bbbj but it wasn't on the cards) and starts with a 7/10 BJ (would have been 8 but she kept stoping to spit into a tissue), that and every time i tried to touch her down stairs she has a leg in the way, every time i try to sit up she pushes me back down, every time i tell her i want her to get ontop or that i want to fuck she ignores me! but the bj was good so i let it go for a bit, next thing i know she has the dom off and is wanking me, I try to convince her to put another dom on and get ontop but she ignores me again! I'm thinking, its fine, i'll blow this load and then onto round 2, but as soon as i cum shes up and getting dressed, I'm asking whats going on? and shes saying "no shower, no shower, shower" I say "shower?" and she goes "ok" points at my pile of clothes and shes off out the door, leaving it wide open and me naked on the bed for anyone that walkes in the front door to see!!

I grab my stuff and follow her down the hallway where she pushes me into a room that says "staff only" its about 7 times the size of the room we were just in, and is set up with a shower and a bed.. I get into the shower and shes off again out the door, leaving it wide open. I shower and put my clothes on and walk over to the door and the guy that answered the door was in a little office across from the room, he gets up and shows me out the door. I get in the car and look at the time, 30mins since I walked in the door.. thats got to be about 20mins of actual time with the girl, if not less.. and she doesn't even do what you ask! If all I wanted was a bj and hj I would have gone to a rub'n'tug!

I will not be going back to this place.


Floor: #63
Post Time: 3rd August 2012, 11:43 PM
Poster ID: johnconnor69er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:xEmily

Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: Monday 23rd July

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business: 24/7

Prices: 140/60min

Age: 30x

Size/shape: 10 5 foot 3

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: BBBJ DFK Extra's available but I did not participate

Value for money/recommend?: yep

My experience/comments:x
Had some spare time so thought I would have some asian fun at Blacktown.  I was introduced to Emily who look good and so I snapped her up.  Got the room near the office which meant I heard everything including the man delivering condoms lol.

A bit of DFK to start with which I just love before she strips off.  I get to run her pussy and tits and then jump into the shower.  Off she goes to do whatever she does.  After I come out she is waiting on the bed.  We do some more dfk before she starts to kiss me all over then moving to start an excellent BBBJ.  I was able to face fuck her while standing up which was great.  After 10 min of this we jump into a 69er for more pleasure.  Nice shaved pussy, yummy.  Had to get her to back off as did not want to blow yet.  Decided some daty was required so crawled down and licked her out till she came woot woot.  Time to dom up and we moved through a few positions.  Ended up in missionary where I pulled out just before I was about to cum and blew a huge load over her pussy.  It looked awesome.

Time for a massage in which I almost fell asleep.  All those late nights watching the tour de france caught up with me.  With 15min left to go we decided to try again.  More wet awesome bbbj.  More options discussed before bagging up and fucking.  Could not get over the line again  so left after lots of fun.

Good time had by me. Awesome bbbj and extra's available for those wanting it.


Floor: #64
Post Time: 4th August 2012, 08:53 AM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review john.

I was wondering what extras were available that you didn't participate in?


Floor: #65
Post Time: 23rd September 2012, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: Littlewonder
Post Title: 
 40 Forge St Blacktown - September 2012 - Jenny
				
Post Content: 
Went to see Jenny on Saturday.
Jenny is from China (Hong Kong) about 163 cm tall slim buildwith C cup natural breasts. She is pretty with a beautiful smile and come tobed eyes. She is trimmed down below and has a large tatoo between her bellybutton and love pot. She is not young (30 plus). 
I have seen Jenny many times and she is my favourites she isalways friendly and fun to be with.
I have been on holidays and haven't seen Jenny for over 6weeks she was never over weight but has lost weight and is too skinny now in myopinion, I told her this and she agreed.
DFK , BBBJ, DATY, Massage, Cuddles are all available.
I hand over the cash for two hours and she leaves the roomwhile I shower.
We lay in each others arms and just kiss for a long timethen finally I kiss her neck and ears and then work down to her breasts andnipples she likes this. She reaches down and strokes my now erect member, I putmy hand on her pussy and then slip a finger inside her she obviously likesthis.
I move down for some DATY she has a lovely tasty responsivepussy it takes a while but finally she starts to moan and groan and has anorgasm, it was not a strong or powerful one like she sometimes has.
We then kiss and cuddle some more, and then she moves downfor some BBBJ. She is so good at this and does a deep throat taking it all inher mouth. I lay back and enjoy watching her in the mirror, seeing those lovelyboobs hanging free. This goes on for some time, there is no hurry we have twohours.
After a while its on with the condom and she climbs on topin cowgirl. This is my favourite position and she rides me moving around as shedoes so to get the best stimulation. This goes on for some time and finally sheexplodes in an organism, that's good she says I said you came before didn't youshe said yes but only a little bit that much better.
You slow to come today she says well I did stop my self fromcoming while she was having a good time so got to get around to it again.
We have another kiss and cuddle and she strokes my memberwith one hand I then suggest doggy so its on with another dom and I enter herfrom behind, I nice sight to behold and it isn't long before I explode insideher. I collapse on the bed exhausted and she cleans me up.
Jenny does speak reasonable English but is some what limitedin anything more than basics.
We relax together arm in arm and then she says shower so itsoff to the shower and the end of another great session with a lovely ladyJenny.
Jenny works Saturday and Monday at No 40 and Friday at 533,She also works Wednesday as Sammy at No 64.
She is always great value for money.


Floor: #66
Post Time: 14th October 2012, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: j450n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Wa Wa

Establishment: Beauty Town

Date of Visit: OCtober 12th, 2012

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Hours of Business:

Prices: 140 for an hour (100 for 40 mins + 50 for anal)

Age: early 30's (?)

Size/shape: Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: bbbj, anal, fs, deep throat
Value for money/recommend?: yes

Popped in on Friday afternoon, looking for something specific (greek). Met half a dozen girls, and chose Wa Wa. She was fairly touchy feely in the meeting room and thats something that tends to tell me a really good bbbj is on the cards.  I was right.

Got into the room and yeah, it could do with some fresh air, got the commercial side of things sorted and showered. Wa Wa likes to kiss you all over, and tease your member with her tongue. Then off for another wandering kiss session and then back again. Thats not really my cup of tea, but you know, it's not like it's hard to take either. So I let her go for a while, then get the dom on.

She jumps on and starts to slide me into her arse, and god she is tight. She starts to moan a lot, and I am thinking for a moment "why the fuck did you take my $50 for this if you dont like it or cant do it?". Turns out, she is okay with it, just takes a while to get her butt loosened up. She rides me like that for a couple of minutes and then, recalling the tattoo on her lower back, decide some doggy style backdooring is in order. 

Some more really deep moaning while I get into place, one hand on her hip, one on her shoulder. Maybe five minutes into this she arches her back and I lose my load, and keep pumping away slowly in her for a minute or two afterwards while I am catching my breath.

We finish off with a shower and 24 hours later I am kicking myself that instead of going back to see Wa Wa again yesterday on my way back past I went somewhere else and it was not nearly as good. But more about that soon in a different review.....


Floor: #67
Post Time: 14th October 2012, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lots of km's travelled between your punts j450n 

Thank goodness for the M7/M5 connection.


Floor: #68
Post Time: 14th October 2012, 07:45 PM
Poster ID: j450n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Mr Crash and Burn


Lots of km's travelled between your punts j450n 

Thank goodness for the M7/M5 connection
"""



M2,M7,M5.......yeah, quite a long drive........but worth every moment...


Floor: #69
Post Time: 5th November 2012, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: chancler
Post Title: 
 WaWa 40 Forge St Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: WaWa

Establishment: 40 Forge Street Blacktown

Hours: 9:30am---5:30am (Monday to Thursday, Sunday) 24 Hours (Friday and Saturday) 

Prices:
30 mins $ 80
40 mins $ 100
45 mins $ 120
60 mins $ 140

Date of Visit: November 3rd, 2012

Contact Details/Address: 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown,

Age: 40

Size/shape: 8 Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity: HK/Chinese

Services: dfk, bbbj, fs, gfe
Value for money/recommend?: yes

Blacktown 40 is at the diagonal opposite end of Sydney to TP64 & I've met some terrific ladies at both establishments. I mention both as a number of ladies I've met I've also seen at the other establishment usually with different names.
Just like 64TP & Blacktown 8, Blacktown 40 is a What You See is What You Get in so far as there's no line-up & you don't get to meet other ladies without asking. Whilst this can be frustrating at times the fun of the punt makes you take a chance & find excellent ladies & then try & book them again later once you know if you like them. Otherwise try again! You'll always find someone who suits you in these places as there's plenty of good ones.

So being a lover of the quality GFE with a woman of Asia I took the chance & booked some time with WaWa at Blacktown 40 last Saturday afternoon. This of course was after reading some excellent reviews on AU XXX.
This was my first time with her & with someone new in general for quite some time.

WaWa has an interesting but not classically beautiful face but with a very nice smile. Her eyes are more European shaped rather than Chinese. She's probably about 5ft4 in the old lingo. Size 8, B-C cup boobs. Long black hair with dark eyes.
Surprising as she doesn't look it, WaWa told me she is now 40 years old. Didn't bother me at all being a more mature dude myself. She has a large tattoo across her lower back as well that I mention just in case some don't like that sort of thing. 

After a slightly abrupt grab of the hand & kiss before dragging me to the room (I guess if in case I changed my mind based on her looks). We settled into to getting to know each other a bit then the usual DFK, BBBJ, 69 then sex. I'd don't need to add much to what has been written above other than to say my original booking went from one hour then to two then three hours.
Obviously I had a great time with this very nice lady. One of the best GFE providers I've ever been with.

WaWa works several days a week at Blacktown 40 & no where else. A lady from HK who as is the norm in AU for HK working ladies is divorced & now funding her future here in Oz before going back to her look after her son in HK when the visa runs out. I get the picture she wouldn't mind an AU boyfriend but doesn't expect to get one who fits in with her life at present.

Would I see here again? Definitely!


Floor: #70
Post Time: 27th November 2012, 10:13 AM
Poster ID: Littlewonder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
WAWA also works at Kellys Five Dock on a Thursday.


Floor: #71
Post Time: 3rd April 2013, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: 
 Beauty Town Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : 2-40 Forge St Blacktown

Date of Visit :  16/02/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : blacktown40.com

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $65 for 15 minutes

Age : she said 30s but im sure it was early 40s

Size/shape : D cup maybe DD, size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely!

My experience/comments :

Going into this place was a little stranger than my other visit to blacktown 8.

The decor was much the same but the staff there were pushy and rude. I had requested an aussie girl and they sent me a few asian and an african girl before they got the hint.

Once I met Kelly though my problems seemed distant, she was playful and relaxing.

We lay on the bed in the room and she was starting by talking and touching, she had amazing hands and really helped my settle in, then without asking, she slowly slid down and started licking the head of my cock before bobbing up n down, she said she normally does cbj but couldnt help herself from my young cock (im only 20).

After getting into the mix of it I almost felt like cumming from the blowjob, I asked her to slow down and she crawled up the bed and asked if I was into anal. I was then made to wear a rubber (duh) and with a bit of effort she eventually opened up her asshole to me and we got a nice rhythm going. She has a nice tight asshole and enjoys what she does.

After a bit of the ol' anal fucking she allowed me to blow on her face before we showered together with a nice rubbing massage.

She made what could have been a really terrible experience, into something I will never forget. If you only fuck one aussie girl at this place, make it Kelly!


Floor: #72
Post Time: 16th April 2013, 06:47 PM
Poster ID: indiana66
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Littlewonder


WAWA also works at Kellys Five Dock on a Thursday
"""



Just wondering what name she works under there? Couldn't see a Wawa on their roster.


Floor: #73
Post Time: 3rd June 2013, 10:16 AM
Poster ID: pale_enchanter
Post Title: 
 Wawa - 2/40 forge st blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wawa

Establishment :  2/40 forge st blacktown

Date of Visit : 10/5/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9831 1838

Hours of Business : Unsure  went  mid afternoon

Rates : 140 ph

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : medium

Nationality or Ethnicity :  chinese

Services Provided :  full service bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : WaWa is from China she is about 152cm tall small to mediumbuild probably about a size 7 with nice B to C cup breasts and a long blackhair. Age early to mid 30 I would guess, trimmed down below with a bit of alanding strip.  

Into the room and she wraps her arms around my neck andcontinues with the DFK must admit I liked it and she is a good kisser.

I handover the money for one hour shower she says as shestarts undressing me, then stops and heads off to settle the finances.

She returns and I am sitting on the bed with the towelwrapped around me she says shower and I say I have so she removes her gear andhas a quick shower herself.

She dries herself off and comes over for some more kissingafter a while I get her to lay on the bed and kiss her some more then work downto her breasts buy this time she has my rock hard cock in her hand and I slipmy hand between her legs and slowly and gently caress her pussy and clit sheobviously likes this and opens her legs wide so I gently slide my finger insideher she is dripping wet, 

It isn't long before she comes and I continue to finger hershe says I suck you and proceeds to give me a very nice if somewhat gentleBBBJ. I say that's nice you want sex now she says yes I am so horny so on withthe dom and she hops on top we kiss and then she sits up in cowgirl and startsto work away it seems like about 3 strokes and she comes in a screaming orgasm,it was noisy and she came so quickly, she smiles and says I come already I wasso horny I explode inside her cant remember coming so quickly made me feel likean 18 year old again.

She says you want a massage I respond no thanks cuddle wouldbe better she lies next to me and we kiss she grabs my cock and realises Istill have the condom on so removes it and I say I will shower and have a quickshower and she joins me and we dry off and return to the bed.

We kiss again and I slip my finger inside her again while suckingher nipples she is obviously still horny and grabs my now rock hard cock againshe puts on the dom and climbs on top again after a while she comes again thenask did you come I say no not yet she says you fuck me and climbs off and layson her back and I enter her in missionary.

I pound her for some time and finally come again I lay therecompletely spent we kiss and cuddle she says you want to stay another hourreluctantly I say no thank you not today.

I shower and she leads me out holding my hand and kissing megood by in the hall way, I agree to come back and see her again soon.

A loverly lady great GFE and a definite to see again.


Floor: #74
Post Time: 12th June 2013, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: Unequivocal
Post Title: 
 40 Forge st, Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : 40 Forge st, Blacktown

Date of Visit : 06/05/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9831 1838

Hours of Business : N/A

Rates : $120/45mins

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim & Busty (C cup)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : 

First time stepping foot into the world of punting, so I decided to try a place far away from my usual haunts. Exterior of the establishment left something to be desired but the interior improved my initial impression of my visit here. Not really knowing how things are supposed to go, I'd say introductions were warm with staff and the girls on hand. I arrived fairly early (10.30am) on a Tuesday morning so business was slow and I had a selection of 4 women - 3 asian and 1 caucasian. Picked Tiffany in the end because of her energetic introduction and those gorgeous natural C cup breasts on her.

Things started off with a shower and a warm rub down as she dried me off. She was every bit as energetic as her introduction for the 45 minutes I had with her. Everything from the catbath to the very enjoyably wet and sloppy CBJ (which drove me crazy) to the various positions we tried (doggy, spoon, mish and finishing with a cowgirl) felt like a true PSE.

Since I'm new to the game, maybe I should've given her more/less praise but all I know is that my senses were tingling afterwards. Keen to spend more time with her soon!


Floor: #75
Post Time: 18th June 2013, 08:09 PM
Poster ID: 13sunset13
Post Title: 
 Blacktown 40 Forge - Ivy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

 Establishment : 40 Forge st, Blacktown

 Date of Visit : 15/6/2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9831 1838

 Hours of Business : 10am to late weekdays. Longer on weekends. 
 Rates : $140/60mins

 Age : Mid 20s

 Size/shape : Slim & Busty (C cup)

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : FS

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes. Definitely.

 My experience/comments : 

 I have been to Blacktown 40 a few times over the last 6 months and seen some lovely girls. Might do some reviews later. See how this goes. Last Saturday I thought I would venture over again. I have been looking at their website and several girls on their "gallery" have appealed. I thought I would try to see Ivy. I rang about 9pm and yes Ivy was available. I said I'll be there in about 15 minutes. I arrived and told the man I had a booking for Ivy and was shown to  a waiting room. A few minutes later a knock at the door and in walked a girl who looked very much like the girl on the website. After introductions she took my hand and led me to a room. A few kisses and we settled finances for an hour. She went off to pay the boss. I showered and she returned as I was getting out. More kisses, hugs and onto the bed for HJ and BBJ. Ivy is a very cheerful and friendly girl and giggles and laughs and is fun to be with. Just what I like. She put on a condom then climbed on for cowgirl and gyrated and bobbed around which was great to watch and felt great. She asked "you on top?" so we swapped positions and went for it in missionary. It didn't take long before I came and was a happy man. We lay together and kissed, cuddled and for me just relaxed while feeling in heaven for the remaining time. We showered separately. Probably my main thought about improvement here - the showers are small and showing wear and tear. Showering together is not really an option and larger newer showers would set this place up nicely. Anyway, left very satisfied with the overall experience, and told the man on the way out - "gorgeous girl" - which she was. I would love to see Ivy again. I was pleased that their website had proved to be useful. It definitely encourages me to visit here again. I don't think they do a live line up here but a website line up is probably better as you have time to think, and for me the live line up is too much pressure and I don't think nice for the girls. I would be interested to hear other people's comments about Blacktown 40 and shop websites in general.


Floor: #76
Post Time: 28th June 2013, 06:22 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
40 Forge St
Blacktown
98311838

Greetings mates.

This is a review of Angel.

Before I get going I need to tell you my nephew Efrem Zimbalist Farquar is a real pain in the neck. First, he now wants me to refer to him with his nickname of P.Diddy or Diddy. He’s a westie and that’s fine with me as everything west of Parramatta I refer to as Diddyland anyway.

It is in Diddyland that Diddy had his first bbj with cim. It was with an ancient Chinese granny who was old enough to have taught Confucius all he knew. Further, Diddy braved all the shit and cat piss out west to get a bbj from a Cauc milf who billed herself on Cracker as “lips of an angel”. After that escapade Diddy, taking a leaf from Colonel Kilgore in Apocalypse Now, stated “I love the smell of cat piss in the morning!”

Now, one of the last times we punted out west we went to Smithfield and I admit WE got bamboozled into taking two women who were not the pick of the litter in the line-up. This time the following exchange occurred with Diddy”

Diddy: And don’t let people foist hags on us like Smithfield.
Kerouac: Me? I don’t see any chains on you. You could have walked.
Diddy; Read my lips. NO HAGS.

Well, we entered this establishment and were greeted by a youngish papasan named Dickie, (and he is by the way like that). He would make a perfect alter ego for Billy at 143 Marrickville Rd. Billy is short and a bit fat and Dickie is tall and slim. Billy treats punters like fuckwits and with contempt, while Dickie lays on the friendliness with a trowel that is as genuine as a politicians promise or a $3 bill.

The waiting room smelled of cigarette smoke and was almost pitch black. There was porno playing on an old cathode ray TV. From what I could gather this porn was a black guy with a pencil thin cock that was about 8 metres long, sticking into a black woman whose birth canal must have been the same length as the pencil cock.

While we waited I pulled out my little torch. 9I shit you not, I carry a little torch.) and found the price list on a piece of paper stuck to the wall. It read 4140 for 60 minutes.

Anyway Dickie returns to the room with, you guessed it, two hags. Now I am sure they are nice hags, but that was not what we were after. I told Dickie I wanted to think things over with Diddy outside. The following conversation ensued”

Dickie: You can think inside.
Kerouac:  Outside where I can breathe air and not feel I’ve just smoked a carton of Old Woodbine.
Dickie: I get you two other girls.

Well the other two were hotties and Diddy chose one named Sasa or something and I got Angel.

The room also smelled of smoke and I think that’s because many of the wl’s smoke and Angel is one. The room was a bit dark and the water in the shower took about 8 years to heat up. The joint looks a bit tired and has all the energy level your grandmother would have in trying  to win the 100 metre dash at the next Olympics.

In the room Angel revealed herself to be very pretty. She possessed a flawless body, not fat and not thin. She had an absolutely beautiful pussy that was freshly shaven and really smooth. She had lovely B+ cups and very responsive nipples. She said she was 22 and I believe if that’s not true it is not far off the mark.

She was very service oriented. She provided great dfk, and good bbj and sex in any and all positions. She gave a sexy catbath all over and even her nipple suck was erotic. There was a mirror on the wall and I could see some of the action that was visible from the .5 watt light globe they had here.

She said she had been in Australia for 3 months and worked there for two months.

I had a good time and informed Diddy I am up for more adventures out this way.

I am still behind in my reviews. I still need to post on Ella out at Ingleburn and Nancy at 12 Bellevue.

But all of those adventures are for later.

Will see ya’ll again soon.

Until that time folks . . .until that time.

Jack


Floor: #77
Post Time: 1st August 2013, 04:48 PM
Poster ID: kk896
Post Title: 
 40 Forge St blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : WAWA

Establishment : 2/40 Forge st blacktown

Date of Visit : 27/07/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sydney West Best Brothel's Blacktown40 Roster - Beauty Town 2-40 Forge Street Blacktown 02 9831 1838
Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $80 half an hour .. special $100 for 40 mins

Age : Around 25
Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Not Really ...

My experience/comments :

Had a good punt just few weeks back when i was at carnegie pl at blacktown so went ahead to check fellow franchisee at forge st blacktown...

Nice quite place as it is industrial area.. if you are going in the dark this is a place to go ..

Well place looked busy so asked to be waited .. seen 3-4 girls but wawa looked more interested and slim so went ahead with it... 

Wanted to b there just half an hour, she insisted she does fantastic job and will make me cum twice.. seeing her enthusiasm i went with 40 mins @100 special

Seemed good with BBBJ.. but could not speak much english.. n may be thats why i could not find that connection.. Anyways after 10-15 mins of blowjob she came on top looked like she wanted to finish it off in a hurry... so i could not bother to ask her for more as i finished my load in 69 position..

she cleaned up n did some ok massage n its bye bye time ...

Not a really good experience... may be i should be more careful n choosing a punt !!!

Happy punting guys
KK


Floor: #78
Post Time: 9th October 2013, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: JIRAN
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : rainbow

Establishment : 2/40 Forge st blacktown

Date of Visit : 9/10/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Beauty Town 2-40 Forge Street Blacktown 02 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $80 half an hour .

Age : 45

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, 

Value for money/recommend? : not this time

after reading about rainbow on another site i called in to see her, looking at this places website one would get the impression the women here are mostly in their 20s, well today must have been granny day, i met 4 girls before rainbow was ready, one was in her 50s, the others were 40+ and one about 35, the place is decked out well but there is no air con, if there is its not working, poor ventilation and the male receptionist was smoking what smelt like indo cigs the whole place smelt of smoke, 
 rainbow was friendly , a woman i would enjoy spending time with. the room was stuffy and hot , i didnt find rainbow arousing, plenty of foam to begin but in the end she did enjoy daty, i didnt come so later  went to yokos to see  amy, then onto red sunset after that.


Floor: #79
Post Time: 20th October 2013, 01:14 PM
Poster ID: davpat88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown

Date of Visit : 18/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Beauty Town 2-40 Forge Street Blacktown 02 9831 1838 - Sydney West Best Brothel / 02 9831 1838 / 2-40 Forge St, Blacktown, NSW

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 
Duration                Massage    Full Service                                                                                                        
10 Minutes            $30              $55                                                                                                        
15 Minutes            N/A              $65                                                                                                        
20 Minutes            N/A              $75                                                                                                        
30 Minutes            $55              $80                                                                                                        
40 Minutes            N/A              $100  (Special!)                                                                                                        
45 Minutes            N/A              $120                                                                                                        
1 Hour                   N/A              $140

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided :BBBJ,FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments:

It's not often I'm in Blacktown so paid a visit to 40 forge on Friday based on some heavy promoting on another site and pics of girls that looked mostly good.

Location is right next to an auto store which can be busy at times but the boys there pay no attention as you stride past and into #40.

Premises are not as nice as the pics online. Very dark rooms and hallways, old fashioned suburban brothel feel. Young papasan greeted me and ushered into a dark, red lit waiting room. 5.mins later the line up of one (Coco) came in and said "how long?". No others available but she was pretty enough with a good figure so I say 45mins ($110).

She leads me thru the maze of hallways to what seemed like the very last room. Very spacious with a couch, shower sink and big bed, but none of these fixtures were in good condition and the floor was wet from previous punts. This mixed with no natural light and a red lamp being on makes this a depressing room despite the mirrored walls and decent size.

Shower, then Coco returns, strips down and greets me with a nice smile. Slight sag in the tummy, but nice tits and a cute face so no problems. BBBJ first for a few mins with a wandering tongue and good technique. Cowgirl, Mish, spread eagle on the edge of the bed, then a long doggy session as I pull out and blow on her ass and back, lovely.

Coco is a great fuck and does a good job of making the right noises at the right times and is not afraid to scream a bit as she came twice. 

Overall a good fuck in below average premises. As I was leaving there was a group of 3 young guys yelling with papasan about wanting some girl who was busy...It was a heated conversation and everyone was yelling, not a nice impression.

Premises 4/10
Coco looks 8/10
Coco performance 8.5/10
VFM 7.5/10

I would happily see Coco again, but not at this place.


Floor: #80
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 03:56 AM
Poster ID: inoob
Post Title: 
 Sasha
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : SASHA

Establishment : Beauty town, blacktown nsw

Date of Visit : 13/09/2013

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $140 an hour

Age : about 25

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS,

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :

is was 2011 when i first went to blacktown. i ask the receptionist about the best girl and she introduced me to sasha. the i asked sasha why u r recommended. she said she is good and guaranteed me that i will leave the room with  i really did actually. when i entered the room i tooe shower and after a couple of minutes she entered and start with kissing. then the turned me over and start licking my asshole. it was my first time and was awesome. then blowjob then i start fucking. and every time i see her she comes up with different technicians for blowbjob. she is really at bj.


Floor: #81
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 04:19 AM
Poster ID: inoob
Post Title: 
 Cici
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CICI

Establishment : Beauty Town - 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown - 02 9831 1838

Date of Visit : 1/11/2013

Hours of Business : Works on tuesday and thursday for sure

Rates : $140 an hour

Age : about 22-25

Size/shape : b cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, dp , full service

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely yes!

My experience/comments :

That day i was looking for sasha she was there but was bz i guess. i wanted to wait but she told me about her friend cici. I had no option so i took her. but it was a great decision that i realized. i dont know why but this girl smells so good, my b she uses good shower gel . she doesnt do riming but she did a good bj and she ride on the dick like she was waiting for it for a long time. She really enjoined it not like the other girls who just take it as a profession. the whole experience was soo good that i booked her for 2 hours next time. i for get to tell she is very energetic and she was not looking tired for that two hours even after a lot of banging. she is highly recommended


Floor: #82
Post Time: 8th November 2013, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hitlar08


Person's Name : CICI

Establishment : Beauty Town - 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown - 02 9831 1838
.

"""



Thank you for your review hitlar08.

Good first attempts.


Floor: #83
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: bartok
Post Title: 
 Sasa
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasa

Establishment : 2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown

Date of Visit : 29/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 10AM - Late 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $100 for 40 minutes

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : Size 8/10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, Massage, DFK, BBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good service

My experience/comments :

Well it's been a few years since I've lodged an official report since I have been in Singapore for the past 2 years. Unfortunately, there has been very minimal punting in Singapore only because of a girlfriend. Every now and then I have logged on to this site to check all of the great reports that are submitted for other shops.

Walking in to Forge Street brought back some very fond memories until the receptionist greeted me. I always remember the receptionist called David quite a few years ago who seemed a pretty reasonable and honest guy. He always seemed to point me in the right direction as far as good punts were concerned. I had a few favourites such as Donna (we just seemed to click and I would love to meet up with her again), Cici (who seems to have disappeared as well), Lulu (Thai who recently retired) et al but even if these girls were not on, I could always rely on David to pick what I liked. As far as the new receptionist whom I believe has been there for a while, I don't believe that he really cares as long as you spend the money. I had some dealings quite a while ago with this guy and he just lied about several girls. If it was not so close to where I lived then I would not visit this establishment.

Anyway, three girls came to meet me each wanting to drag me to their room stating they would provide good suck. It must be the standard phrase these days! Unfortunately, all were fairly big units and although busty really did not do it for me. The last one said that she were no other ladies so I said I would speak to the receptionist and then low and behold another came through the door  this was Sasa. I have seen Sasa a couple of year ago and whilst I wanted something a little different I knew she provided good service.

Sasa is Chinese, around 165 CM but has put a little weight in since I last saw her. Actually not a bad thing since I always thought she was a little too skinny. She is probably a size 10. We went to her room and I took the $100 40 minute deal. A quick shower and Sasa was back before I finished. In that time I could hear another WL getting a pounding from some punter  lots of noises from the working lady obviously enjoying.

Sasa de-robed and she is quite busty. I guess around C+ that appear real and she is shaved. A little bit of a chat and Sasa requested I turn on my front for a cat bath/body to body. It was enjoyable but she started concentrating on the old back passage and whilst many punters like I am not a fan so I turned over for a very, very nice BBBJ. This girl knows what she is doing and at one stage, I was about to come. I stopped her and we got into some DFK. She really likes it and at the same time she was grinding her pussy on my cock. It was very nice. I decided on a bit of DATY and Sasa was getting worked up (yes probably acting but it sounded good). Then a bit of cock sliding on her very wet pussy, a bit more DATY then further cock slide then on with the condom. We went for it for about 10-15 minutes with lots of DFK then I let go.

Overall, a very good girlfriend experience. I don't thing Sasa will let you down if you want good service for a reasonable price. I'm sure there a few more high quality girls here but I just have problem with the receptionist.


Floor: #84
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
bartok, a nice session with Sasa so always worth asking (and being prepared to walk) when they say no-one else is there.


Floor: #85
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: bartok
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes absolutely WOTAN010. If Sasa had not come in then I definitely would have walked even if that meant going for a cold shower at home Fortunately I know this place from past experience and there are always 10 girls working so if you can't see many cars or punters around then you know it is all a ruse to get you to take the first WL that walks through the door.


Floor: #86
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 10:48 AM
Poster ID: pale_enchanter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : 2/40 Forge St Blacktown

Date of Visit : 24/12/13 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 10 AM until late

Rates : $150 an hour

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : slim  a cup's   tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : taiwanese

Services Provided : bbbj daty  covered full service 

Value for money/recommend? :  undecided

My experience/comments :   

Had to travel for xmas eve  so thought i would stop into 2/40 forge  as i hadn't been there for a while.  Was greeted at the door  by the male receptionist   and asked if i wanted to see anyone particular . i asked if any girls  into anal were working  he said  no.  So got led into the waiting room.

  First girl came into the room  and  didn't quite catch the name  small short chinese girl  so i bet that narrows it down for  the regulars that go there lol .   Wasn't quite feeling it with her  and asked her to ask for another girl to be sent in  .  At first  she kind of pretended to not hear me  and  grab my hand  but i repeated  it  and she left.

   Second girl came  in  and wow  she was tall   with  those lovely long legs .    She smiled and  said her name was bella .  It took all of my concentration  to take my eyes off her legs  to smile and grab hold of her hand.  She led me to her room  where the usual routine of finances  and showering  took place.  She went and showered elsewhere  as  the shower in the room was very small.  

   Bella returned  as i was lying on the bed .  She hooked up her phone and played some music on it  and slowly undressed at the foot of the bed .   She proceeded  to give a very prolonged catbath   which was very nice   and went onto  a bbbj  with  some ball sucking .  after 15 minutes of this  with her  stopping  on my cock and balls  to  kiss different  parts  of my body, i told her to lay down  tried to dfk   by get met  with closed lips  so  proceeded  to do some nipple sucking  etc   and moved on down to daty.  She was very resposive  to daty  and after about 10 minutes  she came .  Once she had cum she said  don't you know girls get tired after they cum   i laughed and said  okay i'll fuck you until you recover  to which she smiled.  On  withe dom  and    started to fuck her is missionary varying  angles and speed  .   i wanted to see that ass   to told her to switch to doggy.  Spreaded those ass cheeks wide and watched my cock  slide in and out of her  pussy  was great  .   Time was running out  as there was a big clock on the fall  which was good.   i slapped her ass and pushed her down  so she was lying on her stomach  and  fucked her from behind like that at a good pace. Grabbed hold of her hair and pulled her head back as i came.   i pulled out and she laid there a few minutes  and i got up and headed to the shower.  i wasn't  until i got out  of the shower  she moved  and got my towel for me.  
     With 5 minutes left  we talked abit about herslef   what she was doing with her life  and how she got her height from her father.  She was a nice girl  and was good in bed  but the no dfk put me off a bit so don't think i'd see her again


Floor: #87
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: leatherface
Post Title: 
 Beauty Town - 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown - 02 9831 1838
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : michele

Establishment : Beauty Town

Date of Visit : 7/01/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  2-40 Forge St 02 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $90/hlf hr

Age : late teen erly 20

Size/shape : slim, short small tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : standard. CBJ, mish, doggie,

Recommend? : yes but no if u like it passionate

My experience/comments : 

Been to this joint several times before and left feeling satisfied most times... this was not one of them.

For those whoo havent visited this place its worth a try. Standard of girls are decent, some older ones but mostly young. Have had the pleasure of finding some real gems here. All asian but i have seen a few of other nationality but very rare (one dynamite spanish named bella a few months ago).
The place is your ordinary budget sort of joint. Rooms look decent but can do with some renos. Some rooms also smell a bit.

Only 2 girls available. Went with michele as the other looked older and not as attractive

Not sure if she was having a bad day or if she was tired (9:00 pm by than) but seemed uninterested. Left the room while showering and took ages to come bak.

Told me to lay on bed and started HJ and than very quik nipple lick to get me hard which always works for me. After a very sloppy and soft CBJ we did missionry. She is very tight and doesnt mind her tits suckd/fondled but no kissing. Doggie was even tighter as u would expect and i blew my juices about 2 mins in while cupping her small yet firm tits with both hands. Oh yeh shes got a great arse with some tats too...

Had about 10 mins left but decided to leave. I usualy dnt ask for massage but will accept if offered. 
Will only she her again as a last resort. Great features but average service.


Floor: #88
Post Time: 11th January 2014, 06:43 AM
Poster ID: punter6
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey ksmith707
you know if Lily still works there. I have been tryinh to find her since she left 116 hampden rd, but to no avail. But judging from the description this girl fits the bill. Lily i knew was thai around size 8 to 10 with a curvy ass. Beautifully shaved pussy with a slight husky voice. 
Let me know if you can. No luck with the shop as they keep referring to other girls.
thanking you in advance
punter6.


Floor: #89
Post Time: 11th January 2014, 12:04 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by punter6


Hey ksmith707
you know if Lily still works there. I have been tryinh to find her since she left 116 hampden rd, but to no avail. But judging from the description this girl fits the bill. Lily i knew was thai around size 8 to 10 with a curvy ass. Beautifully shaved pussy with a slight husky voice. 
Let me know if you can. No luck with the shop as they keep referring to other girls.
thanking you in advance
punter6
"""



Punter6 the only one way to find out would be to make a visit and ask in person to the receptionist.


Floor: #90
Post Time: 11th March 2014, 01:39 PM
Poster ID: ancienttrollery
Post Title: 
 Tiffany 2/40 Forge street Blacktown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment :  Brothel

Date of Visit : 07/03/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/40 Forge street Blacktown

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : 150/1hr

Age : 25-27

Size/shape : 8... tall, nice boobs, nice ass, shaved puss ... japanese

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for sure

My experience/comments :  [COLOR=#333333]Rang door bell and the guy in charge opened the door.[/COLOR][COLOR=#333333] Was directed to a room and he said i had to wait 5-10 minutes because it was busy. at that time i think Tiffany was starting her shift she came and the guy told her 'customer waiting in room' she opened the door and i saw her she wasn't half naked she wore a dress and she's like im starting now, and she said no time to change. i picked her because she had nice body and young .. then she took me to a room and she strips down and change to her working clothe and looked at me asked hw long. i took one hour.. [/COLOR][COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333] she gave me a minute to get undressed and have shower. when she came in she undressed. and she gave the best blowjob ever and[/COLOR][/COLOR][COLOR=#333333]. She continues sucking my cock and I got her to suck my balls while I start pulling my cock. then she jumped on me, damn she was tight, then she was riding my cock and then after all that. it was 5 minutes to go she offered me a massage and it was soo good.

[/COLOR]top rated brothel maybe that's why it was busy and 5/5 for Tiffany , even though i couldn't get a choice to pick or see other girls she was worth my money


Floor: #91
Post Time: 13th March 2014, 08:24 AM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasa

Establishment : 2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown

Date of Visit : 03/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 10AM - Late 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $100 for 40 minutes

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : Size 8/10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, Massage, DFK, BBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good service

My experience/comments :

I remember seeing Sasa a long time ago and having a really good time. 
Decided to pop in and she was available. 
Same great service, some DFK followed by a long session of oral pleasure. 
She would not do CIM though which was fine. 

I wanted her raunchy CG which she is great at. 
A reliable fuck


Floor: #92
Post Time: 20th September 2014, 09:23 AM
Poster ID: bartok
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The long drives to 533 are becoming a little tedious even though there some great WLs there. I know many will say ring the receptionist here but I unfortunately I have no trust in these guys at 40 - I'm sure they would sell their family for a 1 hour session so my question is whether Tiffany stills works here?


Floor: #93
Post Time: 22nd September 2014, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: ancienttrollery
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i think this place is no more. last time i went there they had note sayin we moved to 8 carnegie pl blacktown


Floor: #94
Post Time: 22nd September 2014, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: 13sunset13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It would have to happen eventually you would think as I hear both have the same owner and 8 Carnegie is newer. However, in my opinion both are terrible in regard to customer service. I have seen some nice girls there but reception very frustrating, unhelpful and uncaring. Website at least a few years old. Cant find an up to date, reliable roster anywhere. Walk in the door and who knows what you might be offered. Hopefully, if the two places have merged they might start to modernise the organisation of their customer service. Pleased provide an honest, reliable, up to date roster. Western Sydney should be a good market.


Floor: #95
Post Time: 22nd September 2014, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ancienttrollery


i think this place is no more. last time i went there they had note sayin we moved to 8 carnegie pl blacktow
"""



ancient I have no idea where you got that from that is definitely incorrect. Either that or whoever told you that misunderstood. They are still advertising and upon checking with the shop it was confirmed that it was not true.

I note that you have never posted a Review on 40 Forge St only one on 8 Carnegie which was not very current and was not accepted for Bronze.

Please do not post incorrect scuttlebutt on this site as it is not appreciated.

In fact I note that you have only posted one complying http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f286/8...93/#post125746 Review, your first one http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f55/wi...89/#post125745 was not accepted as it was outside the time frame and all you have done in the meantime is to post comments or ask questions. 

For this reason I am dropping you back to Registered User status so you will need to post another complying Review to regain Bronze status.

Wotan010


Floor: #96
Post Time: 22nd September 2014, 05:42 PM
Poster ID: 13sunset13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If the original information is incorrect I apologise. However, I would still like to see improvement in honest, up to date information in regard to girls and services offered at both places. I have had some good times at both and it disappoints me that they don't seem to care about providing their customers with reliable information about what they have to offer. I cant see  myself going to either again until some improvement is evident. There are too may other good places around that attempt to treat their customers better.


Floor: #97
Post Time: 22nd September 2014, 05:54 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by 13sunset13


If the original information is incorrect I apologise. However, I would still like to see improvement in honest, up to date information in regard to girls and services offered at both places. I have had some good times at both and it disappoints me that they don't seem to care about providing their customers with reliable information about what they have to offer. I cant see  myself going to either again until some improvement is evident. There are too may other good places around that attempt to treat their customers better
"""



I can see that you have been to 8 Carneigie St but no 40 Forge St but I cannot find your Review, can you post me the link?

Very few websites are correct but there are a couple of exceptions.


Floor: #98
Post Time: 24th September 2014, 12:04 PM
Poster ID: 13sunset13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


I can see that you have been to 8 Carneigie St but no 40 Forge St but I cannot find your Review, can you post me the link?

Very few websites are correct but there are a couple of exceptions
"""



I did review of Ivy on 18th June 2013. Please check. Unfortunately, when I rang and asked for her a few months later reception had not heard of her. Very frustrating. She is still on their website. It's things like this that don't encourage me to visit this place.  Would appreciate if anyone has information if Ivy is still working anywhere.


Floor: #99
Post Time: 6th October 2014, 10:05 AM
Poster ID: bartok
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was a regular at Blacktown 40 a number of years ago. I enjoyed going there. The reception David was a pretty reliable source of information. There were some great ladies whom unbeknown to me apparently worked at 533 and 64. I was a bit of a novice back then.

I frequent 533 mostly these days. It is a trek for me to get there but generally the girls are pretty good so there is consistency. My preference is to go to Blacktown because it is so much closer but the new receptionists (probably for the last 2-3 years) have been appalling simply because their only interest is to get you in the door irrespective of whether the lady you have asked for is there or not. I am not the only one that has made these comments. Marketing is not their strong skill even though 533 and 64 prove that letting punters know who is on when really pays of.

I would prefer to go to Blacktown - 15 minuted to get there compared to 50 minutes to get to 533 is far more attractive. Because I am sick of ringing Blacktown then arriving only to find the lady isn't working, I rely on intel in these forums. I have been told by one of my favourites, Sasa that many of 533 and 64 girls actually work a day or two here. How can I get this intel?


Floor: #100
Post Time: 6th November 2014, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: 13sunset13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I noted a few signs recently of interest from Blacktown 40 in regard to updated rosters and website. There are a few new photos on the website but still a lot of old ones of girls who appear to have left ages ago. I thought I would give the place a visit and see if things had improved at all. I have visited twice recently on a Sunday. Reception helpful, honest and pleasant to deal with. I saw Lucy one evening and Bella on the other. Both girls very nice and left happy both times. May do longer reviews later on girls, but for now I hope Blacktown 40 can continue to improve in regard to honest and accurate roster and website information and helpful reception. It would be great to have something approaching 533 and TP64 in the area. Perhaps this is an unrealistic dream but with a bit of effort why not? Are the economics of the business not there? Why can 533 and 64 do it and other places cant or don't?


Floor: #101
Post Time: 14th December 2014, 02:28 PM
Poster ID: bartok
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasa

Establishment : 2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown

Date of Visit : 11/10/2014 & 02/12/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 10AM - Late .... some days are 24 hours

Rates : $100 for 40 minutes

Age : 35

Size/shape : Size 8/10, D cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Always good service

My experience/comments :

I've visited Sasa many times over the years. In fact at one stage she become my go to girl towards the back end of my stint of visiting Blacktown 40.

Without going into a great deal of detail, I do not believe that I have ever had a bad punt with this lady. She enjoys passionate kissing, DATY plus provides a great BBBJ. She really enjoys a good punning as well. On the second occasion I did not cum which some times happens to me these days. I guess old age catching up. Sasa was most concerned but I convinced her that I really enjoyed my session.

During the second session, we were discussing the fact that I really was not visiting Blacktown because of two reasons: the poor customer service from some of the papasans (there are a couple of exceptions e.g. Ben) and the lack of visibility of the girls roster. Sasa, who was Demi at 533, said that there were quite a few girls that actually worked at Blacktown who also worked at 533 and TP64. She mentioned Bibi (who was Yuki at Blacktown 40) and Ada but of course, I cannot take of advantage of Bibi because she has left our shores. She did mention a few others but i cannot remember there names. Anyway, Sasa did also give me some tips of some other good girls at Blacktown namely, Selena, Rachel, Nono (who apparently is Sasa' real sister) and I think Bobo for memory. As it happened, we passed Selena as i was leaving and she looked very tempting and because the tanks were still full I took the half hour option. Next review coming up.

In summary, Sasa is always good value.


Floor: #102
Post Time: 28th December 2014, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: mannykay
Post Title: 
 Alisa - Blacktown 40
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Alisa[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Establishment : 40 Forge St, Blacktown[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : 07/11/2014[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 40 Forge St, Blacktown, 9831 1838 [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : 9:30 till late[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates : $140 an hour[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age : Late 20's[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : Slim size 6, petite and slender, proportional. [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : Yes[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#333333]
My experience/comments :[/COLOR]

Haven't been punting in a while, yet on this night I felt a seedy compulsion to seek out my lustful inhibitions. I'm very drawn to Blacktown for reasons I'm still trying to come to terms with. They're infamous and notorious for subpar customer service and a hit and miss with the WLs. But somehow, like cheap fast food, I just feel the need for late at night, cheap and seedy experience.

I finally took the plunge and made the drive to Blacktown area. First stop was Blacktown 8, however none of their girls interested me, so I left and naturally hopped over to the sister shop of 40 Forge St. They had less girls, but the establishment seemed less drug fucked. Most of the girls seemed quite good, say Bella and Sasa are notable examples and are on my list. However Alisa just had an aura about her that's difficult to put into words. Her face was 'pretty', like a young girl just beginning to show some signs of maturity, long straight black hair, very slender and proportional body, nice hand-sized tits (natural) and for the cherry on top she had a very serene yet cheeky demeanour to her that attracted me right away.

In the room, her service was above average. She had a very sensual touch and knew the ropes. Proceeded into BBBJ, wasn't sure about CIM but I never asked. She enjoyed being touched around and was down with 69 and general DATY. Positions she excelled at were cowgirl and doggie, great view with her shapely ass. Alisa was very genuine with her pleasure, as I didn't detecting any FOAMing and seemed to really enjoyed her time. Going to the edge with doggie was too intense for me and I busted my nut in the dom and collapsed. She giggled and got up to shower. 

Alisa was all smiles and seemed like a very content and secure person. We had a very in depth chat afterwards and if you're nice, she's an open book. Time was up so we got dressed, hugged, gave her tits a cheeky squeeze and left quite satisfied. 

Overall, Alisa is the type of lady where her personality shines. A very pleasant person that I would even like to spend time together in a non punt environment. She had no ulterior motives and was genuine in her dealings. Skills wise she's got the basics down, but I mostly enjoyed exploring her slender body. It was by no means extraordinary, but if you're after a nice and chilled session and to wind down and relax, Alisa is your girl. I'd definitely go back and see her for a longer session if I ever need a time out.


Floor: #103
Post Time: 20th January 2015, 10:09 PM
Poster ID: bartok
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selena

Establishment : 2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown

Date of Visit : 11/10/2014 & 18/10/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 10AM - Late .... some days are 24 hours

Rates : $100 for 40 minutes

Age : 30

Size/shape : Size 8, D cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Good service

My experience/comments :

I know this is quite old but as Selena still works here I thought it may be useful to those who visit Blacktown.

As per my comments in reviewing Sasa, I met Selena on the way out after visiting Sasa, who on this occasion could not get me over the line. Selena looked particularly sexy showing her ample breasts so I decided to take the 40 minute option.

After the formalities I lay on the bed whilst Selena disrobed. Now Selena is not your typical tiny asian. She is quite tall with a slightly larger frame. Her breasts are great so I played with them for a short while then we partook in a bit of DFK followed by a very, very nice BBBJ. Given that I had spent 40 minutes with Sasa I thought it would be an uphill battle to get over the line, however, Selena was particularly proficient to the extent that she had me on the edge within 5 minutes. I wanted to make full use of the 40 minutes so decided to return the favour so I gave her more DFK, kissed her lovely breasts then licked her very nice pussy. Selena seemed to be genuinely enjoying it and I thought she may have cum although you can never tell whether it is a great act. Anyway, I asked for the dom and we fucked in mish then doggy until I blew my load.

I really enjoyed my first session with Selena and returned a week later. It was much the same session but with a lot more passion. I will return to see Selena as she gives good service. One point I will make and I actually did not detect while kissing her was that she is a smoker, which in my view is a bit of a downer. That said, she hides it particularly well. Worth a visit.


Floor: #104
Post Time: 2nd May 2015, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: uglyphil
Post Title: 
 Mimi- Lovely "Schoolgirl"
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Blacktown 40

Date of Visit : Sunday 26th April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home | Western Sydney's Best Brothel

Hours of Business : Unsure, but I suspect 10Am-12PM (like most)

Rates : $140/hour

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : Size 6, A-B cup, very pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, DFK, DATY, FS

Recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Went down to Sydneytown to participate in the Camp Gallipoli and had a great time there.  Heading home on Sunday, I took a detour and visited this establishment which I have not been to since I first started punting two years ago.  It was actually the site of my second ever punt and I only have not returned as I wanted to experience other places.

Walked in and the first lady through the door was Mimi.  She was dressed in one of those cute little sailor/schoolgirl outfits, but it was her smile, firm grip and welcoming manner that had me transfixed.

So I paid for the hour and we went into the room.  I showered and Mimi returned and we began to DFK like long-lost lovers.  Soon I was dining on her sweet pussy and unlike other WLs I have encountered she was happy for me to keep going after she had cum, so I did :P

After 20 minutes I raised my head and we kissed again (good, I love a girl who is happy to taste herself) and she looked at me, smiled and said: "My turn".

She then proceeded to give me a more than adequate BBBJ.  Like most Chinese ladies she could not take me deep, but was enthusiastic, sloppy and loved to lick up and down the length of the shaft.  Her ball technique was also one of the best I have encountered as other ladies tend to cause me some some pain, but she was soft, sensual and delicate.

On with the dom and she mounted me and began to ride vigorously.  From this we moved into mish and I soon came into the dom.  For the next 10 minutes we simply lay down, talked and kissed and cuddled.

Mimi initiated round 2 by going down and sucking my cock again, but try as we might I could not cum a second time (doggy, sideways doggy etc).  However I was happy to pay for another half hour.  Mimi smiled and suggested a full hour and I have to admit I fell for the spiel.  We spent the next half hour in various positions, used several condoms and eventually I came again.  While lieing down and talking Mimi started to wank me and allowed me to play lightly with her asshole, although when I tried to gently insert she only allowed a short entrance before gently pulling my hand away, smiling and calling me a "naughty man", laughing all the time as she did so and cleaning my finger with a wet wipe (so I am pretty sure I did not offend her).  The experience had me very hard again though and so she lay down and kissed me passionately and encouraged me to cum on her.  After a few minutes wanking and with her added stimulation, I managed to do so, and we were both surprised at the volume for a 3rd shot!

While we both showered, we continued to talk and Mimi asked me to promise to see her again.  I unhesitatingly did so, and will see her in the next few weeks.  She is kind, sweet and passionate, so why wouldn't I?


Floor: #105
Post Time: 10th May 2015, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: uglyphil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Blacktown 40

Date of Visit : Sunday 26th April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home | Western Sydney's Best Brothel

Hours of Business : Unsure, but I suspect 10Am-12PM (like most)

Rates : $140/hour

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : Size 6, B cup, very pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, french kiss">DFK, DATY, FS

Recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments : 

Decided on a follow up punt with Mimi as I had promised her I would.  After our discussion last time, I knew she is a mother and so for Mother's Day I brought her a box of chocolates (I do not know her tastes well enough for anything else...yet).  She was delighted at this and I got some of the best service I have EVER had.

I paid for the two hours straight up this time.  I knew we would have a wonderful time.  I was not mistaken.  After DATY in which I made sure she came we had sex in a variety of positions until we both came again.  A brief pause while we chatted and then we started to have sex again.  Mimi did not want to use lube and it proved troublesome the second time (she joked she was a "virgin").  So I DATYed her again and wow, this time she went off!  When I entered her the second time she was SOAKING... so much so I can safely say that I have only felt so wet in my groin two other times in my punting life.  Once was with the legendary Jenna (whom I miss terribly) and the other time(s) have been with my favourite WL, who is my secret 

Sex in many positions and Mimi only got wetter, with even Mimi commenting on how wet she was before I came over her stomach.  We then cuddled and snuggled and Mimi fell briefly asleep in my arms.  While it could be BS her comments about how I make her feel safe and how she came so often are very nice for this dude's ego.  I will be back.

As always, YMMV.


Floor: #106
Post Time: 13th May 2015, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: bartok
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mendy

Establishment : 2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown

Date of Visit : 31/01/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 10AM - Late .... some days are 24 hours

Rates : $110 for 40 minutes

Age : 20 - 25

Size/shape : Size 6, B++ cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnam

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Vanilla punt

My experience/comments :

I've visited Beauty Town in the hope of seeing a gem ..... yes there are still some there although with their random marketing and very ordinary reception skills its hard to determine whether there are any good ones on a particular day.

When I arrived I was ushered into one of the waiting rooms by Ben and asked to wait for a few of the available ones to present. The first couples looked quite ordinary and then a very cute Vietnamese WL came in - her name was Mendy. She was friendly, attractive and had a very nice figure but not that busty as I like them. Anyway I thought I would give her a road test so I asked for 40 minutes and she asked for $110, which I thought was different to the last time I visited but decided to hand over the month in the hope that she was worth the extra $10.

During my shower, Mendy arrived back in the room and immediately disrobed to reveal a very tidy body. She was chatty and from what I could gather was an Australian born Vietnamese girl. I was asked to lie on the bed and after tying back her hair, she dommed me up for a CBJ. It was ok but the session felt rather clinical. The CBJ went for a while then she asked whether I wanted to fuck her. I answered in the affirmative and she applied the lube before we took on the missionary position. Mendy was tight in line with her cute body but there was no LFK or DFK. After about five (5) minutes, she asked whether I wanted doggy and so we changed to this position. Whilst it was enjoyable and I think she seemed to be enjoying, I just couldn't get right into the session. Whilst I eventually came in doggy, I just felt that she was going through the motions.

I am sure with time Mendy could become a top WL with her body. She is a really nice person and I believe that she really tried. It may also be that she is young and new to the game but I would not return based on this fairly vanilla session. Perhaps I'm just use to the WL skilled in their craft such as Ayumi, Karen, Macy, Molly, Joye @ 533. 

I will still intermittently visit Beauty Town in search of those cute WL.


Floor: #107
Post Time: 9th July 2015, 02:20 AM
Poster ID: chaluxx
Post Title: 
 Bella - Blacktown 40
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Blacktown 40

Date of Visit : 31/5/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 40 Forge Street Blacktown NSW, 9831 1838

Hours of Business : Round the clock

Rates : $85 (30 min)

Age : 26

Size/shape : 8, C Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : GFE, BBBJ, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

40 Forge Street has run down over the years. It is dark and one can always smell smoke in the environment. The facilities are not upto the mark. The guys who manage the place do not give you the correct information.

However besides all of this, Bella is a good service provider. She takes a lot pride in providing a good experience to her customers, which is a pure GFE. She normally works once or twice a week. You never know whether she is working unless you land there.  A few times I had to return due to incorrect information.

 My experience with her has always been positive in an otherwise dark & dingy facility. Probably you get the best value for money with her.


Floor: #108
Post Time: 26th July 2015, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: bartok
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yukie

Establishment : 2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown

Date of Visit : 25/07/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9831 1838

Hours of Business : 10AM - Late .... some days are 24 hours

Rates : $100 for 40 minutes

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : Size 6, C+ cup breasts (Enhanced I suspect)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : BBJ, LFK, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Very reasonable

My experience/comments :

I was feeling horny so I wanted to visit 533 or 142. I rang up around mid-day and Ella from 533 and Gigi from 142 would not be available for an hour or two. Its a 45 minute trip to 533 and a 30 minute trip to 142 and I was concerned the gestapo would start getting a little suspicious so I decided to visit Blacktown 40, which was my old hunting ground.

After some quick research, I decided that Yuki might be worth a try so I booked her. I got there in 15 minutes and Benny who is probably the only one I really trust had Yuki waiting for me. Yuki is relatively attractive with a good size 6 body that it is slightly impacted with the enhancements. Its not a bad job and its hard to describe. I guess they look like independent melons sitting on either side of her chest. A better surgeon would have really made her body look very nice indeed.

After the mandatory shower, Yuki turned the music on her iPad up to some up beat song then asked me to lay on the bed. She commenced sucking on my nipples before moving south. She actually performed a more than satisfactory BBBJ and at times moved her head quickly around to the beat of the music. The BBBJ actually started getting really good with these fast movements. At the slow pints in the music she went to DT and I was beginning to think that CIM was not too far away. Yuki stopped before the inevitable and lay down for a bit of DATY. It was difficult to tell whether she was enjoying as there was no FOAM but she was touching her breasts and at one stage put a handful of tissues under her butt. After about 5 minutes or so I moved up and started a pussy slide. She actually started to make some noises suggesting that she may not be far of coming but given the session was closing soon I asked for a condom. Yuki was pretty wet and at first, we had not synced the rhythm but after a short while I really could feel her wetness and her pussy tightening on my cock. She lifted her legs higher which I took as a sign she wanted it hard and fast. I maintained this for quite some time with Yuki making lots of noises. Her pussy muscles were clenching my cock and I surrender with a few days load.

I actually liked Yuki and enjoyed her service. She has a little bit of a weird sense of humour but provided everything I wanted at the time. Her body is great and I think she probably would get better over time. Yuki works at Blacktown 40 on Friday and Saturdays and Blacktown 8 on Tuesday and Wednesdays. I'm unsure where else she works.


Floor: #109
Post Time: 9th November 2015, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: uglyphil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Punters can be aware that 40 Forge St, and the sister shop 8 Flushcombe, have both reduced their prices to $130/hr.

Apparently this is due to competition from a new shop in Seven Hills.

Happy punting


Floor: #110
Post Time: 20th December 2015, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: lovegun
Post Title: 
 Rainbow - Beauty Town - 9831 1838
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : RAINBOW

Establishment : BEAUTY TOWN - Unit 2, 40 Forge Street BLACKTOWN

Date of Visit : Sunday 29 November 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9831 1838    Home | Western Sydney's Best Brothel

Hours of Business : 10am - 3am

Rates : $90 - 30 Min's, $140 - 60 Min's

Age : 34

Size/shape : Medium Build, size 10 - 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full service (BBBJ, Rimming, COF, Massage, Covered Sex)

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : I have visited this place many times over the years and Rainbow has been one of the regular girls I see. It is an Asian establishment with the occasional Caucasian girl every now and again. The girls change so often you cannot keep up however luckily for me RAINBOW has been there for over a year now. She provides a GFE to me and I really love that she is not your typically thin small breasted Asian girl. She has natural D cup tits. She can take a good pounding and talks dirty sometimes which is a turn-on.


Floor: #111
Post Time: 21st June 2016, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: paddyo
Post Title: 
 Summer 2/40 Forge Street, Blacktown.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : Beauty Town

Date of Visit : 17/06/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home |

Hours of Business : n/k

Rates : $75/30mins Full service

Age : Website says 26 but would say late 30s

Size/shape : Tall slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore on website,  Chinese maybe

Services Provided : FS, CBJ and Pussyplay

Value for money/recommend? :no but Cheap

My experience/comments : Was toying with the idea of going to 28 Hope street Seven Hills as I was in the Blacktown area,  drove past this place and decided to give a go instead.  Website indicated that it was $75/30mins had $80 in my pocket so in I went.  Buzzed into the door and and met with security (tall asian gentleman)  showed me into the viewing room indicating only Asian girls in this establishment.  I was expecting a selection so when Summer made her introduction and I was waiting for the next lady summer motioned me to come with her,  hmm maybe the $75 special means lucky dip.  Summer was tall wearing a leather type bikini and heels,  nice legs etc.  Into the room which was clean sorted out my 4 Lobsters and off Summer  to get my change went while I had a shower.  She Came back and I was already on the bed,  she said wash pussy and jumped into the shower to wash.  I had a look at her body and it was ok,  no scars etc and rig was lightly trimmed.  She give me a massage which was rubbish but playing with her tits and pussy so no objection with my finger on her clit,  I was getting a hard on and she popped on the dom,  give me a nice slobbery CBJ was alright except the slurpy noises can put me off. She lubed up my cock and impaled her self on for some cow girl,  after a while I changed for some mish and then into doggy where I got a good view of my cock going in and out of her body.  Wasn't long before I was over the line,  there was only 20mins on the clock after she had cleaned up and she offered a massage but I declined prefer to take the shower and get out.  Walked out 5 mins before my time,  over all experience was a bit clinical but cheap.

I usually only do RNT as I like massage and I often find FS not worth the extra cash but every now and then I do FS brothels instead.  I got the release here for $75 which is not much more than $60 in a Thai RNT but without the massage I found poor value for me unless its something on my bucket list or on the wild side.

I will only return to this establishment if there was a lady I know I could click with and have some real fun.


Floor: #112
Post Time: 9th September 2016, 10:48 PM
Poster ID: rc005
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lala

Establishment : Blacktown 40

Date of Visit : 08/09/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 40 Forge Street Blacktown NSW, 9831 1838

Hours of Business : Round the clock

Rates : $130 (60 min) + $50 For extras

Age : 30-40 

Size/shape : Mid built, slim.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean (Thats what she said)

Services Provided : GFE, BBBJ, french kiss">DFK, CFS, Anal (Extra )

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe Yes

My experience/comments :
Havent been to this place for a long time now, made some time and visited the place at the evening, showed the waiting room, Lala was the first one and she said it was her first day there, so I took her for hr.
Payment made for to the room, had the shower, she started neg about extras, BBBJ and  anal is extra started of with $100 and then came down to $50, made the payment. Started of with some LFK and some more DFK, and moved to DATY, put my fingers in she started to enjoy it, went on with it for some, she was wet after some time, told me to lay down and started for some good BBBJ, carried on for some time. Domed on moved to Anal cowgirl, she was very energetic I doubt its her first day, fitted the pack. Off to some massage, pretty OK not bad, moved back to some BBBJ, dom on doggy anal for some time, missionary and few other positions , quite fun and active girl. cummed, showed and finished off. She says she works every thursday and pretty new there. Good service for that price.


Floor: #113
Post Time: 23rd November 2016, 09:16 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : Beauty Town

Date of Visit : 19/11/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.blacktown40.com/home/

Hours of Business : n/k
 <
Rates : $75/30mins Full service

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : Tall, c cups,  size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

After a very eventful night at the prospect motel (which I will write about separately), I was still in need of a release and decided to check out this place. 
Havent been here for ages so thought why not.  Not many options anyway. 

Summer was second in lineup.  Nice ass,  tall maybe 5'10, and nice yummy boobs.  Just my type. 

Nice skin. Gave her my $75 and then left the $25 change with her too. 

Shower,  she helped wipe me down. 
Slow sexy rubbing  standing up. 
Standing BBBJ. Very good and enthusiastic. 
She then put on the dom and got on top. Slow riding.  Went till  I was ready to cum,  so I asked her to change to doggy. 

Mirrors on the wall,  so a very nice view. 
Pounded her hard. 
Got on my back and she finished me off with a very nice HJ. 

Another shower,  nice chat and I left. 

I would go back to see her again for that price for sure. 
Great body, great service.


Floor: #114
Post Time: 17th January 2017, 06:22 PM
Poster ID: dragonfireball
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey bras, does bras know where Eva from here is? She the same chick at 142 or at 64? Or she change her name not talking g about the legendary original Eva 64 who is gone but another Eva  who I knew at 40 who was here. here one she think also work at mascot?


Floor: #115
Post Time: 22nd January 2017, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: Pepeii
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Beauty Town aka Blacktown 40

 Date of Visit : 22/1/2017

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.blacktown40.com/home/

 Hours of Business : opens till late  often 24hrs

 Rates : $130/60mins 

 Age : hard to tell (see below) maybe late 20's

 Size/shape : medium height large C perhaps size 8-10

 Nationality or Ethnicity : HK Chinese

 Services Provided : FS, CBJ, 

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes not bad

 My experience/comments : 
Went in search of the elusive Rachelle or Summer but nether at work today so the boss-san selected Wendy for me. She is taller than the ususal HK girl and slender, found a but of a tummy once she stripped down.

I sat on the edge of the bed as she came back in with the change and came up for a a quck peck on the ips to gget me started then slipped down her dress to expose a really nice set of nipples. She seems to enjoy them getting a bot of attention as well as a tickle of her bum crack and inside thigh.

So off with all the kit and down to business.  After a bit more nipple sucking and light between the thighs action I decided to go see what Tassie was like.  Well fully bushed is the answer. This is native rainforest with no evidence of  human intervention or trimming at all.  Was a but stale to start with but she soon had the rivers running and I was happy with Tassies honey pot. She really dot into a bit of light tongue work so I stayed south a bit longer than usual.

Then my turn  CBJ.  Mmmm not my usual style but decided to stay quite about that she soon rotated about and had her pussy pushed back into my face for an extended 69.

Started with doggy.  After a long long pounding I decided to stay at it and finished there and then.  I quick shower for us both to cool down then a great massage to finish.

Not one of the worlds gems but worth the punt and worth a repeat visit on another Sunday.


Floor: #116
Post Time: 4th May 2017, 10:31 AM
Poster ID: seeker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi guys. Just a bit of intel. When driving past 2/40 yesterday, that had a sign up on the door that referred punters to 8 Carnegie. Place looked closed up too. I will investigate further and report.

I mistakenly posted in 1/18 Forge St thread this morning (getting the 2 places confused). Corrected now. 1/18 looked like business as usual.


Floor: #117
Post Time: 4th May 2017, 10:32 AM
Poster ID: seeker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi guys. Just a bit of intel. When driving past 2/40 yesterday, that had a sign up on the door that referred punters to 8 Carnegie. Place looked closed up too. I will investigate further and report.

I mistakenly posted in 1/18 Forge St thread this morning (getting the 2 places confused). Corrected now. 1/18 looked like business as usual.


Floor: #118
Post Time: 4th May 2017, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: seeker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just put in a phone call to the joint. Female Asian voice answers. I asked if they were open and she replied "Yes." I asked her about the sign on the door yesterday directing people to 8 Carnegie St, and she replied: "OK. You come see me this afternoon. Bye." And hung up. Haha. guess it's business as usual. Maybe they had a day off yesterday. I've never actually been there but it's very close to my car mechanic and I've often thought of getting a service while my car does!


Floor: #119
Post Time: 16th July 2017, 07:14 PM
Poster ID: Bob James
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : 40 Forge

Date of Visit : 16/07/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home | Western Sydney's Best Brothel

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $130/60mins

Age : 30

Size/shape : Size 8 with a small belly and enhanced boobs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : cbj, FS

Value for money/recommend? : 50/50

My experience/comments : Called in as they had a few ladies on, however there was only one available - or so Wendy said. She looked ok so I went with her anyway. On the way out I saw a very cute younger lady in her bathrobe

She got excited earlier on and her huge nipples were hard and erect. Her enhanced boobs are very firm. She went through the motions and did not really get into top gear, but her services was generally OK. 

Rooms are clean with their own showers.


Floor: #120
Post Time: 26th September 2018, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: Supercloggy47
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monique

Establishment : 2/40 Forge street

Date of Visit : 25/09/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home | Western Sydney's Best Brothel - 2/40 Forge St Blacktown

Hours of Business : dunno - walked in at midday

Rates : 130 ph

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : Fit, A/B-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

This place is at an industrial estate outside Blacktown surrounded by small workplaces etc.
The entrance simply has a neon "2/40 - Open" above an open door making it obvious this is the brothel in the street. You walk into a small vestibule with a security door which needs to be remotely unlocked but at least you're standing inside so you don't feel exposed to passers by waiting to be let into a brothel.
Once inside you're let into a small lounge area and the girls present themselves one by one. This was a bit awkward as the first girl ("Susu") spoke next to no English and stood there saying "yes? yes? good? yes?" with me gesturing along the lines of "are you the only one available or are there more girls?"

Out she goes and the next one walks in: Monique. In her 30's, pretty face, not much curves but had a nice smile. Again I gestured "any more girls?" but this went to crap again so I relented and chose her...

The room was tidy and warm with a shower. Did the financials which turned out to be pretty cheap: 130 for the hour. I believe normal rate is 140 but day time is a bit lower.

Showered and Monique joined me in the shower washing my cock with soap and a small bit of tooth paste (wtf???) and then started sucking. All in all a very enjoyable wash...
Monique spent quite some time washing and mouth washing, a good sign IMO.

Dried and went onto the bed and she started sucking my cock. I had to ask her to slow down as I was getting a bit too excited. Carried on slower and I positioned myself under her in 69. Her pussy was shaven and tasted gorgeous. I started rimming her which shocked her a bit at first but as I persisted she allowed....very nice

We spent the next half hour or so licking and sucking and I asked her for a back massage. She admitted she wasn't good at massages but to be fair, I've had worse.

Back to sucking and she asked for a warning as CIM was not allowed. That warning came a few minutes later and I blasted over my tummy. She cleaned me up and after I caught my breath again continued on with a soft massage. Given my age I didn't think I'd be capable of a second shot but towards the end of the session I started pulling as she carefully massaged my balls and somewhat to my surprise I came a second time. She gave me a nice smile and said "oh, good boy!" .....very horny!

Had a shower after and left happy and relieved. All up a very good service for a reasonable price. Will be back!


Floor: #121
Post Time: 27th November 2018, 08:44 PM
Poster ID: bennavila
Post Title: 
 Moon - Blacktown Forge St
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Moon

Establishment : Blacktown Forge st 2/40

Date of Visit : 25/9.2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 9831 1838

Hours of Business : Closes 4am

Rates : 75 half hr

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, all positions

Value for money/recommend? : yes

Had the itch, strolled down the infamous forge st. Was shown the girls, not very impressed with everyone else but moon looked ok from her azn schoolgirl gear.


Not very into the bigger girls but was horny enough to try. Her ass was a little bit disappointing when she was upright but when she bent over, boy oh boy was it right!


She gave a nice CBJ but wasnt all that keen to do it for too long. She motioned me to fuck her mish and away we went. I wasnt too happy with what was going on so I told her to put her skirt back on and to mount her leg on the mattress so I could fuck her doggy. The view she presented me with the black skirt and huge butt had me lasting 2 minutes. Wanted to cum again shortly after but she said no no as the deals under 1 hr do not include multi cum.


Her face was ok and the weight is not everyones cup of tea but she isnt unhealthily overweight. And that butt was top notch!


Floor: #122
Post Time: 3rd May 2019, 06:48 PM
Poster ID: Newboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucky

Establishment : Blacktown 40

Date of Visit : 3/5/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/40 Forge St, Blacktown

Phone : 9831 1388

Hours of Business : 9:30 til late 

Rates : $140/hr

Age : Somewhere around 30?

Size/shape : Pretty face, quite short, lovely slim and petite but still shapely figure, very nice B/C-cups, cute butt, closely trimmed bush

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korea (she said - see below)

Services Provided : BBBJ, 69, FIV, doggie

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me - pretty girl with a lovely petite figure and there were some positives but these were out-weighed by the negatives

My experience/comments : Decided to try a third new shop for the week and went to Blacktown 40.

Like No 8 yesterday, it’s an easy five minute drive from the M7 and is also in the same industrial area.

On-street parking available nearby (luckily I got a space right in front as it was pissing down when I left) and the entrance is not at all discrete.

Went in and told the bloke that I wanted to see a girl who did natural oral, included in the price.

I briefly waited in a waiting room and there was soon a knock on the door and a pretty and good-looking girl entered.

She said her name was Lucky.  She is quite short and was wearing a white bikini top and a tiny white miniskirt, both with red “nurses” crosses.

I asked about “Suck, no condom” and told me that was OK and at no extra charge.  “Boss said”, which made it easy. 

She looked good so I let her lead me to the room.

The room was good – a big bed, a shower and a reasonable size, but there were no mirrors and no wall-clock (which, to my mind, is unsatisfactory.)

I asked Lucky where she came from and she said Korea.  I said “Seoul?” and she looked at me blankly so I said hello in Korean (“Annyeonghaseyo”) and I got another blank look.  Why do they do this? It just makes you question everything the girl and the shop tells you.

I stripped and showered while Lucky fiddled around and asked three or four times whether I wanted a double.

I dried myself and lay on the bed while Lucky continued to ready the room, tried to get the music started on her phone, did a little dance, offered me some mouthwash, finished her cigarette, etc, before eventually stripping and joining me on the bed.

She does have a lovely slim but still shapely figure.  Her breasts are nicely enhanced B/C-cups, which look very good on her petite frame, and her butt is cute and tight.  Her bush was closely trimmed.

Lucky then wiped my cock for a couple of minutes (way longer than was necessary) and gave it a sniff.

She then asked whether I wanted a condom or no condom suck (we’d already discussed this) and finally started sucking me.  Immediately she asked me not to cum in her mouth.

It was just about an OK BBBJ to start with – no teeth and good tongue work, but she didn’t go at all deep, there was no hand-action and she took a few tissue-breaks.

Worst of all, about every ten seconds she made a noise in her throat which sounded like she was burping.  It can’t have been burping as no-one has that much wind inside – she must have been clearing her throat.  It went on all the time she was sucking me, which was most of the session.  I decided I had to “tune it out” otherwise I would have found it really annoying and off-putting.

She also kept asking me questions but her English is so limited that I couldn’t understand what she was saying.

Lucky was kneeling beside me and I started to play with her tits and then her pussy and she asked whether I wanted some 69 and she moved round.

This was good and she was soon moaning and squirming and pushing herself down onto my tongue.  She soon stopped sucking me and sat upright and then wriggled away.  She knelt beside me and recovered for a while and then asked whether I wanted to fuck.  I tried to say that I wanted her to suck me a bit more first but I couldn’t understand her responses.

Lucky did suck me some more but was playing with her phone.  I gestured for her to put it down but she said something about getting the music going (it had stopped) and saying “Slow” (I think she meant the internet connection).

She then got her BJ act together and started bobbing up and down and using her hand and going deeper – this was very good for a while but it should have been like that from the outset.

She moved round for some more 69 and I put a finger in her pussy but I was getting no response this time and time was moving on so I got her to just suck me.

I looked at the time on my phone (which I’d put on the bedside table for that purpose) and saw there was just over ten minutes to go (less than I thought) so I asked her to get a condom.

Lucky dressed me and suggested that I fuck her so I asked for some doggie and stood at the foot of the bed.

This was very good as she has a lovely shaped bum and was at just the right height and her pussy felt great.

She was still looking at her phone but I decided to ignore that and stop trying to pleasure her and just look after my own needs.

Then after a minute or so the bloke was knocking on the door, calling “Lucky” and they had a short conversation in Chinese.  I told Lucky there’s still ten minutes to go.

Fortunately, as I said, the doggie was very good and it didn’t take me long to cum.

I withdrew and collapsed on the bed and Lucky immediately got up and started looking through her case and the drawers of the dressing table and the mess on top of the table for something – she didn’t even remove the condom like most girls do.  She just ignored me.

I made it clear that I was not happy and she tried to say stuff but I couldn’t understand anything.

Then the bloke knocked on the door again and was talking again.  I was seriously pissed off by this – there was still five minutes to go – so I told him to “Fuck off”.

I showered and dressed and then Lucky went into the shower.  I gestured that I was going to leave but she was saying something that seemed to indicate she didn’t want me to.

After she dried herself and wrapped a towel round her she left with me and led me to the exit.  I guess that either they are told to do that here or she wanted to see whether I was going to complain to the Papasan.

I did call for the Papasan and when he appeared I asked why he was knocking on the door when there was still ten minutes remaining.  He said he wasn’t telling us to finish but asking Lucky for something.  Maybe this was true (Lucky was looking for something for the few remaining minutes) but even so – it was still time I’d paid for.

I asked him about the place – they are open from 9:30 until late and have ten rooms with usually about eight girls working.

I did see a few other girls in the corridor – a couple looked pretty good but one looked too chubby and another a bit old and worn.

I left.  I might return – it would be unfair to judge a place on the experiences with just one girl, and there were some good bits during the session – but they’ll only get one more chance and I won’t be seeing Lucky again.  At least she didn’t say “See you next time?”

There is a Lucky listed on the shop’s roster for today but the photos they have for her are certainly not real.  That is a big “NO” in my book.


Floor: #123
Post Time: 26th October 2019, 01:17 PM
Poster ID: Acharya
Post Title: 
 Eating Honey @ Forge Street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Honey

Establishment : 40 Forge

Date of Visit : mid Oct

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 40 Forge Street Blacktown

Phone :-

Hours of Business : 10 am to 10 pm ?

Rates : $80 for half hour

Age : 33

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS and French kissing

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : 
With Rainbow from Bonza away for quite some time, when the Asian bug bit me I decide to try my old haunt at 40 Forge Street. I was visiting them after one and a half year. Rang the bell about 11 am and was told as it was early only two girls were available. The first lady was a mid 40 year old and the second was Honey. I chose her as she had made the effort to make herself pretty. Wore a maroon gown split to her thighs, stilettos and a shade of lipstick which suited her. She bent down and whispered 'good kiss, good kiss'.Payed for half an hour and was taken to the room. Well nothing had really changed since the last time I had been there. The towels were still threadbare and the shower not the cleanest.
When I came out, true to her promise she gave me a deep French kiss until I had to tap her and point out to 'little brother'. On to a BBBJ well done without teeth and plenty of spit and (thank god) no tissues but then I've been spoilt for BJ's by the likes of  Rainbow and Pamela the stalwarts in BJ's. So end up mentally comparing with them. I returned the favour. Nice and clean smelling between the legs and responsive but since was on a half hour booking on with the Dom and into MISH, she can take a pounding as I bent her knees nearly to her shoulders with no complaints or resistance. Blew in the DOM and another kiss. 
She is a sweet lady and very cooperative. She offered her mobile number which I noted because I didn't have the heart to disappoint her.  Her English is severely limited and we had to communicate through her phone App. Would I visit again, MAYBE. A bit too vanilla for me.


Floor: #124
Post Time: 29th November 2019, 07:35 PM
Poster ID: fullon69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Any busty Thai girls at 40 blacktown rocommend for me please. Too much Chinese girls punting Already. Indian girls would also help.


Floor: #125
Post Time: 2nd February 2020, 10:27 PM
Poster ID: TROLLZER4000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Blacktown 40

Date of Visit : 2/2/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Warning - Blacktown 40 Brothel - The best adult service in Blacktown and surrounding areas

Phone : (02) 9831 1838

Hours of Business : Sunday to Saturday 10am to 4am, Thursday to Friday 10am to 7am

Rates : $140, 1 Hour

Age : 30+

Size/shape : Well-shaped figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ & FS

Value for money/recommend? : NO!

My experience/comments : The first brothel visit of 2020, I decided to make a visit to Blacktown to take a gamble of how good the roster was. 

I was at Blacktown 40 last year and the previous girl was not that good that I put 40 at the bottom of my punt list and will still be.

Was shown a line up of about 7 girls- All chinese. Amid the coronavirus I still wanted to take a gamble punt.

Candy still out of the crop, and was taken to the room towards the back...

Went into the room and she went on her phone, I took a shower and said something in Chinese and went out again for 5 more minutes, came back into the room and she was back on her phone messaging another client, this kept going for another 5+ more minutes whilst I was laying down on the bed naked. She was about to put the dom on, I said suck with no condom and she obliged.

Her BBBJ was just alright, and she continued messaging on the phone before placing it down and spending a decent amount of time drinking water and wiping my downstairs.. She sucked abit before shortly jumped on top for a front-facing cowgirl, she went at her slow pace and I sucked her enhanced tits with no-reaction from her.

Swapped positioned to a missionary ( I felt like asking her to call a friend on her phone-  a sexy fantasy but her English was very limited) , standing doggie-style against the table mirror then back onto the bed. 

With a good stamina I tried the upstanding-citizen before shortly coming..

She went for a shower which last another 10 more minutes, after her shower I asked for a message which she put a half-ass effort before giving up. 

We had 20minutes left before soon she was glued to her phone, I took a shower and got changed, on the way out I told Papasan the girl was bad and I wont be back for awhile, the Papasan said I will pick another girl for you next time. 

As I went out, I could hear Candy whisper to the boss what did the customer say....

I guess Blacktown 40 will still continue to be on the bottom of my punt list for this year...


Floor: #126
Post Time: 3rd February 2020, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: firstmoon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn, unlucky dude. I haven’t been Blacktown 40 for over 4 years now and I’ll continue to avoid both the Blacktown shops
Place has become a real dive these last few years


Floor: #127
Post Time: 3rd February 2020, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: TROLLZER4000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by firstmoon


Damn, unlucky dude. I haven’t been Blacktown 40 for over 4 years now and I’ll continue to avoid both the Blacktown shops
Place has become a real dive these last few year
"""



Where do you often go?


Floor: #128
Post Time: 5th February 2020, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: batman360
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah the blacktown brothels number 8 Carnegie and 40 forge street are wildcard brothels. The pictures and the roster on their website has been the same for years with all the pictures being fake. So to tell if the girls are hot or not, you really gotta go to the shop and see

Blacktown is a wildcard. I've had some amazing punts here a few years back and some completely rushed ones


Floor: #129
Post Time: 6th February 2020, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: firstmoon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bonz1 in seven hills

Every now and then might head to hornsby142

And rarely visit 533 Willoughby, it’s good if you don’t get baited and switched


