Thread Title: Fantasia - 373 High St, Penrith - 0451 089 648
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th April 2015, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Johndeercio
Post Title: 
 Fantasia - 373 High St, Penrith - 0451 089 648
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lani

Establishment : Fantasia

Date of Visit : 16/4/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0451089648 373 High Street Penrith

Rates : $100 half

Age : 35is

Size/shape : 5'4" 6/8 A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indo

Services Provided : BBBJ DT DFK DATY CIM FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

<preamble not relevant to Fantasia>
Have had some success with Caucasian ladies at Breathless recently, but on this occasion I thought I'd give JJ a whirl (she goes by a new name now but cant remember it). I've always avoided her as she seems like a total nutter. On this occasion she was looking quite good and no others available. As we walked into the room she had a total flip out about my phone. Apparently she couldn't do anything until I put it into flight mode and then turned it off. Not good enough to put it away in my pocket or just turn it off. After I finished showering she wanted to inspect my phone as she didn't believe I put it in flight mode before turning it off. WTF?? Luckily mammasan was most courteous in refunding my money and said it happens with her. 

So, thought I'd check up on the local establishments. Classy Lady had no girls on until 5. Went to Desires and was appalled at the condition of the place. Maybe because on all other visits I'd been 3 sheets to the breeze and after 3am. Anyway, did a chunky mandarin girl. $90 for 30min. Run of the mill fs. Not review worthy either way.  

Had a coffee. Felt yet to be satisfied. On with the brothel crawl. Where next?
<end preamble>

Reading the Penrith Press while having coffee, I noticed a new shop had opened. Fantasia. Right on High Street between pillow top, classy lady, desires, and 393 Edwards. Let's check it out.

Unlike Classy Lady, Desires, and 393 there is no laneway access, an entrance straight off high street. No security doors or buzzers on street level though. Up a few flights of stairs to the screen door.

What I thought was the maammasan opened the door. She looked about 90 in the shade. Frail. Perhaps the owner. She didn't speak but motioned to the plush couch. The decor is the typical deep red hue. Freshly painted. Clean. Certainly way better than the other Penrith shops.

Out of nowhere a little cute asian sits next to me, holds my hand, and welcomes me to the establishment. She said they've only been open for 4 weeks. We chat for a bit before I realise that she is playing receptionist. She introduces me to a girl called Honey. Honey is smiley but too large and old for my preference. I politely indicate such and she says thank you, please wait for the other girls. The receptionist comes back and says she understands. She said Honey provides an excellent service. The receptionist introduces herself as Lani. She is quite tasty. I ask if she is available. She says some of the other girls are busy, but she likes me and she'll get Honey to cover the desk.

Off to the room which is clean. Bathroom is adjoining but not en suite.  After a quick shower (my fourth for the day). Already hard thanks to yesterdays maxxmans. Lani greets me in the room on her knees and deep throats me to within an inch of base. Tongue out, gagging on it. No foreplay GFE here, obviously straight to PSE. I slap her cheeks with it. She hollows them out for a better auditory effect. Back in as far as it goes. I'm holding her head now. One hand holding her beautiful brunette locks and the other gripping her below the jaw. Every time I pulled out she tried to reposition her head so I could spear it in past her epiglottis again. On this went. When I released her she stood up and sucked onto my bottom lip like a lamprey. I was concerned that I'd get a lip hickey. I do like the puffiness of a woman's lips after they've been working my member. She asks me to do it some more. Fuck that was a hot start. 

Next time I release her she throws herself onto the bed and says. Please fuck me now. Hard please. She opens her pussy lips as an invitation. I said you'll have to wait as I want to taste that first.

Sorry, distracted. A bit more about Lani. She looks to be about 35, not sure. She has had one child but her boobs show no sign. She has small pert little A cups with nice small nipples. Not saggy. Her skin is nice. She may have a little looseness and small stretch marks on her tummy from child. Her hair is beautiful. Her face is attractive and breath fine. Her pussy is small and surprisingly tight. No hair. She is probably 5'4" with a really nice figure. Perhaps if I'm critical maybe a bit soft from lack of exercise but really good for a 35+ yo. She is indonesian. Her english is excellent.

So DATY was ok, taste was sweet. Responsive. I'm now really keen to get in there. I enter her missionary and work up a steady rhythm before rolling her over and forking her. She took it like a champ with great sound effects. She bit my lip again and said please please I want to taste your cum. I was happy to oblige, but some early ropes were administered nasally and ocularly. What a sight.

After swallowing, she cleaned me off, then her eye, then she used her finger to direct the remaining evidence on her face and nose toward the corner of her mouth. In and down it went. Wow. PSE baby.

She asked if I wanted a massage. I said I'm fine thanks, but let's chat. She said she was pretty good at massage, so I said yeah ok. I'm not that into massage, but she was pretty good. Used her body weight. We chatted a fair bit. She promised to scout the other girls for me and recommend some for me to try the next time. She said she doesn't know if they're as naughty as her as they tend not to talk about it much. She asked me for feedback on them to help her with recommendations to clients. I said I'd be happy to help 

So yeah, a good punt. I will go back. 

As always, please treat her well and YMMV.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th April 2015, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow! What an experience mate! Since this place is only new I think I'll have to check it out when I can 

Great stuff!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th April 2015, 09:13 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A News Classifieds ad for this place,





			
				FANTASIA SERVICES - PENRITH $0

Sydney, NSW

Description:

 Grand Opening! Fabulous Services. Sexy &amp; Classy Ladies. 373 High St Penrith. 0451 089 648

Date Listed: 28/03/15
Ad ID: 2070740V1
Also posted in: The Daily Telegraph
Views: 89

- See more at: FANTASIA SERVICES - PENRITH - Adult Services - Personals - NewsClassifieds


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Patty

Establishment : Fantasia 373

Date of Visit : 5/9/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 373 High st Penrith 4721 8882 cracker ad: YOUR ASIAN FANTASY

Hours of Business : 

Rates : daytime special $100 for 30 mins

Age : said 27 I'd say at least 37

Size/shape : slim size 8, bolt on C cup, shaved pussy, pretty tidy lady.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : CBJ 69 FS DATY

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 
Had an opportunity to sneak out for a quick early father 's day present. Was heading to St Mary's when I heard on the radio the St Mary's spring festival was on. Change of plan and headed to Penrith. Had been to a couple of disappointing places in the past, thought I'd try Fantasia 373 hoping the tattooed chick on their cracker ad was real.
Unfortunately entry is only from High St but it was fairly quiet this Saturday morning. Up the stairs and Mamasan told me only 2 ladies, intro'd, chose Patty after asking if DATY was ok ( the other girl looked very ordinary), paid up and into the room. She asked if I wanted to shower, I said I have showered about an hour ago but can do if she preferred. She said no problem , she will shower. She left but was back in a minute still fully clothed, she just went to wash the undercarriage.
On the bed us both stroking each other, she gently bit my nipples then on with the Dom for pretty good CBJ while I played with her tits then pussy. She seemed to like this and slowly swung around into 69 without breaking her rhythm. Clean shaven pussy with outies. Was a bit dry at first but soon she was very wet. After 5 mins I needed to stop so got her to lay down while I ate. The juices were really flowing now, she had her feet on my shoulders gently writhing but not wanting me to stop. Asked to slip a finger in and she was happy and also accepted a second. She started bucking some more, but was not vocal at all when she came. After 15 minutes of eating her she said we should fuck before time runs out. I said I think I'll cum quick, and ate her for another minute or 2. I'd juiced the fruit, I was going to drink! Finished eating and she was straight over onto her knees so I guessed doggie was the way to go. Wow her pussy was so tight and slippery. She pounded back onto me harder than I'd of been prepared to do normally but she loved it. She didn't want the thumb rub on the date so I just held each cheek and went hard and soon blew. A quick shower then out I went. I asked mamasan if there was a back exit, she said no only High St, next time wear a hat! and laughed.
Would I return? Not in a hurry, the very open entrance  right next to a restaurant entrance I s a worry.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 04:43 AM
Poster ID: iClover
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone have new reviews? Lani?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 06:02 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by iClover


Anyone have new reviews? Lani
"""



September 2016 seems pretty new to me, why don't you visit Patty given your interest and then write your own review.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd September 2016, 07:14 PM
Poster ID: iClover
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


September 2016 seems pretty new to me, why don't you visit Patty given your interest and then write your own review
"""



That's September 2015...


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd September 2016, 11:21 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
True but not ancient history.


