Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th September 2015, 07:09 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: 
 Kyoto - 393 high st Penrith - 0403 444 393 / 02 4732 2220
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Kyoto girl

Date of Visit : 13/9/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 393 High Street, PENRITH 2750
Tel: 02-4732-2220
Mob: 0403-444-393
Web: www.penrith393.com

Hours of Business : 10 am til late

Rates : $150/ hr

Age : said 24 I'd guess closer to 40

Size/shape : reasonably pretty, size 8-10, very nice tits large C or small D firm and natural, tiny bit of hair on nice wet pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : said Thai but didn't look it

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, rimming on her only, tit rub all over my body.

Value for money/recommend? : yes quite good punt

My experience/comments:
found myself in Penrith area again with a window of opportunity. Had seen the ads on cracker and thought the girls looked nice and pics looked real. Got there and realised it was the Classy Lady brothel. Last time I was there I was with a shocker and vowed never again, but it was under new management so I thought I'd TOFTT. Went inside and papasan said you're early ( it was 11:30 am) we have one girl available and more later. Met Mandy and she was happy for daty, then left when a younger pretty girl came in( must have just arrived for work) she was no to daty so went with Mandy. On way to room I saw 4 other Thai girls still in their street clothes, looked 25 ish and very nice. 
into room no need to shower as I had just beforehand. Lay on the bed and she gave me a great body rub with her near perfect tits( while I think she was closer to 40,her tits were firmer than many 20 year olds and real). Then I told her I need to eat her pussy, she was straight up and sat on my face, rubbing her clit on my nose while my tongue probed both holes, I think at times she preferred the rimming. She suggested 69 and who was I to argue. She got me close, so I suggested she lie down for more daty which she loved and came ( very quietly) twice, with plenty of juice. She didn't mind me rubbing her arsehole but when I asked if its ok as I slowly pushed a finger she said no and it became out of bounds. Fucked her missionary then doggie and blew in then Dom. she gave me a a massage and kept saying thank you, I thought what, is time up and asked for round two. She was hesitant but dommed me up. Round 2 felt a bit mechanical and ended up finishing by hand.
would I return? Yes but for the younger cuter girls I saw on the way into the room.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th December 2015, 05:36 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tia

Establishment : Kyoto girl

Date of Visit : 13/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 393 High Street, PENRITH 2750
Tel: 02-4732-2220
Mob: 0403-444-393
Web: www.penrith393.com

Hours of Business : 10 am til late

Rates : $110/ half hr

Age : said 24 I'd guess closer to 40

Size/shape : reasonably pretty, size 12, very nice tits large C or small D firm and natural, a bit hairy but nice wet pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, rimming on her only, finger in bum ( her bum)

Value for money/recommend? : yes quite good punt

Had an opportunity to quickly sneak out for half a. Called in and only Tia was available. She looked OK and was happy for DATY so off we went. Even though the price seems to have gone up. 
CBJ was ok , nothing great. DATY she got into . I was tickling her ring and she brushed my finger away, to my surprise it was so she could wipe some lube on it, I took the hint, and she was tight. Giving her the full length of my index finger she went off, bucking and writhing. Into mish then doggy where I blew in the Dom. She was frigging her pussy just about every time I was fucking her or wasn't working on it with my tongue , so I think she was genuinely horny. 
A pretty good punt but I still think 142 Hornsby is the best VFM, it's just too far away for me.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st December 2015, 01:14 PM
Poster ID: Rayo
Post Title: 
 Summer - 393 High St Penrith - 0478 566 393
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : 393 High St Penrith, rear entrance off carpark

Date of Visit : Mon 28 Dec 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penrith Press, mob 0478566393

Hours of Business : 10Am till ?

Rates : $110 for half hour

Age : Early thirties

Size/shape : Solid size 10 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ and covered FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : I was in Penrith on Monday to see a relative and decided to pay a visit to a local shop. Picked this one out of the newspaper and called mob number. I was told to come around the back as the front on high st is massage only. Also noticed that it is called Fantasia out the front and Classy Lady out the back?

Greeted by papasan and introduced to one girl, Summer, not unattractive and there was no one else available. Asked papasan about rates nd he said $110 for half hour. A bit steep for an out of town asian place. Into the room and shower and then Summer got me to lie on the bed and went straight for the dom and was putting it on when I was still semi soft. She then gave some cbj, not bad considering that I usually like bbbj. After about ten minutes she then lubed herself up and jumped on in cowgirl.

I am struggling at present with an injured shoulder that I got just before Xmas so I suggested doggie to her. She obliged and I was able to pound her with little discomfort from behind and managed to blow my load reasonably quickly into the dom. Summer slid off pretty quick and cleaned me up and I had a second shower and pretty much left.

I could find no reviews on this place and maybe the price is why. I have also little experience in the Penrith area. Premises are pretty basic, service very ordinary and I will not return when I can do to Roseville, willoughby etc for less money and get better service.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th July 2016, 11:30 AM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : 393 high st Penrith 

Date of Visit : 22/7/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : Not sure, possibly 24/7

Rates : $50, see Below 

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : pec

Services Provided : cbj

Value for money/recommend? : No. We'll sort of

My experience/comments : So I found myself in Penrith due to work last week. I was a bit under the weather so punting wasn't really a priority for me this time. I was driving down high st on this particular evening when I noticed the massage shop at 393, thinking a massage might be good. I was towing a trailer and couldn't find a park, so I ventured around the back and found a large, pretty much empty carpark. It's here that I see a heap of flashing lights, some from 393 but also another right next door at 391a. 

It's clear to me at that point that these are brothels, not quite the massage I had in mind. Took a walk up the stairs of 391 first to have a look. I was met by an older Asian women, she took me straight to a room and wanted me to book her. I asked if I could see the other girls. She reluctantly went and sent in another lady, younger but still not my type. I told her thanks but no thanks. She tried to make me stay, promising me bbbj and pushing her hand into my pants to feel my dick, I again said no thanks and headed for the door, still with her hand in my pants lol. Eventually I got out and went to 393.

The door was answered by Jenny, the mamasan. Quite cute, I liked her, she showed me to the intro room where I met two ladies, both not my type either, looked like trannies tbh.
So again I said no thanks and headed for the door. This is when Jenny offered me a bj for $50. I couldn't say no to that, so off we went to what was a massage room. She told me to strip and lay down, then played with me a bit to get him growing before rolling a Dom on with her mouth. Now I'm not a fan of cbj, but went along with it, the place looked dirty and I thought it was better to be safe than sorry. 
The cbj was awful! To the point of painful, I knew there was no way she would get me off this way so I asked her if I could touch her. She said yes but gently, so I rubbed her bum a bit then went to slide my hand up the back of her top, as soon as I touched her skin, she jumped back saying no, not on the skin. Ok fkn boring now, I wondered how long she would keep sucking before asking me to hurry up. She never did but took the dom off and oiled me up for a hj finish. I can't say I was disappointed because the cbj was bad. Her hj was actually very good, after around 10 mins I blew a big load which shocked her lol. Nice hot towel to clean up, got dressed and left.

WIR: No, I'm not local anyway but this place seemed like the bottom of the barrel.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st August 2016, 10:35 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hehe. I was out the back of these two places yesterday thinking of going in. I needed to get money out but could not find a park near the St George or Westpac bank to get money out. I called 393 and they said it was 80 1/2 hour massage which I was after. Sorry you had a bad punt and I am glad I could not park near the bank by the sounds of it.


