Thread Title: Madames Relaxation - 43 Queen street St Marys - 02 9623 4058
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2013, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: 
 Madames Relaxation - 43 Queen street St Marys - 02 9623 4058
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Amber
Establishment : Bare Bunnys - 47 Queen St - St Marys (Near the station)
Date of Visit: 10/10/13
Contact Details/Address/Weblink:
Hours of Business: Not sure - I went during the day so call to be sure. But they would at least be open nights for you fellas.
Rates: 75 for 30 (apparently a special so check pricing on arrival)
Age: 30ish
Size/shape: 5'6", size 16
Nationality or Ethnicity: Cauc Aussie
Services Provided:FS, CBJ 
Value for money/recommend?: Nope

Went to this place to continue exploring as many different places as I can, went around back to the rear entrance (always a plus in my books) and went up the stairs and buzzed in.

You walk down a corridor and the place looks like its seen better days- the paint job is fading, the walls look like they could use a bit of work and I didnt even see anyone until I just walked into a lounge of some sort.

Whilst a few of the ladies were friendly and said their hellos I couldn't help but notice that the selection was pretty slim- a mix of a BBW and a couple of women old enough to be my grandmother (or at least they aged that way lol)

Walked through the rates and I am sorry I didnt get the full price scoop, but given I was the only John Doe there at the time the girls told me that the price of 75 for a half was a managers special (yea sure) so after contemplating if I should walk or not I decided to stick with Amber the BBW who was at least in my age bracket and we went to a room.

Now Amber herself would be considered attractive by some who are into BBW, and if she was slimmer I would find her very sexy, but once she started speaking I really started to lose the chemistry.

She was a dom style personality and I felt like she was being rude rather than sexy, it was a simple matter of strip you strip me quick tug and into a CBJ.

Now her CBJ was ok, and it eventually got the blood flowing and sure that was a good start, but her fuck was simply a starfish crossed with a beached whale, verrrrry boring mish and me essentially doing all the work (I couldve fucked a fleshlight and had more fun)

After getting my load off in the dom I asked for a massage, after about 5 minutes she simply walked out and that was it. I checked the time and it had only been about 20 minutes. I know they say time flies when ur having fun, but when u are working ur ass off just to blow ur own load and pay for the privlige, I walked out feeling ripped off.

I am sure that others might have a positive experience with this girl, but if it was another choice and leaving was not an option, I think I would have rather tried a granny who would have at least been grateful she was getting a young cock.

Sorry to be such a downer guys but this was not a fun punt


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st October 2013, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: Stanfx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Sanjay i live in the area,will look at another place.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd October 2013, 05:43 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sanjay69r


Person's Name: Amber
.
.
You walk down a corridor and the place looks like its seen better days- the paint job is fading, the walls look like they could use a bit of work and I didnt even see anyone until I just walked into a lounge of some sort.

Whilst a few of the ladies were friendly and said their hellos I couldn't help but notice that the selection was pretty slim- a mix of a BBW and a couple of women old enough to be my grandmother (or at least they aged that way lol) ..
"""



Good review  sanjay69r and thank you for the review of this place.

Your remarks are consistent with the '1 liners' on Bare Bunny’s Relaxation | Parlour Pages


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st August 2014, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date Visited: Mid August 2014 (Saturday)

WL: Amber

Rate: $85 30min (+ $50 bbbj)



Hi all

Got the run around at a few Asian places in the morning (5 flushcombe, A1 west...) and found my punting adventure for the day at this establishment. I had rang earlier around midday, and message bank said there was 8 ladies on. Turned up and there was only 2. Should have known better. Had not seen the review on Amber above (my bad). The othr option was a fairly ok looking slim blonde, but she was interested in talking to the bloke behind the counter (owner?) and screamed out in not no many words "don't pick me". So I didn't

Amber is as described as above. A bit of a humpty dumpty look about her. Pale skin, shoulder length blonde hair, kinda rough looking face that could play the lead role of the tv series "Prisoner". Has a bit of a scatty bogan personality, but if you go with HER flow, its an ok session. Has a nice set of natural tits though, nice and full and succulent, pity the rest of her wasn'.

Doesn't like getting pounded cause in her words "every body pounds me hard"
Doesnt like having her tits sucked cause in her own words "everyone want to suck the life out of them"

With the ground rules set we were away. Actually Amber did say upfront blowjob with no condom is $50 extra. I had though it was standard in this place, but paid up front anyhow, you only live once I thought at the time (weird I know). Ambers BBBJ was really good suprisingly, enjoyed it a lot. Went for about 5-6 minutes, and then asked her to do some more. I couldn't see myself having sex with her so asked her to keep sucking and hand job alternating. Playing with her melons throughout. She then asked me that its ok me me to have a nibble on her tits. I think towards the end she realised I was a nice normal guy not looking just to bang her senseless or suck her tits empty, so it felt she opened up a lot more and was far let scatty.

Tells me only works one day a week, any more and she says she goes mental, lol

Im not sure id see her again, most likely not. But the punt finished up better than I thought


6.5/10


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st August 2014, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
About the only place I know who is reasonably honest with the number of girls working is Bill's haunt at 143 Marrickville Rd, where he normally says 10 and there is a room full of them there.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th October 2018, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: toni
Establishment :.Bare.bunnies
Date of Visit: 18/10/18
Contact Details/Address/Weblink02) 9623 4058
47 Queen St - St Marys
Rates: 85 for 30 min
Age: 40+
Size/shape: 5', size 10/12
Nationality or Ethnicity: Cauc Aussie
Services Provided:FS,.CBJ.
Value for money/recommend?: hell no stay the f#$k away

Poped in there today having only really seen privates for the last few years now and i know why now

There wss 4 ladies 2 aussies and 2 asians.
Took toni the only one there that looked like she knew what was going on and well she a mature westie with tattoos on her boobs short and in some way reminded me of sn ex girlfriends mum, so off we when.
Shower...best part of the experience and even it was bad.
Toni wont let you touch her. NO daty and bbbj everything was covered and very hows it going. 2min cbj followed by 5 mins cowgirls then 5 mins missionary before all she would do was play with me and although she was good st this a refused to unload. Desided on calling it short 10mins counted my loses and left. 
Will never return to the brothel sence again i would think if this how they go. Exception to this is Yokos.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th October 2018, 02:25 AM
Poster ID: Lancelot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Captivating Claire - A Surprising Find!
Person's Name: Claire
Establishment :.Bare.bunnies
Date of Visit: 16/10/18
Contact Details/Address/Weblink02) 9623 4058
47 Queen St - St Marys
Rates: $150/hr
Age: mid 20s
Size/shape: 5'2" size 6-8
Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese Taiwanese, passable English skills
Services Provided:FS,.CBJ.
Value for money/recommend?: Abso-fucking-lutely.

Had just finished a job out west, as I do occassionally, and as i had previously tracked down Nikki of Blacktown8 to Bare Bunnies in St Mary's, i called to see if she was available.  Rang the mamasan who said Nikki wasn't available but suggested I try Claire. From her description I remembered her in the lounge area on a  previous visit because she was a standout stunner. 
She's just looks the whole package to me. 
Young, cascading below the shoulders chestnut brown  wavy hair (which just bounces around when she's was later gone bouncing on me - I always get a bit disappointed when a gal with gorgeous hair ties it up as soon as they get undressed )
She's beautifully curved but fit, and she was wearing a rainbow tube top and short black skirt with her natural C cups looking like Ds on her small frame threatening to pop out.  She had the heavy eye shadow and lashes that said sexy with out being over the top slutty( which I don't actually mind). Any way, most of you guys have probably had the same experience  when you see one of the girls that just grabs your eyes Nd your nuts. I remembered her because I had thought about cancelling my appointment, which I usually don't even consider  except on just a few occasions.

Anyway, I said yes to mamasan and went to St Marys. Buzzed in and mamasan formally introduced her and I was already taken in by her smile.
I followed her to one of the rooms, which are quite nice and clean. It's an old renovated boarding house so it has those nice high ornate ceilings. This room had a four poster bed which is fun if you are imaginative. 
Into the room, had a quick shower - warning some times the hot water takes forever and it did this time but I was getting horny already so a cool shower wasn't too bad. 
So on to the bed, she has a quick shower and comes out wrapped in a towel, and did i mention her hair? Beautiful. 
I got out of bed and gently embraced her fully and we kissed lightly on the lips, I could tell she a bit reticent about kissing but she didn't say know, you know turning her face slightly as you move in for a lip lock and maybe some LFK or even DFk. I undo her towel and I edge her to the bed as we continue to kiss. Now since I feel she's a bit hesitant, she knows I have been to see someone. So I show her my willingness to spend time on her and invite myself to some fine dining at the Y. She is truly a Bare Bunny. Guys, here's a tip, start of soft but she likes it hard, took me a bit of time to work out her preference but once you got it she's moaning and squirming, juices pouring out, she's grabbing my head, but sometimes she's pulling away because it's too intense and then she came. Wow, just wow. She sat up and she wobbled a bit and her eyes were glazed. Don't you just love it when you find a gal that really enjoys it? Because it just changed the dynamics I find. She's relaxed, she knows I'm prepared to use the time I paid for to make her feel good. 
So now there's more linger behind the kisses, her hands wander more, so do mine. She has such a cute firm derriere and that's how I know she's still in her 20s. 
So I stand up to get a drink and she lays down her side and using her mouth smoothly lips on a dom. Theres some licking and sucking of the bells but she gives a great a great CBJ with various positions , including  her on her back and while she is sucking me I lean over a flick her clit with my tongue and I can feel her body quiver a bit.
On to the bed and she's slowly lowers herself  on to me as she stares straight into my eyes. . She starts cowgirling me and I like I said, I just love that hair bouncing away. After a while I pull her down to kiss her, then roll her over for some missionary.  
Ok, here is the surprise, for me anyway. And I can't say too much because I'm not sure its gonna be there for everyone, she might have to be in the mood. No, it's not Anal. But it was during doggy. After we first kissed, I knew not to expect a wildcat nymphomaniac etc. But she's starting to change. She's looking  in the mirror as I'm doggying  and she really getting into it, wiggling her ass, pushing back to meet the thrust and then she asks me to grab her back. I wasn't really understanding it but eventually she shows me it's like grabbing a roll of her skin in your griplike a cross between a deep tissue rub and a full hand pinch. Please don't do this without asking or being asked, you might get upset her. Anyway I won't describe it here any further but this was new to me. And it was different enough for me to blow in to the dom there And then.by his time I was soaking  in sweat, and we just lay there exhausted, well, me more than her. 
We finished on our sides facing each other, chatting and kissing. 
It was definitely one of my best punts for a very long time 
I would have preferred bbbj, but who knows what will happen on my next visit which I might even drive out there even if I'm not on a job.
So summary,  WoW WoW. Beautiful, Sexy, Wild, perfect body

I know the last reviewer had a poor experience there but this was an awesome experience. Not sure how long she is gonna be there for but I'm heading back ASAP
As usual, treat the ladies with respect and the rewards can be often outstanding, and as always YIEMV.

Here's to the Joys of discovery!

lance


Floor: #8
Post Time: 19th October 2018, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I know the last reviewer had a poor experience there but this was an awesome experience. Not sure how long she is gonna be there for but I'm heading back ASAP
As usual, treat the ladies with respect and the rewards can be often outstanding, and as always YIEMV.

Here's to the Joys of discovery!

lance


Interest review Lance, but i do have to wonder 7 post s since 2011, 1 bad review pops up for bare bunnies and then boom your reviewing again, do you have contacts with bare bunnies ?


Floor: #9
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi all

This place is now called Madam Relaxation, 43 Queen street St Marys, same number

St Mary's Brothel | Adult Massage | Adult Services | - Madames Relaxation


Needing a big titty fix, been trolling around the internet for something young with melons. Came across Wendy at this establishment through their profile pics section. I have rang once when in the region last week and confirmed she has big natural tits, bustiest girl they have, but wasn't on that day.

Anyone punt on her or see her in the intro? I realize the pics may not be genuine but would be pretty good if they were or similar

Brothel | adult Services | Erotic Massage | Escorts


Floor: #10
Post Time: 8th July 2019, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: Newboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Madames Relaxation, T/A Bare Bunnies

Date of Visit : 8/7/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : St Marys Brothels | St Marys Adult Services | - Madames Relaxation

Phone : 9623 4058

Hours of Business : 24/7 

Rates : $150/hr

Age : Mid-30s?

Size/shape : Reasonably attractive face, slimish figure, B-cups, fully shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, rimming, DATY, FIV, cowgirl, reverse CG, mish

Value for money/recommend? : An average punt but she is new to Australia and might improve

My experience/comments : Decided on a first time visit to this place.

When checking Streetview for the parking (there is a large car park to the rear which was full but I got an unlimited on-street parking spot on the street nearby) I saw there was a rear entrance so I used that.  (The sign at the back still says the old name of the place – All Over Relaxation Centre.)

It was reasonably discrete but when I pressed the doorbell the door was clicking but it didn’t open and I couldn’t hear what the girl was saying over the intercom.  So I waited a while before a girl came down with just a towel wrapped round her to open the door.  She said her name was Patty – reasonably good–looking, slim, probably Thai.

I asked about Nikki (Aussie girl, ex-142 and Blacktown 8) but was told she had gone home.  I asked which days Nikki worked and was told that they never know when or whether Nikki will turn up.

A girl was called.  She looked OK with a promising figure – she was wearing a short, see-through green nightie over a bra and g-string – so I checked she did “Suck, no condom” and went with her.

She led me to the room.  It had a good-size bed, with about a 50cm gap to the walls on each side, and a side-on mirror at just the right height.  It seemed clean and had an ensuite shower and toilet.

I stripped and went to the shower and Anna joined me and gave me a good washing.

She has a slimish figure, just a couple of surplus kilos, B-cups, and was fully and freshly shaved.  She was cheerful and friendly but clearly has very little English.

Onto the bed and Anna used a wet-wipe on my cock and crack and started a catbath while stroking my cock.

She then knelt at my side and started licking my balls, then perineum, then started rimming me while I fingered her pussy.

There was what I thought was FOAMing but she was already getting pretty wet so perhaps it was real.

She then worked her way up my shaft and started sucking me.

It was a reasonable BBBJ – no teeth and no interruptions but she didn’t go very deep and it was very erratic.

I suggested some 69 but Anna didn’t understand me so I mimed licking her and she lay down for some DATY.

I licked her and she was getting quite loud, sounding like she was giggling and laughing.

I inserted a finger and rapidly finger-fucked her – she was very wet – but she moved my hand away when I went to her arsehole. I couldn’t tell whether she came.

I knelt by her head and she sucked me some more while I continued to finger-fuck her but when I took over and wanked towards her mouth she made it clear that she didn’t want be to cum in her mouth but gestured that I could cum on her tits.

I lay down and she sucked and rimmed me a bit more and applied some lube to my cock and gave me a vigorous HJ and I soon had to get her to stop and get a condom.

She squeezed me in – she was tight but coped well – and we started with some cow-girl and she rode me energetically for a while.

She then got me to sit up so she could continue to ride me.

After a while I lay down again and Anna also lay backwards, so we were both on our backs with my cock bent downwards.  Apart from the fact that I could rub her clit I can’t see the point of this position as neither of us could get any decent movement going.

I got her to turn round for some reverse CG.

I then suggested some doggie and stood by the bed but again Anna didn’t understand and lay on her back in front of me so I entered her for some standing mish.

I rubbed her clit and then got her to rub it while I fucked her.

I then got her to lie down in the middle of the bed and we had some mish.

She was urging me on to cum but I took my time and gradually upped the tempo and eventually squirted.

I lay down and Anna tidied me up and went to wash before returning to the bed and gave me a gentle massage while we had a chat via my translator app.

I established that she was from Wuhan and has been in Australia for just two days and doesn’t expect to work anywhere else.

She said they had eight rooms and there were six girls working.

I showered, dressed and departed.

Not the best of sessions but I’ll return to try some of the other ladies – they have a mix of Asian and Caucasian ladies, all at $150/hr.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 31st March 2020, 06:12 PM
Poster ID: rjeezy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Madame's relaxation

Date of Visit : 02/02/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.madamesrelaxation.com/

Phone : 0296234058

Hours of Business : 24 hrs

Rates :  $90

Age : 30+

Size/shape : Bit Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Worth the money 7/10

My experience/comments : Room was rather dark. We both came in together, showered together. She started off with a light massaged on my back, then followed by covered BJ as I felt her up. She had a huge bust and very smooth skin.
She then got on top as I was facing up and she inserted me inside her. We continued until I asked to change to missionary, doggy, then missionary until I finished inside her.
We then both showered together, dried up and I left. She was on the older side but a fine experience in any case.


