Thread Title: Pillowtop Penrith - Candy  - 0412 666 673 or 02 4722 2005
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2018, 07:39 AM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: 
 Pillowtop Penrith - Candy  - 0412 666 673 or 02 4722 2005
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Pillow Top of Penrith

Date of Visit : 27/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penrith 423 – Pillow Top – New Management 0412 666 673 or 02 4722 2005

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : Before 8pm $70/$135 After 8pm $80 / $150

Age : Late 20's 

Size/shape : Size 6-8 quite pretty 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Great slow CBJ, Affectionate LDKF , FS, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


So I decided to return to Pillow top. Angela the new Mamasan there is very customer focused and keen to improve services and reputation. She messages me to let me know of new girls and she as updated the website etc. 

The last couple of times I gave gone the girls have been younger and and very eager to please. The rooms and premises are very clean, fresh towels and well presented. 

I love long fingernails. 

Anyway, the young lass that greeted me at the rear entrance (anyone under 40 is young to me) was smiling as soon as she opened the door and she took my hand. This might only seem like a minor thing but it really sets the tone for feeling like I am being treated with affection and positive energy. On top of that one of the first things I noticed is her fingernails. OMG I love long fingernails. I was already getting excited

I choose a time frame, only 30 minutes at this point, and am offered a towel and use of a hot shower that she starts for me. She goes to deliver the funds I presume while I wash the daily grime off. When she returns she takes of her skin tight dress to reveal a sexy bra and g-string. OMG I love seeing girls with soft yet firm skin all over! She went to remove the rest but I dashed over to stop her so I could run my hands all over her from behind. She then reach behind and gently started to caress my already hard little friend. 


After a nice cuddle she then surprised me by secretly grabbing a condom and putting it on me while reach around behind her self and then in one motion spins around and down onto her knees to slowly take me into her mouth. OMG, I love watching a woman suck my cock while she is on her knees in front of me. One of lifes most amazing pleasures. 

She started to go faster but I gently stroked her hair and said "SLOWLY" and she obediently became more sensual the way I like it. After about 5 mins of this I was surprised to find I was starting to feel the rise of an orgasm which I hardly ever do with a Covered blow job. Just goes to show that the way a woman makes you feel is more about her attitude and technique than having a condom on or off. 

At this point I realised I needed to reduce the stimulation in order to last the session so I lifted her up and gently guided her to lie down on the bed. I asked her if likes to be licked and she smiled a naughty smile and nodded. I kneeled on the floor beside the bed and she eagerly spun herself around and lifted her legs up to give me full access. 

I started by gently kissing around her mound which made her start to moan and make little movements in her hips to get herself closer to my lips and tongue. I then started to slowly trace around her slit which made her throw her head back and then reach down to take a hold of my hands with her hands and she tried to pull me in closer. I obliged and penetrated her fully with my tongue which made her gasp and raise her head up to watch. She started to mimic my tongue movements with her tongue which made me really horny wanting to have her mouth around me again but I resisted the urge and kept pleasuring her. She was getting very turned on every time I liked her clit, she said that it was making her horny, so I started to concentrate there and she litterally came almost straight away. That was a surprise. I went to get up and she grabbed my head and pushed me back down again; she wanted another orgasm. Well, who am I to argue. It didn't take long for to to start squirming except this time she grabbed head with her legs like a vice and shuddered to another climax. 

Of course this had made me super turned on and I just jumped on the bed and she grabbed and pulled me in to her and was kissing me passionately. She opened herself up to take my thrusts as deeply as I could go and then I rose up to watch her taking my cock and she was staring at me and grabbed my face with both of her hands and then stuck a finger nail in both of ears! Did I mention mention, she has lovely long fingernails. I love long fingernails. Well this little WLtrick is new one to me and I litterally exploded on the spot. She had me bucking like a 20 year old I was that turned on. 

Well that was about 20 minutes in and I knew I still wanted to fuck her more so I said I wanted to extend and she got the machine so I could pay the extra. 

I then was able to take my time fuck her good and hard in doggy, her on top, and then into missionary again. AS the time went we alternated between slow and sensual to eagerly fucking hard and grabbing each other like teenagers. I was trying to get into the last stage to blow again but she was getting sore and asked in I wanted a hand job. This normally puts me off but in this case it actually turned me on as the idea of her sexy fingernails wrapped around my cock was a enticing. 

I was surprised how long I took but I was still able to spurt a little bit and she was very patient and didn't rush me at all which I appreciated. 

All in all one of my most satisfying fucks for a while. 

I would def recommend guys to to give Pillow top a try. As I said, Angela has made a great impression on me with her eagerness to check i was happy after each session and to tell me she wants to make sure I am satisfied. This goes a long way in my book.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th June 2018, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Question, why doesn't this post show in the new posts section?  Am I posting in the wrong spot?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st July 2018, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: Bugs09
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It appeared in my new post section jabba


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd July 2018, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh, maybe it only shows new posts from others in the new post section?


