Thread Title: Pillow Top - Penrith -02 4722 2005 or 0412 666 673
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd December 2017, 02:12 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: 
 Pillow Top - Penrith -02 4722 2005 or 0412 666 673
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Pillow Top

Date of Visit :22 Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : lvl 1 , 423 High St Penrith ????A lot new girls in town, don't miss out come and have fun - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $80/30mins +

Age : Mid-Late 40’s I’d guess 

Size/shape : Slim size 8, fake C cups, Caesar scar, hairy armpits and pussy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : she said Thai but had a strange almost Russian accent 

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

I’ve been interested in trying this place since it went under new management a few months ago and thought I would today.
went in the more discrete rear entrance up and across the steel gantry. Angela took me to a room, didn’t show me anyone else. I told her 30minutes and she immediately started the hard sell to 40 minutes for $100. Told her I just wanted 30 minutes and to bring me change, she muttered something as she ran me a shower and left. I dried off and she reappeared and stripped. Her body was a bit beaten and flabby but then so is mine. I wanted to eat her pussy so I got her to sit on my face. Her pussy was quite sweet and responsive, this was probably the highlight of the session, even though her pussy was quite hairy the hair parted around the play area. After a few minutes she seemed to cum but I suspect it was fake. She wanted to fuck but I wanted her to suck me so she rolled on the dom  for a pretty ordinary CBJ so I swung her into 69 for a bit then the shop phone rang outside the room. She apologized then excused herself to go answer it. When she came back in still talking on the phone, I slipped into her from behind. (I do enjoy a WL trying to talk on the phone while I’m fucking them or eating their pussy!). After a couple of minutes she hung up then we resumed on the bed in Asian cowgirl and I blew after a few more minutes. She said ok can cum 2 times and started sucking my nipples and wanking me. After a few minutes the girl in the room next door finished with her guy and Angela was pushing me for a double for 20 minutes for another $50. It was then I realized she didn’t give me my $20 change earlier and when I told her she said I paid for 40 minutes. I told her no I only wanted 30 and knew it wasn’t worth arguing so I refused the double and let her roll a dom on my semi hard cock. She bounced on it in Asian cowgirl again but I’d lost interest by now. She told me time was up so I had a quick shower and left. Looking at my watch I was there for exactly 30minutes.
would I return? Probably not. I felt duped being up sold to 40 minutes without my permission and my change being held back to pay for it, only to find it was only 30 minutes anyway. Not only that but Busty Fiona’s is 2 minutes around the corner and far better VFM.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th December 2017, 04:04 PM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review mate - was wondering if the service would be good after new ads suggest change in management - sounds like it is still a dive


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th May 2018, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment :  Pillow Top

Date of Visit :  three times  - first three weeks of May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_245...-Have-Fun.html

Hours of Business : I think they are 24/7 

Rates : 30 mins/ $70  60mins/ $120

Age : 30 ish

Size/shape : size 8 - quite slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ , FS,  Lip kissing (barely)

Value for money/recommend? : I would say yes'ish

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


So Earlier in the month I decided to try another of the local older brothels. After my poor experience with Desires I decided to try Pillowtop. I am sorry for not writing a review of each. I just didn't feel sufficiently enthusiastic about my experience to warrant the effort but I figure the other punters might benefit from the info so....


So my first experience of PT was a disaster. I was wary when I rang the door bell but the pretty young lady that opened the door piqued my interest considerably. After she showed me the rates I asked her if she was happy to kiss?  I had sent a an SMS earlier to ask if there were girls on that kissed and the answer was yes. She didn't seem too sure so I motioned with my hand to show what I meant and she said yes. I wasn't convinced so I asked are you sure. She got her phone to translate and I asked again and emphathised that I did not want to make her feel uncomfortable and was she happy to provide kissing. She said yes again. So I proceeded with the payment. 

The service started with the obligatory shower and then we went to the bedroom.  It was immediately apparent that my understanding and her understanding of kissing were two completely different things. She kissed me back once and then tried to avoid for the rest of the session until I gave up. I tried to not dwell on that issue and to enjoy the session. The problem was she was wincing each time I thrusted and I wasn't even going all the way in or doing it hard. I even have one of the smallest penis's in the world so for her to be expressing pain I knew it wasn't my size. 

When I with drew there was blood!  

I asked if she was in paid and she tried to lie. After trying one more time I stopped, had a shower and got dressed. 

I then asked to speak to the boss / management. I was introduced to a guy whose name I forget. Not very friendly. In any event. I was very polite and simply asked if an arrangement could be made to remedy the below par service I had received. I itemised, without blamming or judging, that I had checked about kissing before I came, that I had asked before I paid, and then on top of not getting the kissing part, the poor girl was working during her period and couldn't perform as required, to put it bluntly. 

He said he was just a staff member so I asked if I could leave my details for management to get back to me. 

The next day I received a phone call a lady called Angela. She was very apologetic and offered me a discount for my next visit. Have to give credit to them for following up and being willing to offer something in return. 

So I went back about a week later and Julie was there again. I tentatively checked with the kissing thing again and she used the translator app to appologise for the session the week before and said yes and gave me a kiss. So off we went for the hours session I got on special for $25 dollars of or something like that. 

This session she was more enthusiastic but still had issue of not really doing the kissing thing. I have resigned myself to this lady not providing kissing. This I don't mind I just wish they wouldn't lie to get the session. 

Anyway, I won't do  a blow by blow. She doesn't do a lot of fake moaning so when she does interact it is more genuine and real resposne to the actions. Suffice to say that for the money she is attractive and offers a level of enthusiasm that is above the average so for the price and convenience of the location I am willing to overlook the lack of kissing. 

I would prefer to see some new girls here but each of the three times I have been in the last month it has been the same girl. 

My prefferred location is Fionas but this is ok for a variety punt.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th June 2018, 11:00 PM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Pillow Top of Penrith

Date of Visit : 27/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penrith 423 – Pillow Top – New Management   0412 666 673 or 02 4722 2005

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : Before 8pm $70/$135  After 8pm $80 / $150

Age : Late 20's 

Size/shape : Size 6-8   quite pretty 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided :  Great slow CBJ, Affectionate LDKF , FS, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


So I decided to return to Pillow top.  Angela the new Mamasan  there is very customer focused and keen to improve services and reputation. She messages me to let me know of new girls and she as updated the website etc. 

The last couple of times I gave gone the girls have been younger and and very eager to please. The rooms and premises are very clean, fresh towels and well presented. 

I love long fingernails. 

Anyway, the young lass that greeted me at the rear entrance  (anyone under 40 is young to me) was smiling as soon as she opened the door and she took my hand. This might only seem like a minor thing but it really sets the tone for feeling like I am being treated with affection and positive energy. On top of that  one of the first things I noticed is her fingernails. OMG I love long fingernails. I was already getting excited

I choose a time frame, only 30 minutes at this point, and am offered a towel and use of a hot shower that she starts for me. She goes to deliver the funds I presume while I wash the daily grime off. When she returns she takes of her skin tight dress to reveal a sexy bra and g-string.  OMG I love seeing girls with soft yet firm skin all over! She went to remove the rest but I dashed over to stop her so I could run my hands all over her from behind. She then reach behind and gently started to caress my already hard little friend.  


After a nice cuddle she then surprised me by secretly grabbing a condom and putting it on me while reach around behind her self and then in one motion spins around and down onto her knees to slowly take me into her mouth. OMG, I love watching a woman suck my cock while she is on her knees in front of me. One of lifes most amazing pleasures. 

She started to go faster but I gently stroked her hair and said "SLOWLY" and she obediently became more sensual the way I like it. After about 5 mins of this I was surprised to find I was starting to feel the rise of an orgasm which I hardly ever do with a Covered blow job. Just goes to show that the way a woman makes you feel is more about her attitude and technique than having a condom on or off. 

At this point I realised I needed to reduce the stimulation in order to last the session so I lifted her up and gently guided her to lie down on the bed. I asked her if likes to be licked and she smiled a naughty smile and nodded. I kneeled on the floor beside the bed and she eagerly spun herself around and lifted her legs up to give me full access. 

I started by gently kissing around her mound which made her start to moan and make little movements in her hips to get herself closer to my lips and tongue. I then started to slowly trace around her slit which made her throw her head back and then reach down  to take a hold of my hands with her hands and she tried to pull me in closer. I obliged and penetrated her fully with my tongue which made her gasp and raise her head up to watch. She started to mimic my tongue movements with her tongue which made me really horny wanting to have her mouth around me again but I resisted the urge and kept pleasuring her. She was getting very turned on every time I liked her clit, she said that it was making her horny,  so I started to concentrate there and she litterally  came almost straight away. That was a surprise. I went to get up and she grabbed my head and pushed me back down again; she wanted another orgasm. Well, who am I to argue. It didn't take long for to to start squirming except this time she grabbed head with her legs like a vice and shuddered to another climax. 

Of course this had made me super turned on and I just jumped on the bed and she grabbed and pulled me in to her and was kissing me passionately. She opened herself up to take my thrusts as  deeply as I could go and then I rose up to watch her taking my cock and she was staring at me and grabbed my face with both of her hands and then stuck a finger nail in both of ears!   Did I mention mention, she has lovely long fingernails. I love long fingernails. Well this little WL trick is new one to me and I litterally exploded on the spot. She had me bucking like a 20 year old I was that turned on. 

Well that was about 20 minutes in and I knew I still wanted to fuck her more so I said I wanted to extend and she got the machine so I could pay the extra. 

I then was able to take my time fuck her good and hard in doggy, her on top, and then into missionary again. AS the time went we alternated between slow and sensual to eagerly fucking hard and grabbing each other like teenagers. I was trying to get into the last stage to blow again but she was getting sore and asked in I wanted a hand job. This normally puts me off but in this case it actually turned me on as the idea of her sexy fingernails wrapped around my cock was a enticing. 

I was surprised how long I took but I was still able to spurt a little bit and she was very patient and didn't rush me at all which I appreciated. 

All in all one of my most satisfying fucks for a while. 

I would def recommend guys to to give Pillow top a try. As I said, Angela has made a great impression on me with her eagerness to check i was happy after each session and to tell me she wants to make sure I am satisfied. This goes a long way in my book.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pillow Top Penrith tel:02 4722 2005 or 0412 666 673
Person's Name : she said China, but I think she didn't understand my question 

Establishment : Pillow Top

Date of Visit :18/7/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : lvl 1 , 423 High St Penrith 

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $70/30mins daytime special 

Age :  40ishI'd guess 

Size/shape : Quite pretty, Slim size 8, A cups, hairy armpits and pussy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : I'd guess Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : For $70 it's just OK

Was in the area and thought I should give this place a second chance. China answered the door and ushered me to a room. She pointed to the 8pm-8am price list on the wall, I pointed at the 8am-8pm price list right next to it(about 10% cheaper) on the 30 minutes for $70, she pointed at 45 minutes for $100 but I said no time. She pointed to the shower so I went and had a quick wash and she undressed while I showered. She yawned a couple of times and I thought thems the breaks for working in a 24hr shop.
Onto the be and I asked her name, she looked at me funny and said China, I said hi China I'm Steve ( my punting name). A minute later she opened the translator app on her phone and she spoke into it and showed me the screen which said I don't speak any English, so maybe she thought I'd asked where she was from.
She rolled on the dom and gave an ok CBJ, a little bit toothy, I was rubbing her pussy but couldn't quite get a good angle. She sat up and grabbed a pump of lube and I stopped her for DATY, she was a bit unsure but lay back and gave me limited access. I gave her clit a few strokes with my tongue and pretty soon she relaxed and opened right up, after about 5 minutes she was bucking and writhing and seemed to cum hard. She was really ticklish and wouldn't let me touch her, she just pulled me in in mish. I gave her some gentle strokes while was sitting upright, and she started moaning, she grabbed the lube and squirted some on my cock while I was still inside, then she slapped my arse to give me the giddy up, so I started to up the pace, she kept pulling me in so I kept increasing the pace and she seemed to cum again and I followed soon after.
It was OK for $70, the place is a bit of a dive and the room smelled pretty bad.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th March 2020, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Called in here a week or 2 ago after seeing their under new management ads. Can’t remember her name so I won’t post a review. Needless to say it was pretty ordinary, a flabby 50 yo that didn’t put in much effort. Same old same old for this place.
Here’s the ad, ignore the pics, they’re fake.

https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_4...rls-today.html


