Thread Title: Stairway to Heaven - Lvl 1, 130 Queen St, St Marys - 02 9833 3269
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th June 2012, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: 
 Stairway to Heaven - Lvl 1, 130 Queen St, St Marys - 02 9833 3269
				
Post Content: 
I had frequented this establishment a number of times many moons ago. Those who remember Honeys that was at Parramatta/Granville about 10 years ago would likely remember that this was its sister shop. Used to have a number of good Cauc's at a good price - Rikki who used to make regular trips down from GC was my favourite, a strawberry blonde minx.

Unfortunately, over the years the quality rapidly deteriorated, and the place became a haven for tired old hags. I ended up paying what I thought would be my last visit on New Years Day 2009. How can I remember the date you ask? Easy! About 2 hours after I was out of there, a fire broke out at the place, so a quick Google search gave me the exact date!

So what drew me back to this place?? I saw the following ad on Cracker:

Are you looking for a young, busty and hot girl? 
Well im your girl! Yes boys its me April. I am back and willing to please! 

I am 23, 5'3, size 10 with a nice busty DD cup. Brunette with deep green eyes. 

I offer full service which i will cater to your every need and desire. 

I may be small but i do go off like fire cracker! 

give me a call to make a booking you will never forget.

Messaged the number given in the ad (0414 737 223), and began chatting with April, who was even kind enough to offer a couple of pics for me - very nice indeed! Ascertained the price was $120/30 mins and $200/hour. The time came to see April, so texted her today and made the booking, and was given the address of 130 Queen Street. Confirmed with her that she was indeed working at Stairway, which made me a bit more cautious. I have noticed on Cracker that Stairway have started to advertise regularly on there, promoting their girls and when you ask where they are they give you the same addy.

Anyway, rocked up as I was keen to see if this place had turned around. First change was obvious - previously you could walk up the stairs straight away before being greeted by a locked door, where as now there was a big gate at the bottom of the stairs and a pressing of the buzzer was necessitated. Buzzed, walked upstairs and met by teh manager as I went in. One thing I did notice was a big No Smoking sign - perhaps a lagacy of the fire. Entering, the place looked much the same, although had been cleaned up a bit. I think the fire was in one or two rooms at the very front of the buidling, which I did not see. The advantages of the No Smoking stipulation were imeediately felt as I did not feel like I was sitting in an ashtray.

Was met by April, and was instantly very happy I followed through with it. She was just as described in her ad, and the pics she sent me did her no justice. About 5'3, size 10, some wonderul DD's, brunette hair. She did have 3 tattoos of a decent size on her right thigh, left lower leg and back (a recent one given I could see it was still healing), but this did not in anyway take away from her wonderful body.

Showers are still separate from the rooms here - a big downside for me. Returned to the room, enjoyed the view as April stripped, and she came and joined me on the bed. We started with some soft slow DFK - this girl was the very essence of the GFE. We explored each other with kisses and hands, and she was very responsive. Soon started a wonderful BBBJ, which soon turned into a 69. Soon dismounted, and straddled me as she reached over me to get the dom, and we were then into some mish to start. She took a lot of the lead here, and it was her that instigate the raising of legs and so on. Loved it when she soon pulled me close, gave me a big kiss and we then rolled over seamlessly into some cowgirl, which varied between her squatting and hammering away, and her sitting up riding and griding which was a magnificent view. When she mentioned she loves doggy, it was all the signal I needed to get behind her, and boy did she go off!! We finished with her lying flat on her stomach, me on top of her, and when the buzzer went to end our time together I jackhammered away to finish.

Afterwards we had a wonderful chat, where she told me that she does doubles with Candy there, and that the bruises she had on her thigh were from their last session together where she said Candy was "like a cat on heat". Saw Candy in the other waiting room when I came in, and I would love to see the two of them in action.

Would I go back there - Hell freaking yes!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2012, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: Shark67
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment :  Stairway to Heaven

Date of Visit : Sat Dec 22

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lvl 1, 130 Queen St, St Marys

Hours of Business : ??? t'was midnight

Rates : $150 for 3/4 hr, 200 hr

Age : 30 ish

Size/shape : 10: C cups: 170 cm approx, Shoulder length beautiful brunette hair, Attractive girl 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / Anglo: Some tats but all in tasteful moderation

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, Spanish, 69, Gagging, Modest Rough, Dirty Talk, Role play, Spanking, Light choking 

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : Hi Ho Hi Ho It's out to the west I go etc etc etc.... Catching up with a few buddies out at the Rooty Hill RSL or should I affectionately call it Manila RSL for an all boys get together or a break away from their married halves. One of the bright sparks in the team suggested this place because "all the hot chicks" would make for great scenery!!!. Filipino girls are HOT but let me tell you when we got there and finished with our back slapping and "how the hell have you been" greetings we looked around and YES they were 90% Filo's but an impromptu bashing, a few jabs in the ribs and "are you blind" comments to the bright spark in the team, made him realise that 60 + year old Filos glued to the pokies and gorging themselves with cake didn't substitute for the slinky girls we were expecting to see. 

To cut a long story short we had a pre - Christmas get together excluding the nagging halves. As it come close to midnight and after listening all night about the joys of marriage and that they were still the men of the house, the guys had to go home otherwise they would be lockeed out and sharing the night with the family pet!! What wimps!! Being the only semi single guy in the group I thought that I would march the flag into battle and visit an establishment I've never been to. See I like the punt and thanks to auxxxreviews website some of the risk is curtailed. Saw Binga's review above and I was feeling like some non Asian fun so I tried this joint.

Binga described this place accurately! It is a residential property on top of retail shops along Queen Street which is a major retail shopping street in St. Mary's. Not a purpose built brothel but some adjustments have been made to make it a clean, tidy and a functional place. A no nonsense madam ran the evening and I found her to be a lovely mature lady.

The lineup was predominantly made up of late 20 ish - late 30 ish Caucasian MILFS. I saw 5 girls and without sounding disrespectful they all had that "WESTIE" but down to earth presentation about them. Most of them have bodies that display child birth and most have tattoos (which I like) but I must say in all they were pleasant girls. They are not bikini models as most had some weight on them and the only blond size 8 their had obviously been on the gear for at least part of her life - but the line up was decent and the girls were sexy. Natalie stood out and was a real lovely girl so my choice was made.

Was taken to a room that was clean and tidy. We chatted and hit it off straight away with laughing and talking before she said to me that she didn't mind talking but she wanted to play.... and play we did. Natalie has beautiful natural C's and after deep kissing her I found my way to her beautiful breasts and I stayed there for some time while she moaned and just put her head down on to the pillow until I started eating her. Her nails slowly started to dig into my shoulder blades and that was the signal that told me this girl likes it a bit naughty so I asked and she only encouraged me. We decided on a "safe" word and spoke about our boundaries before I went back to eating her while massaging her anus. She then pulled me up and lay me on my back and without any hesitation she just opened her mouth and started mouth - fucking my cock BBBJ. I held her hair back whilst pushing her down on to my cock. She spat all over my cock and then I just motioned her head to start gag fucking me with her mouth until her face went red. My cock became so hard that I thought I would crack open the skin. We 69ed but then I just got her into the pile driving position and I slid slowly into her whilst she looked up at me. All sex was covered.

Back onto the bed and we fucked doggy style and I machine gunned her while my thumb caressed her inner anus and she just went off and the whole place heard her.Her spasms squeezed my cock which made me even more hard.  She really liked a good fucking and I was in the zone this night. The fact that she told me she was submissive put me at ease. She was soaking wet inside so I turned her over in the missionary position and she just started talking filth to me. Telling me that she wanted to feel my cock hitting her cervix and to choke her while I fucked her. NOW remember we had spoken about playing a bit rough and I still took it easy but she just loved being man handled. I let her dig her nails into my back and I told her not hold back and she just took a pounding and in between choking I squeezed one of her breasts. She then put her legs over her shoulders and I lifted my knees of the bed and we just pounded while DFK and her whispering to me that she deserved to be fucked hard cause she was a naughty girl. Regular exercising and a bit alcohol just got me to go the distance and she was fantastic never complaining or wanting me to hold back. She was a real woman and took the hard core fucking until I just felt like someone paralyzed me and blew my load in her whilst grinding into her while she dug her nails into my back.

We both lay next to each other and laughed and continued with some DFK. She is truly an attractive girl and a wonderful girl as well. A drink of water, a shower and her pinning me to the wall for a final DFK while I reached back and squeezed that beautiful little butt of hers and I stumbled out of that place. What an hour and what a girl!!!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th December 2012, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A home run capmar!!.....
This has to be a candidate for punt of the year mate......


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th September 2013, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey guys this place has only just re opened with new owners, but appears to have "gone asian"

I will still give them a try and write a review, but if anyone else can beat me to it I won't stop you from providing the TOFTT review lol


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th October 2013, 10:05 PM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CoCo

Establishment : Stairway to Heaven

Date of Visit : 4/10/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lvl 1, 130 Queen St, St Marys

Hours of Business : open pretty much anytime from what papasan said

Rates : $85 half $135 45

Age : 24

Size/shape : 10: D cups: 160 cm approx fair skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, Spanish, FS, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : After finding out this place has changed hands and changed staff completely I thought I would give them a go with the new girls.

Although this place has no changed to all Asian staff, The main problems with the venue are in the venue itself. The outside of the venue is really not looking appealing at all, it looks like the place is still in the middle of remodelling.

Once I get into the main section the inside has been completed and looks quite nice, Mamasan brings me into a waiting room and I ask to see a few of the girls.

The girls come in one at a time, a nice mix of MLC, Thai and Filo. The girls ranged in ages from 20s to late 30s, Picked CoCo after seeing 4 of the girls.

She had a LOT of trouble with English but after sorting out the length of time desired and payment sorted we moved on.

After a bit of kissing - not DFK but still GFE like. We get to classic petting and stripping eachother she gets lil Sanjay out and a bit of teasing leads her to pull out some oil and getting into some Spanish to start off, nice set of Ds on this girl - natural too which was a nice change. 

After some Spanish I moved her to the bed and sampled some DATY - she has a trimmed but still present bush, but definitely nicely maintained. Actually got a bit of a build up out of her before getting her to shake rattle and cum - sweet too 

After having a dine we move into a CBJ and she uses a lot of eye contact really seems to enjoy herself with the technique - she get close to deepthroating but with her technique she had to stop to avoid gagging.

After having a bit of CBJ I sit on the bed and get her into some reverse cowgirl - nice tight pussy, nice and warm and really great view with a sweet ass. Bit of nice grinding and bouncing the bitch loved it. After a while I felt the familiar feeling and after a bit of rough spanking and really hard fucking - loud enough for the rest of the place to hear her work  - blew in the dom and it was quite a load.

After the dom I asked for a massage - only had 5 on the clock to my understanding. But she moved into a full Thai massage. She really seemed to know the technique very well as I have had Thai massage before and she was great. She wanted to chat during and it was really difficult to relax with chatter that is hard to understand.

By now we were over time but without Mamasan or Papasan knocking on the door I figured I would roll with it, we got up and had a nice shower together with lots of cleaning on the lil fella, plenty of touching and kissing in the shower.

By the time the shower was over and we were back in the room and getting changed, I had been there over an hour after paying for only 30 I figure this was either a case of no one else there so let it slide or being generous with it being new so that I would share the love with fellow punters.

The girls all seemed to be new to Oz - so if you want to practice teaching english go nuts, if you want a nice value for money FS with a very skilled massage, this is a nice new spot to try out.

Hope you enjoyed the read punters!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th October 2013, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very informative review, Sanjay.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th January 2014, 09:10 PM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cecilia

Establishment : Stairway to Heaven

Date of Visit : 24/1/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lvl 1, 130 Queen St, St Marys

Hours of Business : still not totally sure on this one

Rates : $85 half $135 45

Age : late 20s?

Size/shape : size 10 very short tho (5'3-5'4 maybe?)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DFK CBJ (BBJ Offered) FS DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Felt the urge to try this place again after my last review so I went down this evening just to see what the talent was like tonight and mamasan there this time takes me straight to a room (they still don't get the idea of show me a few girls first). Sitting in the room after 1 very average looking girl Cecilia walked in and I thought - why not?

We sorted out the finances and since I already showered before coming here we moved on pretty quickly. She was very affectionate and after a bit of light touching and stripping off she wanted to kiss straight away, her tongue was VERY aggressive, it felt like a boat motor was invading my face, so I kind of went with it for a little bit then kinda steered her to the bed.

Now she kept a landing strip (i prefer shaven but hey its her pussy) and it was sweet and tasty, eventually got her to cum after a bit of DATY. She then gets up and asks me to lie down (by ask I mean she kind of just pulled me down next to her then got up herself) Afterwards she starts by leaning in for a BBBJ now normally I am ok with this, but after DFK and this offer I kinda wish I didn't, and told her to dom me up. She obliged and got a nice rhythm. Now I enjoyed this blowie, she wasn't going to make me cum, but she can definitely build me up nicely and get me very hard.

I tap for her to get up and she wriggles up and jumps right on, very little warning and no choice of pos, just in cowgirl she starts her grinding. I didn't really go for the moaning with it feeling and looking fake, but it's her routine I guess. After a good while of this I ask her to bend over for some doggy, she at least understands me and for a moment I contemplated taking my chance on some Greek but after rubbing my thumb on there and getting a stern no, I slid the old fella deep into that Asian puss once more.

Kept fucking for a while before figuring I might be close to time, i pulled out and ripped off the dom and came on her back (truth be told I was planning on her ass but I got a bit more launch trajectory than I thought)

Turns out I was right on time, as we were cleaning up we got the knock and I was happy with the visit.

She wouldn't be my first choice, with the kissing, the attempt at BBBJ and he fake moaning, but I know that some people are into that stuff.

Once again I enjoyed the experience, but I might stick with the other girl I was with last time if I see her again instead.
I laid her down


