Thread Title: Windsor Relaxation Centre 211 George St Windsor 02 4587 7224
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st November 2017, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: 
 Windsor Relaxation Centre 211 George St Windsor 02 4587 7224
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angie

Establishment : Windsor Relaxation Centre 211 George St Windsor

Date of Visit : Late October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  02 4587 7224

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $90-half $130 45min $150 hr

Age : Said 26, guess early 30s

Size/shape : Size 7, 140cm, B cup, suckable nipples, pretty face, slight belly, medium bum.  Unshaven pussy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : FS, CBJ GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This brothel has been around a long time, and seems to be running on word of mouth rather than extensive advertising.  A bit more expensive than the same service in, say Penrith, or the Western Suburbs, but not much FS competition.  There are quite a few massage places in Windsor, including a Thai place across the street.  Angie said they are younger there, but no FS.  Two girls on.  Chose Angie as she was the smaller of the two, and more friendly.

Angie is stuck in this place 24/7 with only a few hours out each day.  Been in Oz about a month, not much English, but willing to learn.  We had a bit of a conversation via her translation device.

As you can imagine, girls in this situation are starved of affection, which I am willing to provide.   Feel sorry for them, but not in a position to do anything about it except give them that little bit of loving.  So that is about the story.  Started with kisses and cuddles, and she was already thanking me.  Moved on to light caressing and stroking.  She welcomed my exploration of pussy, and responded well.  Nice when they are enjoying it.  She wanted penetration, so on with the dom, and first into CBJ.  Dont know what it is with these girls, but the hard CBJ is not to my liking, so after a lovely view of her hairy pussy, it was into her, and thrusting together with clit handwork.  Slowly but surely she built up to shuddering orgasms while still being held and kissed.  Thanked me again most profusely.  A real GFE.  Then onto my turn.  The lovely little bum was presented for doggy, and away I went.   Wasnt long before I shot my load.  We lay together for more cuddles, and then she did a good hard massage for the rest of the time.  
It was an enjoyable experience, but I do feel sad about how these women/girls are being treated.  On the other hand, the fact that they are more prone to enjoy the experience, rather than chasing a quick end to the job, meets my needs.
Will return if in the neighbourhood. However, no aircon on a hot day might change that.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2018, 06:17 PM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : Windsor Relaxation Centre 211 George St Windsor

Date of Visit : 8 Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : I used the address above, cant validate the phone number

Hours of Business : Not sure I went at 5pm

Rates : 100/30

Age : 30's

Size/shape : V Slim almost skinny, small boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : CBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? :  Borderline

My experience/comments : I would never have know of this place without the review above a google map search show the public but unassuming doorway. Climbed the stairs, neon open sign and locked security door, I knew I was in the right place. met by single girl, immediately led to bedroom and asked if I wanted an hour, said what are the prices? no english was the reply ..? I said OK maybe half hour, funnily she understood and quoted $100. I wasn't going to argue over $10. Offered a shower, return to the hot (no air con room) and she is naked.A little hug and tell tale fake moaning starts. This continues throughout even if I'm not touching her, I find this fake side a little off putting, she puts a little effort in kissing my chest and wandering down before applying the bag for some quite rough unpalatable CBJ, worth a note is after the bag is applied a rough grab a wipe of the lube occurs that is quite off putting, obviously she doesn't like the taste! A bit of miss, a bit of doggy, she has a nice tight feel and slim grabbable hips but the impersonal side of the fake moaning hasn't/isn't working for me. She realised all the "yes baby" in the world isn't working and offers a HJ to finish, even with lube this rough and so I do some DIY to finish. Overall the Big Mac of a punt, not hungry after but can't say I enjoyed it.

Of course YMMV

DT


