Thread Title: Abbey - Canberra (tour) - 0426 196 564
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th October 2014, 09:39 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Abbey - Canberra (tour) - 0426 196 564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abbey*

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : August 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 196 564

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $160/hr

Age : mid-40s(?)

Size/shape : 14-16, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT with kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : *Based on the phone number and description, this likely is the same ML/WL as Adele.

Abbey offers both massage and FS.  I just wanted an RnT and booking a time with her was easy.  She was staying in an apartment in Braddon.  The first impression was not overly positive: her hair was mostly blond but with pink streaks/highlights (not my favourite look), she was a bit heavier and saggier than I would have preferred and she didn't seem particularly enthusiastic.

After my shower, I lay on the bed -- no massage table here -- and she gave me a fairly ordinary back rub using moisturiser/cream.  There was a bit of tackle tickle which wasn't terrible but it all felt a bit rushed.  I was asked to turn over about 10-15 mins in and Abbey went for Little Richard pretty much straight away.  I looked around for the fire -- this was meant to be a one-hour booking FFS -- and slowed her down by playing with her boobs.  They were a nice handful and I enjoyed licking her nipples.  Abbey seemed to like it too so I progressed to kissing her which she responded to and we pashed for a few minutes, before her hand found Little Richard again and began tugging him a tad too fast.

Somewhat in exasperation and partly because I had become quite turned on by now, I let her continue to completion and it was a nice shot.  She quickly cleaned me up and hinted at the shower with all the subtlety of a sledgehammer.  No offer of a massage to fill the remainder of the hour.  I showered and left, less than 45 minutes after I arrived and not very impressed with her indecent haste.  A shame because she certainly showed promise during the kiss and cuddle phase and she's not unattractive.  It was almost lunchtime -- maybe she was just hungry.  Or perhaps she had a more lucrative booking lined up straight after me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th October 2014, 10:06 PM
Poster ID: gboat1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds an expensive $160 Lust ?????
Cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th October 2014, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes it was!  The capital doesn't enjoy the same proliferation of providers as Sydney so this is about the going rate for an RnT, but you want to fill your boots and get your money's worth at least.  Not this time.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 07:06 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Adele/Abbey's ad from todays Canberra Times, 



			
				ABBEY35 yo, brunette, massage, full service and in/out calls. Call 0426 196 564. Braddon


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 01:22 AM
Poster ID: carpet_crawlie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I believe that since shifting identities and apartments, Abbey (formerly Adele) is actually here about 50% of the time, ie, for two weeks every month. So, she is practically a local now from a working perspective, and the "on tour" label isn't really too informative. She advertises at the beginning of each cycle but not necessarily every day, which is handy to know when trying to book her. 

I've only engaged her for FS, except for one occasion when I suffered a major thigh cramp after, erhmm, over-exerting myself at a crucial point in the proceedings.  She actually has formal therapeutic massage skills, so fortunately was able to re-jig the requested service at that point and come to the rescue. In fact, it would be kind of wasteful not to commence her FS sessions with a warm-up and/or ice-breaking massage, unless going for a quickie.

I'd say she is a pretty good FS deal for the price, given her personality and responsiveness. Another nice aspect is that she is willing to work later than many privates,  especially for return customers who provide a reasonable amount of notice.

As for erotic massage, I don't really know. I would say that on those rare occasions when I have been after this  sort of thing (as opposed merely to a happy ending),  the ladies often seem to need a bit of instruction about how to tease. I guess Abbey would probably be up for performing massage with oral, which I believe can be a tricky service to find. Talk to her rather than to me about prices, but it would presumably be $220 or less for the hour, which is in fact quite competitive (insofar as RnT is good value compared to FS in the first place). 

The lady is certainly versatile. She also has some sort of dominatrix experience, as some may have noticed from her leather n boots outfits. Not sure how or if she might work that into a booking primarily about other services. 

She is surprisingly popular, partly due to the intermittent nature of her advertising and partly due to her stable of regulars.  I know this because she has been gracious enough, after an unexpectedly big day, to suggest rescheduling for a more enthusiastic performance at a later date. This is something I always appreciate personally,  but obviously if a customer adopts the attitude that "I made a firm booking and I expect maximum service", then they could be disadvantaged by this inflexibility. As a general rule,  Abbey seems to be most in demand at the beginning of each advertising cycle, so maybe avoid the first couple of days if possible.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 07:50 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting that she must have a loyal client base to justify her regular visits, so it's very possible my sub-par experience may have been a case of YMMV.

PS: I use the 'tour' label for anybody not permanently based in the capital region.  And just to confuse matters, I noticed she had advertised as Adele in the past few weeks.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th February 2015, 07:53 PM
Poster ID: carpet_crawlie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have a theory about Abbey's workload (and subsequent engagement) which I may as well share. Starting about last Spring,  I noticed a trend which others may have as well, of the privates round Canberra mentioning declining business, some of the regular tourers dropping their prices, the (Caucasian) brothels being less busy (generally speaking); all of which points to a declining economy. Some ladies, however, seem to have bucked the trend, Abbey being one of them.

At the risk of looking like I'm snooping into other people's business, I detect that some of those women who offer both FS and RnT are managing to resist the tide due to their versatility. I guess I tend to be one of those who underestimates RnT as kind of FS-lite and as not especially great value for money. The fact is, there would seem to be a distinctive demand for RnT based upon factors beyond price alone. Those FS women who recognise this and cater for both market segments would appear to be getting ahead of the game. 

At this point, I at least have previously  lapsed into thinking that any WL who offers FS also automatically offers RnT by extension. After all, if they can have sex then surely they can even more readily provide a bit of a rub and a handjob? Well, actually no. For starters, most of the FS,  Caucasian, women hardly mention massage or happy endings when promoting themselves, and when they do it tends to be an afterthought. They might finish a punter off with a handjob after unsuccessful sex, but they generally aren't attracting those punters who want handjobs in the first place. Almost everyone starts with BJs, but hardly anyone finishes that way. In fact, they're most likely to fill in time at the end with a massage (probably half-baked) and a chat, which is the direct opposite of the approach of most RnTers. As an aside, I think it's fairly essential for the RnTers to do so nude, probably not such a big deal for them to permit customer groping, the massage needs to be firm but not necessarily all that accomplished otherwise, and I don't have much of an idea about the contribution of the happy-ending technique. I mean, punters talk about it a lot, but whether it affects business all that much is another story.

Abbey has mentioned that she can get well into double figures with her daily jobs, bearing in mind that these can consist of a mix of FS and RnT, and of various durations. And of course she throws outcalls into the mix just to increase the job demands even further. I know her well enough to accept what she says without thinking that she's trying to impress me regarding her availability. On those numbers, she is as busy as an in-demand WL in a popular Asian brothel on a weekend. Hence, no surprise that she might be less than enthusiastic when it comes to punter #15 for the day,  possibly towards the end of the evening.  There was a debate raging recently on that other review forum about whether oral services were more or less work than FS, with arguments advanced either way. I would add that the workload of massage, properly done, should not be underestimated. Lee, for example,  has contracted a WL form of tennis elbow from overdoing it. Using beds instead of proper tables adds to the load.

I mentioned Abbey's stable of regulars,  but I have no reason for thinking that she has any more than anyone else. The number of new clients that a WL is taking on (in response to ads) could in fact be more significant anyway. I can say one thing for sure: I would not like to be booking her the day after she has driven up from Melbourne,  run her ad for the beginning of the cycle, reminded her regulars that she is back in town, and possibly picked up some new business along the way as well.  I am however surprised that she turned in a lacklustre massage even under possible conditions of fatigue, as that is an area she seems to take some professional pride in,  and one which she reckons distinguishes her from most of the rest. I could actually see her getting mildly cranky with anyone who dismissed her offer of a beginning massage. She regards having her legs behind her ears as a doddle in comparison - sshhh, just between you and me, LOL!


