Thread Title: Amy (also Paris) - CBD - 0413 977 010
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: mstewart
Post Title: 
 Amy (also Paris) - CBD - 0413 977 010
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy (in CT), Paris (in Cracker)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 19/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 977 010, ???Paris-available for 2 weeks! ??? - Canberra body rubs - cracker.com.au


Rates : $150/30min, $200/45min, $250/60min

Age : mid  20 s 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : YES Yes yes

My experience/comments : 

Notice an ad for Paris in Cracker, and liked the pictures and also the respectful tone of the ad made it seem legit. Texted to make an appointment and easily sorted a 30 min massage.

Turned up to a nice new building in CBD, and texted and was quickly up in a very nice apartment. She was gorgeous and very friendly and her pictures were accurate.

Quick shower, then face down on the bed for a great massage. Therapeutic and sexy. Using her long nails to effect. Roll over and there was lots of very nice body to body, and grinding, some fake fucking in her hand in various positions. It was awesome, better than FS in my books.

Finished me off with her hands, with me hugged up next to her with my face buried against her neck. So good.

A bit more expensive than the usual RNT and no touching of her pussy allowed, but I loved it and will definitely be back. Plus despite paying for 30 min, I was there for nearly 45.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd January 2018, 01:01 PM
Poster ID: mojo2017
Post Title: 
 Paris - Braddon ACT - 0413977010
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paris

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Nov 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Found on Cracker

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : $150 for 30 min erotic massage

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : erotic massage

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : I booked Paris for my first erotic massage experience. She worked out of a private apartment in Braddon which was fresh and well appointed. Paris has a small, and tight body that would have been great to fuck, but that wasn't on the menu. As this was my first experience, she made me feel at ease. The maggage on my back was OK. With a full length wardrobe mirror beside me I had a perfect view of her somking hot body. Her knickers were off and I could feel her stubble as she rubbed her pussy over my arse and legs. As she was still wearing her bra, I asked if she could remove it to improve my view in the mirror, and she willingly obliged. Her tits were a magnificent C cup and perfectly shaped. 

When she asked me to roll over, that's when her skills really came through. As I played with those tits, she worked her magic on my cock and balls. She started with slow and gentle strokes of my cock, then slowly increased pressure and speed. While she had small hands, she had an amazing grip on my cock. As I neared climax, she straddled me. For a moment I thought she was going to slide my cock into her pussy, but she was only teasing. Afterwards, she held me in a warm embrace while I came back to earth.

The only thing that annoyed me was she kept on stopping and replying to texts on her phone. Next time I'll ask her to put it on silent.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd January 2018, 07:28 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paris (aka Amy)

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 977 010 | backpage/cracker & CT ads

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $200/45mins

Age : mid-20s

Size/shape : petite size 6, 5' 2", B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me but YMMV

My experience/comments : I had noted Amy's ad in the CT for some time and as Paris on backpage but had been put off by her rates which are on the high side. Still, looking for a change from the local AMPs, I decided to give her (as Paris) a go. I called to book and she sounded quite nice and professional.

Paris was staying in a serviced apartment in the city and parking was easy to find nearby. With her glasses and blond hair up, she had a sort of naughty librarian look. She didn't have a massage table unfortunately so it was just the bed. After I showered, Paris got started on the massage. For a smallish girl, she gave quite a firm one though it was neutralised somewhat by me being pushed into the bed. At one point she sat on my legs so that I felt her slightly sweaty pussy. There was only some perfunctory tackle tickle shortly before I was asked to turn over.

After the flip, whatever hopes I had of an increasing degree of sensuality dissipated pretty quickly. Paris rubbed my legs and chest before settling down beside me to focus on my boy bits. However, while it was pleasant enough, it was just not sufficient to get me very excited and she didn't really have too many tricks in her kitbag to improve matters, which may be a sign of her inexperience. There was no warning of time as most MLs give, and all of a sudden I was offered a shower.

Although Paris was polite and friendly, there was an absence of any real sensuality or sexiness and this was an expensive flop for me, though others may well enjoy their booking a lot more.


