Thread Title: Chloe - Canberra (tour) - 0410 795 877
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 01:41 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Chloe - Canberra (tour) - 0410 795 877
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : December 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410 795 877 | CT ad: 




			
				CHLOE IS BACK Sensual massage + more. 10am till late. Phone 0410 795 877


Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $160/hr

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : 10, C/D cup, 5'11"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Having had successful punts with a couple of other Chloe's this year, I thought I may as well try another.  This Chloe advertises sensual massage but also offers FS over the phone.  (I didn't get her FS rates as I was only after an RnT.)  She was staying at the Ugly Apts in Reid which was slightly disappointing, but I've had some pleasant surprises there so decided to give her a go.

Chloe is a tall brunette with shoulder-length hair and a friendly disposition.  She was quite chatty in bursts punctuating short-to-long silences.  Unlike some others, she is a qualified masseuse and had a table set up in the bedroom, so that was a good start.  Her massage was fine, with the occasional flick between the legs and nails lightly along the inner thighs to get the blood coursing in the right direction.  Chloe rubbed her boobs on my back a few times quite early on, though not in a particularly sensual way.  The bodyslide was similar: it was OK but somehow not executed in a very erotic manner.  She finished the first half with a nice but brief reach-through, stroking my cock to an erection as I lifted my bum to provide her easy access.

When I turned over onto my back, she worked on my legs with a rub along my now limp penis.  I caressed her tall frame and boobs which she was fine with.  Eventually, Chloe focused on building me up to a reasonable climax with a competent but not fantastic HJ.  The talk was not excessive but at times detracted from the sensual part of the session.  In fact, my main criticism would be that there wasn't any real attempt at creating a sensual, sexy experience, with Chloe never shifting gears from a friendly getting-to-know-you chat to a more seductive mode.  The session also ended early and I should have gone with the 45-minute option for $20 less.

All in all, while Chloe was nice and friendly enough, and quite attractive in her way, it was not the best value RnT.  Her namesake in Kingston, whom I saw earlier in the month, is $10 cheaper, beautiful, very sexy and can really turn on the eroticism -- but also a damn sight harder to get hold of and not a qualified masseuse.  The other Chloe I'd seen a few times was also crap at massaging but great at making out.  So this latest Chloe comes third and was a one-time visit for me.  Perhaps she is quite different in FS mode, but I'm unlikely to try.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: jd316
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. Was toying with a booking, but won't bother.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 08:57 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No worries.  It goes without saying YMMV, but I don't think it was because we didn't click or I rubbed her up the wrong way or anything -- she was very pleasant and friendly throughout the session -- maybe she just takes a while to warm up with someone new.  

FWIW, I'd probably go back if her rate was maybe $30-40 lower; I just didn't think her service compared favourably with other tried and tested PMLs around the $150 price point like Chloe and Belle in Kingston or American Sarah. Nice lady though.


