Thread Title: Eve - Gunghalin - 0432 409 785
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th February 2019, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: Dick90
Post Title: 
 Eve - Gunghalin - 0432 409 785
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : EVE

Establishment : Private house in Gunghalin

Date of Visit : 11 Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0432409785

Hours of Business : All day depending on her schedule, also does overnight visits.

Rates : Incalls; 30 mins GFE :$200 , 45 mins GFE: $250 , 60 mins GFE :$ 300  , Outcalls are for 2 hours+. I however bargained for $100 - 15 mins. Her outcall rates are not on the profile, i would just shoot her an sms.

Age : 23, appears to be 23 in real life too

Size/shape : 10, slim, appears to be fit. Decent sized boobs and nice arse.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian, Blonde

Services Provided : Sensual Full Body Massage/therapy
Hand Relief 
Oral On You 
Erotic Body Slides
Full Service 
Multiple positions 
Spanish
Cum twice 
Head and foot massage
domination and fetish services

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : She replied very quickly when i messaged her. I would recommend SMS to be the best way to contact her. I agreed before hand to pay $100 for 15 mins which included body rubs and sex at the end.

At first i was skeptical that she would turn out to be another old asian (based on previous encounters), but she completely blew my mind.

Once i arrived she opened the door and greeted me with a smile. She was wearing a black transparent dress with a black bra and panties. Straight away we went into the bedroom. The bedroom was very clean with a king sized bed.

I gave her the money and started undressing. She too took off her dress. I then lay on my back on her bed and she started putting vaseline all over my legs and upper body. She then started sliding on her back and front for about 7 mins. She teased a lot and i just kept getting harder and harder. She is a real aussie beauty. I then fucked her boobs which then led to an intense blowjob. I started running my hands all over her body and started rubbing her pussy. It was well maintained (trimmed) and clean.

 She started responding to it which turned me on even more. She then got on top of me and her boobs just kept bouncing the whole time. I started sucking on them and playing with them. She really seemed to be turned on. After about 4 mins of intense fucking i blew my load inside her (i was wearing a condom). I came earlier than i would've liked, but oh well. This was a $100 well spent and i would do it all over again. I however would've enjoyed it more if she used oil instead of Vaseline for the body rubs. The vaseline kept drying up and she kept reapplying. A minor discomfort for her service.

Overall i would really recommend her service to anyone. I would definitely give her a try.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th February 2019, 01:18 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hate to point out the obvious but no massage table. Full service on the menu and no mention of massage during encounter unless you view the menu as being a qualification for massage.
Think this entry belongs in PWL. Perhaps?


