Thread Title: Jamie (Milking Table) - 0477 038 555
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th January 2016, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: 
 Jamie (Milking Table) - 0477 038 555
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jamie
Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 24 Jan 16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0477038555 cracker and back page

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : 150 - 30mins

Age : 49

Size/shape : fit.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : rnt and milking

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was intrigued by the idea of a milking table and I am a sucker for a mature. Sent an text but she likes to talk so I phoned. Jamie has asexy voice and I was hooked. She described the service and offered a double which I declined 
Made a booking and arrived at northbourne hotel.
She was wearing lingerie on arrival as requested. Exchanged cash, stripped showered and hopped on the bed. Cock hanging free while she massaged.
Lots of sexy touching and reach through. Assisted by gravity soon was rock hard.
Jamie was topless and I got a nice feel and suck on those nipples
Before long she was under the table wanking me. Dead sexy. Paid extra $20 for oral and she sucked to completion. Filled her mouth. 
Then over on my back for a wipe down with a warm sponge
All in all. Great


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2016, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Contact details is missing a number... should be 0477038555

Nice review


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th January 2016, 07:59 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good one, Zig, thanks for TOFTT.  I came close to calling her yesterday, but chickened out when I couldn't find any reviews online and didn't want to risk a dud. Might give her a go next time, though $150 for 30mins does seem a bit pricey for RnT.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th January 2016, 12:14 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jamie

Establishment : Private - hotel in Sydney

Date of Visit : January 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0477 038 555

Hours of Business :  By appointment until late

Rates : $250 / hr

Age :  late 40s/early 50s

Size/shape :  Size 10, fake breasts, bit of a belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided :  Massage and HJ/Milking

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : 

Unfortunately I didn't have as nice an experience as zig zag. After seeing this review I thought I'd give Jamie a try. Booking with Jamie was quite easy and I was given the option of seeing Skye as well, who is her doubles mate but Skye leaves her clothes on. I declined.

To be honest one of the reasons I saw her was because I got the impression from zigzags post that it was a BBBJ with CIM. It might have been with him, but I was definitely only given the option of CBJ and was told she does not offer BBBJ so YMMV.

I opted for the hour only because I felt like it would give us time to warm up to each other. The massage itself was soothing and relaxing, and there was a lot of reaching underneath to ensure mini me stayed hard. When it was on to the milking part, she sat under the table and spread her legs, which I could see in the mirror, while she stroked my cock. She kept going with differing techniques until I blew an almighty load onto the floor. She continued to massage me after and I almost fell asleep.

In terms of HJ and how relaxed I was, she gets the thumbs up. I don't really rate her looks or the service for the price though. There are much better options for cheaper, including from caucasians, especially given there were no extras included. She is easy to get along with though and we had a good chat.

I would recommend trying her for half an hour to see if you click, and as I said CBJ was offered for about the same price as zig zag paid if you want that too.


