Thread Title: Leah - Barton
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2011, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: ghmg83
Post Title: 
 Leah - Barton
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Leah

Establishment: Private

Contact Details/Address: http://www.leaherotic.com

Hours of Business: 

Prices: 200 AUD for 45 minutes massage with HJ

Age: Late 20s

Size/shape: skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity: European

Services: No full service, massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Recommended

My experience/comments: She was very friendly, did not look as stunning as in the photos in her website, but still she is a very attractive lady. Easy to talk to and gives a great massage. I would recommend to anyone in need of a relaxing massage and the company of a pleasant lady.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st June 2011, 06:04 PM
Poster ID: billshakespeare
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw Leah about a year ago
Paid $150 for a half hour R'n'T.
The above review is right. Not as attractive as the photos on cracker. but still quite good looking.
Really nice apartment in Barton not far from parliament house. i got the feeling most of her clients are politicians or rich public servants.
she came across as fairly up herself and that entertaining a working class man like me was beneath her.
She greeted me in undies and a bra. again fairly attractive brunette i reckon about 40 years old.
After the obligatory shower she gave me a light massage which didnt do alot for me. when sh started feeling my balls from behind it felt great. 
she seemed to thinking touch my arsehole and was gonna be the greatest thing ever. i dont mind a bit of that but i nearly had to tell her to stop.
Then a brief front massage. I was allowed to touch har but she made it obvious she would rather not be touched,
Then the important had relief. which was in a word:lousy. for a start she wore latex gloves (totally unnecessary) 
then one of my pet hates she stopped wanking as soon as i stated cumming. i was mid orgasm when she thought "job done" and stopped to race off to bathroom
to wash her hands.
Certainly not recommended. total waste of money.
i dont know. maybes shes alright to you if you earn more than 200K a year and wear a suit.
but i would try someone else.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st June 2011, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: callaway999
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bill,

I agree with your review. I've seen Leah a couple of times and have been less than impressed. Others rave about her service, but I cannot see what all the fuss is about.

Mate, maybe it's you and I. By the way, it's not the suit, I had one both times!!!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd June 2011, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Guys 
I don't think it's you two alone!
I had a very similar experience with her, I wasn't impressed with her at all, was too busy talking to me about how she coudl get any bloke that she wanted when she wanted and when the job was done had to clean myself she went to wash herself and she used a glove which was really weird.
Should've saved my money that day but her website does make her look better than she does in real life.
I'm wondering if it's the same Leah that people rave about to be quite honest.


