Thread Title: Lily - Kaleen - 0431 415 932
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2012, 05:59 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: 
 Lily - Kaleen - 0431 415 932
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lily


Establishment: N/A


Contact Details/Address:  0431 415 932. 


Canberra Times advertisement,


ASIAN MATURE LADY. Best massage in town! Phone Lily 0431 415 932. 


Hours of Business: 09:30 - 11:00 pm (before 9:30 am by negotiation)


Prices: $60/30 min massage; FS available


Age: late 30s, early 40s.


Size/shape: Shortish (less than 5'6" in old money), reasonably slim


Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai (pure guess)


Services: Massge. Probably FS.


Value for money/recommend?: Not great but willing and presentable. Not likely to return.


My experience/comments:


Arrived pretty shagged after losing my way in the morass of streets. 

You can choose to park in an open drive close to the neighbours, on a busy road, with the prospect of getting
parked in, or do as I did and go bush.

There's a lot of public space (playing fields & so on), or little streets that touch the side of green places where one
can park on the grass opposite houses. This is what I tried and got fairly badly lost, so I ran like a tosser to the
door and got there panting and sweating pretty hard.

Door has no bell; thump the glass.

Lily hid behind the door but opened it. Nothing great to look at but tidy: a shorter, older lady with
a preoccupied look. She wore dark clothese of which I mainly noticed a black bra.

She showed me into a bedroom (it is a Canberra guvvy house: loo at the end of the hall; prob other
bedrooms and bathroom behind the other closed hallway doors).

Settled quickly and invited to disrobe and lie down. Shower not offered; it may be by request only.

Lily may have taken her blouse off but definitely her skirt. Her padded bra remained on and 
also something around her waist.

She started to rub my back through the towel she spread over it. I found it hard to relax. Some of the rub was her leaning on limbs with her full weight; not what I'd describe it as a body slide. There was no stroking and nothing erotic. However,
what the stimulation failed to do, the tension did: I rolled over quickly & came on my stomach. 

She cleaned me off and she started again on the front. Not very exciting stuff. I could touch her (a hand
brushing her breast inside the bra was Ok, although she made no move to remove it) and I could probably have
explored her shaven (or so it looked) pubic area, but there were no flattering lies, no caressing, and nothing I
recall as being very exciting. In fact, it ws only when her phone rang, that a reassuring grope to the groin reminded
me that she had my interests at heart.

Whatever she did or didn't do, I was still keen on another shot and she obliged with what I think was some moisturising
lotion in the palm of her hand. She continued to stroke after the crisis point so much so that I had to lean up
and ask her to cease. "Did I come ?" she said. Wherever her mind was busy with it probably wasn't me.

 A nice lady with potential, but on this visit nothing I could take advantage of. However, your mileage may vary.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd May 2012, 05:40 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A good review Fartichoke, had similar experiences with other ML's, where the house, surrounding, interest was just not there.  Nothing at all erotic about it.


