Thread Title: Mai Ly - Braddon - 0431 547 035
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th March 2013, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: Rex
Post Title: 
 Mai Ly - Braddon - 0431 547 035
				
Post Content: 
One from Cracker - ad posted below. 

Firstly, forget the photo - not even close. 

Operates from a house on Currong Street. 

Woman was probably late 40's, size 14-16 and fairly average looking. 

English wasn't great either. So you're probably thinking yet a another Cracker dud. You'd be wrong...

Onto the bed where she began quite a decent massage with some good pressure and working out several knots. A nice change when so many young girls just do a light rub with no real idea what they're doing. She then shifted her attention between the legs, playfully grabbing and slapping my balls! 

Turned over and she sat facing away from me to start oiling up the old fella. I began groping her massive tits (I'd guess DD/E), which up to this point remained hidden away inside her top and bra. I slid the straps off her shoulders, and unhooked the bra to set those puppies free! Still facing away from me at this point, I couldn't see them, but man, they felt enormous and heavy - the heaviest boobs I've ever encountered! Whilst I'm weighing them in hands, she moved to turn around and I saw them for the first time - WOW! The best rack I've seen in aaaages. AND they're real! 
I was hoping she use them for spanish, but sadly she didn't. I was about to ask her for a titty fuck, but lost my train of thought when she leaned over my cock for BBBJ which was a pleasant surprise. She really knows how to handle a cock with mouth and hands. I rarely cum from RNT (even with oral), but I could feel it building. And the final surprise, she seemed intent on making me cum either on her face or in her mouth, and I was unsure if I should blow in her mouth, but I followed her cues and let it happen. She just kept sucking as I blew, taking the lot in her mouth. I was totally spent at this point, and she seemed quite chuffed as she cleaned me up, and make some small jokes in her limited english. 

I left the place on a high and will definitely return to get better acquainted with those beautiful titties. I get the feeling there's quite a personality behind that lack of english that will come out with familiarity. 


~~** Mai Ly **~~ 
Experience the pleasure of mature Asian very passionate,Sexy Sensual Size 8 , Natural D Cup . 
Nice relaxing massage and hot full service. 
Offer extra services ( with affordable charge on top) 
Waiting to please.. 

Private by appointment only 10 am.~10 pm. 
No Text / Private No. 
In a very discrete private house. 

1/2 Hr. Massage $ 70 

1/2 Hr. Full Service $ 110 

1 Hr, Full Service $ 170


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th March 2013, 05:22 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Love your work Rex.

Despite the fake photos, all is forgiven when she makes it all up with her mouth.

Was this the massage ?

How much was it ?

Phone 0431 547 035
and remember, this is what she does NOT look like 






 Originally Posted by Rex

Firstly, forget the photo - not even close.


ml


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th March 2013, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: canguy30
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I told you on the other thread this chick was on Currong


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th March 2013, 09:02 AM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Rex


One from Cracker - ad posted below. 

Firstly, forget the photo - not even close. 

Operates from a house on Currong Street. 

Woman was probably late 40's, size 14-16 and fairly average looking. 

English wasn't great either. So you're probably thinking yet a another Cracker dud. You'd be wron
"""



Hi Rex

Sounds like you may have found another hidden gem in the ACT's RnT market 

Was a shower offered before and after and was the place clean?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th March 2013, 07:58 PM
Poster ID: Dangar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mai 

Contact Details Ph. 0431547035

Date of Visit: 29 March 2013

Address: Braddon, Canberra ACT

Hours of Business : 11 - 8pm everyday

Rates : $70.00 1/2 hour

Age : Mid forties

Size/shape : Very busty, about size 10. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Says Vietnamese but I think Thai

Services Provided: Topless massage, HJ and BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments: Being Good Friday and being in Canberra I thought I would go and see what this lady is like myself. I rang the above number and it was easy to arrange to drop by. This place which is a house is near the CBD and not hard to find. There was a sign on the footpath advertising for massage but the phone number was different from the mobile above. The house has a Buddhist poster in the front window and a bamboo type screen on the front porch which adds to the privacy I guess while you wait for the door to be answered. 

An older Thai lady answered the door and let me in. I was worried that she was going to massage me but she just took me to the room and said another lady would see me soon. I waited in the front room for ‘Mai’ who came in and I paid $70 for a ½ hour massage. She is not the prettiest lady but seems friendly and as stated above it is obvious she has been blessed with a massive rack. She was wearing a nice black dress showing her cleavage. The massage itself wasn’t bad. No massage table just lay on a towel on the double bed. She used lotion on my back which was good and not hard to wash off. A little bit of tickle tackle before the flip. I unhooked her bra to reveal her nice melons. Easily Double D’s that felt great. I wasn’t game to suck them as I didn’t know if she showered or not being my first visit. Mai then got some mouthwash on a tissue and wiped my cock. Not really the best feeling as it burned a bit but I went with the flow and following the wipe down she then commenced a great BJ while I fondled her tits. She wouldn’t remove her undies but I didn’t care as her tits were great and her BJ technique is obviously well practised. I got up on my knees and she continued the combination of a HJ and BJ on the tip of my cock. I blew a good load and apart from the usual “hello, how long you stay” etc she didn’t say much else besides, “Good boy” at the end as I came on the towel. Mai ushered me to the shower which was okay too. I noticed Thai writing in the bathroom so I guess they are Thai’s pretending to be Vietnamese. Overall I had a good punt and would return for round two next time if I am in Canberra.

Dangar


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th June 2013, 05:55 PM
Poster ID: Rex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This lady has quickly become my reg in Canberra. She never fails to deliver. I've seen her about a 8 times in only 6 mths! 

Sadly, she is about to move on, but she'll be a tough act to follow. Her combination of quality service and VFM will be missed.


