Thread Title: Nancy - Kaleen - 0406 987 420
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2012, 09:23 PM
Poster ID: Swan36
Post Title: 
 Nancy - Kaleen - 0406 987 420
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : private house

Date of Visit : 10/01/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 987 420

Hours of Business :  

Rates : $60/30 min massage

Age : 35-40

Size/shape : 10/curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Visited Nancy today and opted for 30 min massage. Was greeted at the door by a short Thai woman who showed my to a dark room with a bed and a dull red lamp (not the best start). Monies were exchanged and she promptly undressed.

The massage was nice and firm and got a few good cracks out of my back, massage also covered legs and arms, with a light amount of oil.

When she started the HJ I thought I'd ask her if I could titty fuck her instead (she is about a B-C cup) and she was happy to, so she oiled up her tits and sat on the edge of the bed and I had a good titty fuck, blowing all over her tits which she seemed to like.

No shower was offered but the room was tidy and girl was clean. Yes you can touch her pussy and tits all you like.

Not the best looker, but a decent massage+titty fuck+pearl necklace for $60 is pretty good. Other girls work in the same house, doubles are offered, it's worth a look.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th April 2012, 04:56 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : private house, Kaleen

Date of Visit : 16/04/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 987 420

Hours of Business : starts early (negotiable for 7am ish) 

Rates : $60/30 min massage

Age : 35-40

Size/shape : 10/curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. A return is likely.

My experience/comments : 

Confirmed the time and date of my visit a few days earlier and then rang 5 minutes before the appointment.

'Are you good to go' ?

'Come right now'.

When I got there there, the drive was full so I parked on the grass and rang the bell.

A short olive (brown) skinned lady, wrapped in a towel, answered and asked me if I minded waiting ... 'Will be 15 minutes'.

'Like hell' thinks I, but waited in the bedroom she lead me to (next door to the place-du-punt), and considered alternatives. I was pretty unhappy, since
cars parked all round the place is just the sort of thing that gets up the neigbours noses and invites a visit from the woolly suits.

To my considerable amazement, the magic clunk of a door latch was heard a few minutes later and even more amazing, the
lady appeared after only another couple more.

Nancy was clad in coloured bra and pants. She's plump but well stacked; she fills the bra abundantly. 

I think the price is $60 for 30 mins and $120 for the hour. This is for either massage or 'full service'.
Since I was at this stage trying to minimise my losses, I paid for $60 for a 30 minute massage.
Also, I was welcome to a shower before kick off. I decided for afters since she felt the scent of the sweating
fartichoke was not too much on the clothes peg side.

Since I am the softest cock in town, I was keen to ask about multiple shots on goal. Again to my suprise,
she was happy about this and went on to ask if I wanted to start with the HJ first. Is the pope a catholic ?
The HJ with Johnsons Baby Oil was fine. 

Afterward she offered a massage with oil and then switched to powder at my request. The massage was Ok but since
I am no judge and care for nothing more than the touch of soft skin, & a bit of a lie down with a naked femme from a
a massage, your milage may vary. I'd suggest that if you want bumps and kinks ironed or squeezed out in large muscle
groups, you'd be better served elsewhere since Nancy is a pretty much played in the notes of G F and E. Maybe kissing
is on. Maybe BJ. I can't say, but she looks willing and keen to put a smile on the grumpiest of dials.

She does like to talk while she rubs the back and calf muscles but didn't seem too unhappy with the feeble grunts
I managed to reply.

I rolled over after about 10, or maybe 15 minutes and she immediately oiled up and started to rub the object of 'Aimless desire'
( New Model Army - Aimless desire (1998) - YouTube ). It felt good. She dropped her head a few times and blew gently on the tip,
but nothing more. After a dozen or two strokes she began to use the other hand on the srcotum. Bliss !
A shower and I was out of there.

To sum up: a keen and kind woman who does a good job to get the hard earned. Almost a GFE. 8/10 marking hard.


