Thread Title: Nikki - Reid - 0458 461 728
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2015, 07:57 PM
Poster ID: zepunter
Post Title: 
 Nikki - Reid - 0458 461 728
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nikki

Establishment : Private Apartments - Reid

Date of Visit : 07/01/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458461728 
( Ad link - Asian sexy massage (no sex) Alice new to town (CBD) - Canberra | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker )

Hours of Business : 9am - Late
Rates : $100 - 45 mins
Age : 25 - hard to tell
Size/shape : Ad says C cup but is closer to a B cup, slim
Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian
Services Provided : RnT, 
Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Saw the Ad on cracker and thought I'd try her out as I wasn't able to get hold of some of my preferred Massage ladies...
Was really after a good Thai massage and the Ad sounded promising... Got into the room, exchanged the financials and got the gear off.. 

In comes Nikki, All smiles and to my suprise - she takes off all her clothes. Generally most others have left their underware on - things were looking up at this point.. 

Tried to make conversation but her english was pretty hard to understand, so i gave up and got to enjoying the massage. The massage was nice but nothing like some of the Thai massages i've had previously . 
She didnt apply much pressure or attempt to work the bad/sore areas like some of the good ones do...  

Eventually she gets to the legs and starts to arouse mini me with some light touching of the balls... she then gets me to turn over and I enjoy the view... Mini me is upright in no time and she smiles... 

She starts the tug and nice pressure. My hands start to wander and hearing no protests I slowly make my way down for a nice feel of her shaved pussy... Feels great and hearing no protests - start to rub her. 
She's getting quite moist by now and my fingers start to explore the hidden treasure... I proceed to suck on her nice tits and her HJ is feeling great.. - I still haven't blown and she's appearing to enjoy herself..

I figure i might have some leeway so reposition myself into a sitting position and get her lying down. Get a very nice view of her shaved pussy and continue to finger it - i can tell shes getting a bit annoyed that i havent blown. I'm also suprised and asked if there is anything ewlse on offer. 

sadly i get a no but thats ok... She eventually gets me off and we are all happy. 

Have a quick shower and I'm told that she's here until Sunday.. 

Overall - one of the more enjoyable RnT sessions but the massage was a bit lacking for my liking... 
As she's only her for a week - i won't be back...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2015, 08:32 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by pjceaus


Person's Name : Nikki

Establishment : Private Apartments - Reid
.

"""



Thank you for your review pjceaus.

Good find.

One simple minded q if I may. The ad says "Alice" but your review says "Nikki" ?






Asian sexy massage (no sex) Alice new to town (CBD)
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Price: $80.00
Location: Canberra
Viewed: 672
Date Posted: 06/01/2015
Ad ID: 404489380

Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

Shot visiting to Canberra From Sunday- Wednesday only,
so Please don' t miss out!!!

*** 100% real photos***

New Alice, Beautiful 26 yo, classy and sweet, curvy body size 6( 155cms, 45 kgs) with natural C cup. Skill smooth fair skin. Friendly and nice personality, very good English.

Providing prof. Thai massage (as had long exp. in Thai / oil massage and spa shop) ,sensual relaxing full body massage with happy ending magic hand (but sorry no sex)

Price for massage
In call
-30 mins $ 80, 45 mins $100 and 1hr is $130,
Out call 1hr massage is $180

Available at private apartment from 9 am - late...

Waiting to please,

Thanks for your time 
Alice xx


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th January 2015, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: joiejojo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice (my girl was definitely Alice!)

Establishment : Private - Reid

Date of Visit : 24 Dec 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Canberra Times Classified 0458 461 728

Hours of Business : Call or Txt

Rates : 100 for 1 hour Massage

Age : Ad says 26, I'd guess early 30s

Size/shape : Small, Size 8-10, C cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HJ that ended up FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : On arrival asked what I wanted, said Massage for 1 hour. She asked why no FS and I said I just wanted to relax. She nuded up at the start of the massage. Massage was average, only really focused on bum, crack and balls. After a bit I started to feel her up, she was into it and was really wet. I rolled over and she asked again if I wanted FS, I said yes...

On with the Dom and some good cow girl followed by Mish. She was really wet, foaming up down there! When I was close changed to Doggy and finished up that way. Overall pretty fun as she was so into it. 

Shower and out the door. I tipped her $20 as she was so into it. Session only lasted 40 minutes but I think she charges $120 for FS for 1/2 anyway so all good.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th January 2015, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: joiejojo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Also I'd say the picture above is not Alice, she had longer hair.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2015, 09:19 AM
Poster ID: zepunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry for not replying sooner. 

I had quieried that with her a few times in the session. She wqas very vague when i assked about her ad and that it mentioned alice.    She said if i wanted to see here again - to book niiki.  I get the feeling that these ads are generic and placed by someone else using whatever name they want... the phone number has been used by quite a few different massage girls  over the past year or so..  i Know that becuase the forst massage i got was using the same number  and she was only in canberra for a month last year


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd January 2015, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: Beyondkakui
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Pjceaus,

A group of these Thai WLs all use the same agent. You were talking to the agent that's why she was vague about everything.


