Thread Title: Nude massage with magic hands - Dickson - 0450 884 280
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st October 2018, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: Davo288
Post Title: 
 Nude massage with magic hands - Dickson - 0450 884 280
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown

Establishment : private hotel

Date of Visit : 31 October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto https://canberra.locanto.com.au/ID_2...gic-hands.html

Phone : 0450 884 280

Hours of Business : Not known - visited at midday

Rates : $80 for 30 minutes massage and HJ

Age : Says she is 30.  Not an outrageous claim.

Size/shape : Chubby, as ad says.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - assume Chinese

Services Provided : Topless massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, if you like chubby girls

My experience/comments : I was thinking about getting a RnT and her ad caught my eye, as do have a thing for chubby girls with big tits.  I texted her and she responded straight away with address (not unit number) and rates, and was available straightaway, which sold it for me.  

Arrived at motel and she texted me the room number.  Dodged the cleaners and she opened the door.  While it wasn't her in the photo, she is a bit chubbier in real life which was fine by me.  She gave me a hug and asked me if I wanted an hour, which I ddidn't.  She kept the bathroom door shut so no idea if there was someone in there or not.  

Paid for 30 minutes and stripped off and lay down.  She had on a baby doll nightie with bra and panties, which she kept on for the massage.  After about 10 minutes of an okay massage (no oils) she started playing with my balls before flipping me over and heading straight for the old fella.  I asked her to remove the nightie which she did without complaint or asking for more money.  She didn't take the bra off so had to ask her to do that, but again no problems.  Nice big boobs with firm nipples but a bit saggy overal which she was happy for me to play with as she jerked me off.  Lasted longer than I thought I would with those babies in my hands, but eventually came over my stomach, which she wiped off for me.  Didn't offer me a shower but that was fine as she cleaned me pretty well and I was happy to head off anyway.  She was straight on the phone to another lady - assume she was talking mandarin - which was a bit of a bummer - she is not one for small talk!  Got dressed and headed off.  

Overall it was okay, but wasn't expecting much given the price. The massage was so so but her chubby body made it up for me and she has a strong arm so no issues jerking for a while.  I would go back, but not in a hurry given the competition.


