Thread Title: Simone - Canberra (tour) - 0404 644 159
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2014, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Simone - Canberra (tour) - 0404 644 159
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Simone

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : July 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404 644 159 | cracker ad

Hours of Business : till 8pm

Rates : $200/hr

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : 8, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 





My Touch Will Make Your Body Melt

Come & escape yourself into my world filled with sensuality, soft erotic music & candles. Let my hands, mouth & body massage & caress you. Making every single inch of you melt with desire with my sensual body to body massage. 

I love what I do & I love a man who can give himself over completely & get lost in the moment. Allowing both of us to enjoy our sensuality & pleasure. 

Time & time again clients tell me I Have an amazing touch & they have never had a body to body massage that feels so good. 

I'm a sophisticated & sensual woman who is attentive & enjoys pampering her clients. 

My name is Simone. I'm 32 yrs old. Slim size 8 with long auburn hair, green eyes & full B cup bust. 

I'm in Act on Thursday & Friday. Both days till 8pm. 

1/2 hr massage - $130 
1 hour massage - $200 

Extras 

Oral (covered) - $50 
Anal stimulation (on you) - $50 

To book call my mobile - NO private numbers or texts. 

Look forward to seeing you.
			
		

After seeing the above ad on cracker, which sounded a bit too good to be true, I decided to TOFTT.  I knew I was onto a good thing when the apartment door opened to reveal an attractive redhead in black lingerie.  The main room was lit only with a multitude of candles which exuded a welcoming warmth, and once I saw the massage table, I knew I was going to be receiving more than a half-hearted body rub.  

Simone presented as her ad said, sophisticated (but not snobbish in the slightest) and sensual, and we chatted while I undressed.  She came across as very friendly and warm, and had the knack of appearing genuinely interested in my day.  She asked me what sort of service I was after and I indicated my preference for a sensual massage with plenty of teasing and tickling.  After my shower, she greeted me topless and gave me a long hug, then beckoned me to the table.  The massage was very pleasant and relaxing, with Simone clearly knowing what she was doing, and I felt the week melt away as promised.  About halfway through, she shifted gears and caressed my inner thighs and expertly teased and tickled my undercarriage.  I enjoy a good tickle and her light touch certainly delivered in spades, along my legs, back, sides and crotch, combined with a lovely bodyslide.

Then it was time to turn over and by now my eyes had adjusted to the dim light.  Simone's bodysliding was quite brief on my front and soon she was straddling over me, her breasts hanging invitingly above my face.  I naturally went to town on them, finding her tits a very convenient handful if a bit saggy and soft.  Her nipples were very sensitive and she clearly enjoyed my ministrations.  As I gently licked and sucked on them, my hands wandered over her back and bottom, gradually finding her flaps.  I tickled her lips with my fingers and was contemplating a deeper probe when she moved down and focused her attention on Little Richard.  Simone worked him up like a pro and I could have cum with a bit more of that treatment, but I wanted more so I sat up and dropped my legs over the side of the table.  She perched on my leg, her wet pussy grinding on it, as she looked into my eyes, began talking dirty and jerked me off.  Damn, she was sexy!  Things got pretty passionate, as I stole a kiss or two, until my cock exploded like a grenade in her hand.  Maybe it was the celery I had with lunch or the fact I hadn't cum for several days or the build-up during this fantastic session, whatever it was resulted in a very big load.  It seemed to startle her but she soon recovered and cleaned me up tenderly.

After I recovered and showered, we spoke some more and she mentioned the possibility of future visits, so I hope to add Simone as another regular ML alongside the likes of Chilli and Claire.  Same price point, same top notch service.

PS:  For foot fetishists -- The Steed, milkjoe and others of that ilk -- she also advertised separately a foot worship service (for $50 more), so if that floats your boat, keep an eye out for her.





			
				My name is Simone & I desire & crave my feet to be worshipped & pampered by your mouth, tongue & hands. Bringing me to the point of ecstasy as you suck, lick & massage every inch of my well manicured feet. 

There is nothing I like more than to see you on your knees at my feet where you belong. Enjoying the excitement that my petite well manicured feet bring to you. I like to wear red nail polish to symbolize passion & lust that my exquisite feet shall give you. 

Tribute is: 

1/2 hour - $150 
1hour - $250 

Available Thursday & Friday till 8pm each day 
To book call my mobile 
(No Txts or Private Numbers) 

Where you will present yourself to me on your knees eager to indulge both of us of our secret ....... fetish.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd August 2014, 07:35 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Long-time ACT punters might be interested to know Simone's number appears in this ad from June 2009:

DANIELLE & HANNAH ACT'S 2 FAVOURITE GIRLS FROM SYDNEY ARE BACK!!THURS, FRI TILL LATE.DON'T MISS OUT!PHONE 0404 644 159


