Thread Title: Tasha - Canberra (tour) - 0467 302 890
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st May 2014, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Tasha - Canberra (tour) - 0467 302 890
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tasha

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0467 302 890 | CT ad (see below)

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : $100/30mins ($70/15mins)

Age : mid-30s

Size/shape : 12-14, DD, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Marginal / maybe (if nothing better is available)

My experience/comments : Was in the mood for some pampering and saw this CT ad: 'BE PAMPERED : busty babe.Erotic, sensual, MASSAGE, no sex. 31 - 5 JUNE. Tasha, CBD. Ph 0467 302 890.'  No AXR reviews so decided to TOFTT.  Before I knew it, I was in a familiar flat in the Ugly Apts in Reid.  The smiling redhead who opened the door was very familiar too: Trinity, whom I'd seen just a few weeks earlier.  Luckily I'd enjoyed myself with Trinity, otherwise I would've walked.  Trinity is a WL offering FS, while Tasha is her ML persona.

There was no massage table, of course, just the bed.  Tasha was OK at giving a rub but it was nothing special.  She did a reasonable bodyslide over my back and was pretty good with the tackle tickle.  After the flip, more bodysliding and her pendulous breasts teased Little Richard until he took notice.  She knelt beside me and began a slow HJ as I caressed her boobs, but there was no opportunity to suck them.  I enquired whether Tasha kissed (Trinity is a good kisser) but received a smile and a shake of the head.  A few seconds later I got a quick peck on the lips for being 'so sweet'.  Tasha licked my nipples and there was plenty of sultry eye contact as she stroked my cock, which I really liked.  Another bonus kiss or two and I came a few minutes before time was up.

Tasha is a nice girl and good fun.  This was not a bad RnT -- her HJ technique was actually quite good -- just a bit over-priced compared to what else is currently available.  Tina, who is also in town at present, let me kiss and suck her (bigger and firmer) boobs for the same price, and her tackle tickle was superior too, though I find Tasha slightly more attractive.  For an additional $20, but for a whole hour, I could've had a proper massage and an equally good or better HJ with Suzie (albeit clothed).  OTOH, Tasha was much better than Lisa who provided a very mediocre RnT at $130/hr.  If Tasha's $70 rate had been for 30 mins, it would be VFM, but $100 is not IMHO... FMD, I sound like I'm shopping for tyres.  Or maybe I'm just more picky nowadays!


