Thread Title: Unknown - Reid -  0411 097 867
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2012, 08:45 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Unknown - Reid -  0411 097 867
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Not offered

Contact Details/Address: 0411 097 867 Apartment block over road from Canberra Centre Advert in CT

Hours of Business: Not known

Prices: 120hr

Age: Mature

Size/shape: Plump

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: Massage with hand relief

Value for money/recommend?: Perhaps, YMMV

My experience/comments: Based on the advert and phone call I expected a solo worker, nope ............... apartment with 4 mature Asian women in residence.  I was met at the door by a mature Asian woman who ushered me into a bedroom.  Poor English skills.  On the way through the apartment, I briefly saw another woman.  I was offered a shower in the main bathroom, no ensuite.  ML kept her underwear on for a pretty ordinary massage.  Tackle tickle from behind was good.  Once I turned over more TT and HJ were quite good.  After the massage on the way to and from the shower, passed 3 other women cooking lunch, while they were quite friendly and said hello, a little off putting.  From what I could gather they have been there for a couple of weeks.  I don't think I will be back as I am not too keen on set up.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I too rang the number expecting an 'Anna', the name given of a 'Crimes ad of a week or so ago. I'd
called that number in my never ending quest for a good 50$ RnT and spoken to a lady whose English
was at least as good as mine and who sounded worth a second look

I was suprised when I rang back later to get a completely different voice who sounded like reception for
the RnT coop that appeared to be answering this number. The lady first said there was no Anna and then said
'Oh, you mean this lady .. whose English is not so good' (an understatement).

Neither impressed me as much as 'Anna' so I was disappointed and wiggled out.

That disappointment almost certainly would have been greater had I fronted. 

Thank you Antares (you are a star).


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th March 2012, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: canguy30
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I also had the unfortunate experience, keep away at all costs!!


