Thread Title: Victoria - Canberra - 0451 788 448
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th December 2012, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: frankfrank
Post Title: 
 Victoria - Canberra - 0451 788 448
				
Post Content: 
Massage Full Body Relaxing, Stress Release. No sex. 0451 788 448. In/Out calls.

From the Canberra Times.

Aussie Lady

70 for 30
90 for 45
110 for 1 hour
Add 30 for oral with a bag.

9am till late from a private residence.

Meet up with Victoria on Saturday night 28/12/2012 . She would be mid to late forties appears to take good care of herself. A little heavy. Massage is carried out on a bed with towels on it which she is quite particular about.......you must keep yourself on the towels at all times or she gets all snappy. I elected to go with the hour and oral option and paid her upfront. She gives a terrible massage which lacks in the sensual department which is the main reason I was there. After not long she asks me to roll being careful to not move off the footprint of the towel. Whilst she is giving the massage she asking how it is and letting you know whats next. Anyhows I have flipped and she says its time for oral . Im very soft so she tells me to start concentrating then she begins to try and put a dom on me and suck away ,stopping pretty regularly  to check if I am enjoying. She tells me she won't suck for  long because thats not her service and off comes the bag and she begins to flog me as hard and fast as she can.  Whilst doing this she is telling me to concentrate because her arm will be sore soon and she will have to stop. 

She carries on for a little more then stops and complains I'm taking a little too long. Also no touching below the waist anywhere, no touching anywhere near her nipples . I have no choice but to do it myself which pisses me off I could of stayed home and watched some lame porn for free instead of shelling out 140 bones. 

She is just the worst massage lady ever .......Don't talk in a loud voice inside. Concentrate. Stay on the towels. 

It amazes me how she can keep the wolf from the door with the service she provides. It would be worth paying for 30mins just to see how angry you could make her.

I say avoid. I didn't have a lot of options last night and thought her service may have improved from a previous visit years ago.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th December 2012, 06:57 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review Maloo & thanks for taking one for the team.

This ad has been in the Canberra Time for some time (more than 12 months),

Massage Full Body Relaxing, Stress Release. No sex. 0451 788 448. In/Out calls.

It's good to have a name and a rating of the service.

What about

  Honey massage, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f125/r...2-043-a-13749/ or
  Adell (from Canberra Locanto Personals. She used to advertise in the 'Times)                      or
  Danielle, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f125/d...89-693-a-9170/           or
  Sophie , http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f30/so...5-747-a-13973/ ?

I have no experience with any but Sophie. Her massage is excellent. 

Danielle has been a ML for years. She has got over health problems that people remarked on some years ago and looks Ok in her Cracker ad.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th December 2012, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Farti, there's reviews of Danielle in the act private ml section.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st December 2012, 07:56 AM
Poster ID: jd316
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have unfortunately seen Victoria twice. The first time I saw her was in Manuka in 2007. Thought it the worst massage ever. Tame massage and she kept losing her temper all the time. I declined the oral and HJ. Left in appartment in a really foul mood.

The second time I saw her was in Bruce in 2010. The add and phone number had changed. The session wasn''t as bad as the first- Victoria only lost her temper once. I wrote a bad review on another forum. 

The add and phone number have changed over the years , but there is a similarity in the wording of each add.
I suspected this lastest add was from Victoria.
This bitch is to be avoided


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st December 2012, 08:14 PM
Poster ID: cupcake123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for taking one for the team guys. Once a bitch, always a bitch.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th January 2013, 08:31 AM
Poster ID: ducati996guy
Post Title: 
 Canberra Times - Massage Full Body Relaxing, Stress Release. No sex. 0451 788 448. In/Out calls.
				
Post Content: 
14/10/2012
Canberra Times - Massage Full Body Relaxing, Stress Release. No sex. 0451 788 448. In/Out calls.
1 hour massage - $130. Will add oral for $30

Claimed to be mid 30's. well on the upper side of 40 and I would even go as far as 50.
Australian, V ordinary Massage and oral

Being in Canberra for one night, I purused the local press (Canberra times) and found a range of ads for working girls. As I was in a hotel in the city, thought I would try and find someone local for a rub and tug. Turns out most girls were unavailable on a Monday night. I found this lady who sounded nice over the phone. Option for oral for extra $30 so I took this as well.

After checking services and rates, we agreed for her to come to my hotel for a one hour massage and oral. Whilst still on the phone, she checked I would have exact change only as she carries no money. Fair enough.

After about 30 mins, she arrives. ordinary and older, wearing a mid length skirt plumpish. On Arrival she asked if I had done this before cause I looked nervous. I felt perfectly fine and was just hitting the button on the kettle. She says "no time for cuppa we have a massage to get on with". 

She starts to lay down "rules" no grabbing, smooth rubbing. No digit inserting blah blah, one towel on the bed and a 2nd towel for her to shower. This was a bit weird but as the cash was gone, I agreed. She shows me the clock. this was getting odder by the minute.

She gets me lay down and asks again am I nervous and says "relax, relax". I was relaxed already so this just made me feel nervous. She then gets undressed and I see a nice set swinging down as she goes through her bag looking for things.

She then comes to the bed and gets between my legs. I am laying face down on the bed. Then she starts talking. I am studying, come from sydney, now live ACT to study. blah blah blah. As I was hoping to relax and she already made me nervous by asking half a dozen times why was I nervous this incessant chattter really started to irk me. In the end I stop responding and just tried to get to that sleepy snoozy kind of place. 

She is running her hands up my legs and across my back. As one point I asked to give my back some extra attention. She replies with "I am not a deep tissue person, you need to go somewhere else ". When I try to explain I would just like a "massage" on my back she just repeats the whole deep tissue bit. 

After 20 mins she says her normal is do half on the back and then front, shortly after she asks me to roll over. Now I get to see her properly, wrong side of 40 I decide. Grey hair, older type skin especially around the neck. Some lumps on the legs with big veins etc. Nice big swinging tits though.

She now starts to rub oil over my legs and belly. I reach across and rub her breast. Mistake cause I got a 2 minute lecture on how sensitive, please dont touch nipples, just gentle stroking. I close my eyes and she starts again. After a few minutes I move my hand across the top of her breast avoiding the nipple. Then I run my hand under her breast and she pulls back and looks at me. "Either on top or under, not both" she says. Anyway I decided that was a bad joke so didnt try again.

She then continues to chatter on about how good it is to be teased and am I enjoying blah blah blah. She then comes out with "let me know when your ready for oral". As I was flat out getting an erection, I was beginning to think I should just pack it in and write off the cash. Anway I close my eyes and put my hand on her hip so I at least have some skin contact and think about her hadn massaging me. Eventually I start to get a little hard and she says "ready for oral". Yup, lets get this over with!

She puts on a condom and takes me in her mouth, youch! she hardly opened her mouth and frankly it was hurting. As she continues she at times would take more than just the tip of the head into her mouth, but generally just the top. I asked her to take it into her mouth a little more and she gives me a 1 minute lecture on "I dont do deep throat" blah blah. I try to explain to take into her mouth like she was already doing, just more regularly. She doesnt get it, I give up. She then says "pass me the oil I will do you by hand".

I decide I need to come and get rid of this woman cause she is a nightmare. She gets serious with heaps of oil and plenty of hand movement and I shoot. She then insists on wiping me down and doing more massage. After about 5 minutes I just ask her to stop. She grabs towel & jumps in shower. Not sure why cause there was no body slide or anything else. Anyway she showers and leaves, good riddance.

Basically I paid $160 to get a lecture of this womans views on how men should behave during a massage. Next time I will just save the cash and have a wank. At least then I dont have to listen to an hour of drivel. She is crap at massage and wont stop talking. 

My advice, avoid the phone number 0451 788 448


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th January 2013, 09:16 AM
Poster ID: ausnoja
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
mate just write it of as taking one for the team  just hope you dont have nightmares  cheers


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th January 2013, 09:21 AM
Poster ID: beanboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I totally agree. I had exactly the same experience when I was last in Canberra with this lady


Floor: #9
Post Time: 30th January 2013, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review Ducati, sorry you toftt there. She sounds like one to avoid at all costs fer sure. It actually sounds like someone I saw here years ago, no memory of name etc, but very much don't do this, don't touch there sort of gal. The type of punt you tend to want to forget.
Thanks for the honest  and descriptive review though.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 31st January 2013, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: frankfrank
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I laughed pretty hard reading this. She charges good money and provides an absolute shit service. Victoria is a 1st class fuck wit.


