Thread Title: Zoe - Dickson - 0490 282 709
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th October 2016, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: 
 Zoe - Dickson - 0490 282 709
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoe

Establishment : Private hotel room

Date of Visit : October 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490 282 709, advertises on backpage and cracker, Zoe Rotheraine

Rates : Starts at $150 half

Age : Late 20's to early 30's

Size/shape : 8, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : RnT+

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Details:

Having gotten over yellow fever, I decided to go for a vanilla slice. Looked on cracker and saw Zoe's ad. Texted her for her availability and made a booking.

She's a FIFO from Sydney so her locations would vary. Arrived at the location and was met my a petite brunette which matched the description provided, unlike so may Asian ads we keep seeing and being disappointed with. Greeted with a hug and a peck on the cheek, and her clad in red lingerie with black frills. 

Type of service arranged and into the shower for a quick clean. Once that's done she availed me of the towel and gestured me to the massage table. On my stomach and butterfly kisses all over my body and deft light touches which got the blood flowing. Sensual at first, then some gentle kneading to remove a knot I had in my shoulder. Not being drowned in oil helped a lot, just a small amount and a body slide along my back with her natural cups. Laser shaved mound which is soft to the touch, making me wish I could DATY.

Onto the flip and much the same sensuality, with plenty of attention paid to mini me. A small flick of her tongue on my member made up my mind to pay an extra pineapple for her CBJ. Action was tongue, humming, DT, shaft stroking and ball play. Whilst I'm being serviced my hands wander and end up cupping her breasts and gently playing with her nipples, which are responsive to the touch. A mirror is behind me at the head of the table and she glazes into it, a cheeky look on her face with me in her mouth.

About 10 mins of CBJ and I indicate that I'm close; her action quickens and I blow in the bag whilst still in her mouth. Slowly withdrawing she flicks and licks my deposit left in the tip of the bag. I remove said device and a little bit of chit chat commences. Into the shower where she removes all traces of evidence that I was there, including some incriminating ruby red lipstick marks all over my body, and my member.

Therapeutic massage is not on the cards, for a sensual massage with a petite pocket rocket (somewhat like the Chilli experience) who will get your rocks off, you're in the right place.

WIR, yes I would - I wonder what else is on offer but knowing she's a professional (like Chilli) I don't think there' much else except what's on the menu.

Look on her website to she where she's at.

Snap out.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th October 2016, 05:46 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for posting Snapper79. For title formatting purposes, where in the ACT did you see Zoe?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2016, 09:10 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Canberra will suffice- forgot to add Mods


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th October 2016, 11:35 PM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Really would prefer a bit more precision, are we talking civic? Kingston?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th October 2016, 07:31 AM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This time around it was Dickson, but she's known to move. She's not a FS provider so please move the review back to where it was originally posted, thanks.


