Thread Title: Temples of Pleasure - 83 Randolph St, Rocklea - 07 3875 2088
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th April 2011, 07:26 AM
Poster ID: steadyeddie2011
Post Title: 
 Temples of Pleasure - 83 Randolph St, Rocklea - 07 3875 2088
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Candy

Establishment : Temple of Pleasures, Brisbane

Date of Visit: 25 March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  83 Randolph Street, Rocklea Qld 4106 Ph: 3875 2088 


Hours of Business: 

Rates: $110 for half hour

Age: 20ish

Size/shape: petite but with reasonable breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Vietnamese

Services Provided: body slide, oral, full sex

Value for money/recommend?:  Very good value for money - I would go back again.

My experience/comments: Candy was pretty (but not beautiful) with a great body.  Most importantly she was very friendly and keen to please.  She seemed to enjoy her work.  The body slide and oral were good.  So was the DATY with a little dirty talk thrown in.  I would definitely see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th February 2012, 01:46 AM
Poster ID: matey2
Post Title: 
 Cookie at TOP
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Cookie 
Establishment :   TOP 83

Date of Visit :   26/2/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   83 Randolph Street Rocklea Qld 4106

Hours of Business :    23?

Rates :   $120/$130 30 min

Age :   ~22

Size/shape :   Average

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Korean

Services Provided :   CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? :   No

Visited Cookie the other day at TOP. She wasn't special in the intro, but better than the rest I felt. Off to the room and I shower while she disappears for a while. She returns and strips off to reveal a nice little figure, but a bit droopy in the ass and slightly enhanced boobs. Onto the bed and she does the usual Asian nipple sucking BS. Then its on with a dom for a ...'tooth-job'! No kidding, she was ripping her teeth up and down the condom and it was getting really painful. I had to ask her to stop twice. Then it was into missionary. I tried to kiss her neck, but my lips brushed her face as I lowered myself. She immediately stopped and madly started wiping her cheek (no spit), going "Oh no, you kissed my face!! ...MY FACE!!". I thought WTF? We moved to doggy and I tried to give her clit a gentle stroke, but she quickly ripped my hand away. So, I just carried on to get it over with. Finally she made a bit of small talk and I was gone. She wasn't terrible, but I've certainly had better.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th February 2012, 05:50 PM
Poster ID: andrewfenton
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That does sounds terrible, actually. I go out of my way to be courteous and pleasant with working girls, not to treat them like a wank tube, y'know. So it really pisses me off when they treat us like just another filthy bag of horny meat.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th February 2012, 05:58 PM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
haha, good point, I always treat them really nicely and friendly too, even though privately I think they are just whores........ but the odd girl has been so unfriendly, it just pisses me of... we are the customers!!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th January 2013, 11:46 PM
Poster ID: Garth666
Post Title: 
 Carmel @TOPS
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carmen

Establishment : TOPS Archerfield

Date of Visit : 5 times through out 2012, last visit December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3875 2088

Hours of Business : 9 till late

Rates : $220 p/h

Age : early 30's

Size/shape : Small, maybe b cup. Slim/athletic, black wavy hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : BBBJ, Anal, ask and you shall pretty much receive 

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes!

My experience/comments :

Very time I have seen Carmen I have left wanting more. She knows how to please and knows how to be pleased. 

She jumps straight on to 69 where she'll stay until she is dripping and then take it every way possible. 

In between runs she will give you a rub down that bring you back ready to go again. 

Never been fucked, blown and pulled so hard. Worth every penny


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd December 2013, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: Devil Dan
Post Title: 
 Temple of Pleasures - 83 Randolph St, Rocklea - 07 3875 2088
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maya

 Establishment : Temple of Pleasures

 Date of Visit : 5th November 2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 83 Randolph Street, Rocklea, Queensland. 07 3875 2088. Temple Of Pleasures - Brisbane Legal Brothel, Asian & Aussie Ladies 

 Hours of Business : 10am till late

 Rates : $130 for half hour

 Age : 24

 Size/shape : C cup, slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

 Services Provided : GFE

 Value for money/recommend? : 10/10, very good value

 My experience/comments :

As a regular to TOP, I know most of the regular girls there and have "experienced" them all, some more than several times, but I am always looking for the hot new girl. As always the wonderful Michelle (receptionist) greeted me and showed me to the waiting room and the girls proceeded to come through and introduce themselves and on this day Maya was a standout when she entered the room. Maya was reasonably tall for a thai girl, very slender and had an excellent arse and with that traditional long dark hair, but with her it was quite wavy, not like most thai girls. She was very conversational and like most thai girls at TOP seemed to have a nice personality, so I chose her for my standard half hour session. She greeted me upon re-entering the waiting room with a lovely smile and said lets have some fun. I knew straight away this was going to be good and started to bone up straight away. Upon entering the room she noticed I was already "ready to go" Well it was quite obvious as I am quite a large boy. She instantly reached down and gave me a good stroking through my trousers and gave that smile of satisfaction and uttered those words I always love hearing, "wow, that's a big cock" She helped me undress and freed the monster and instantly started massaging my big cock. I was very hard already and she suggested that I have a shower to start whilst she got ready. I jumped in the shower and lathered up and gave myself a good jerking whilst watching her undress. A quick towel down ably assisted by Maya and things were ready to rock and roll. She had sensational breasts, not overly large, but quite beautiful and fantastic nipples which I eagerly went to work on whilst she reached down and tugged away on the monster. It was obvious she wanted to get in to the action straight away and quickly rolled a condom on to the big fella and went to work with her mouth. She was sensational and had a unique technique with her fingers on my balls as she sucked. After just a few minutes she pushed me back on the bed and demanded to fuck me. I laid back and let her slide herself on. It was a tight fit and was a fantastic feeling as she lowered herself down. She worked it all the way in and then started slowly raising herself back up to the full length and slowly down again. As she got comfortable she increased the pace until she was really going to town and started sliding her pussy down on my stiff cock. I grabbed her hips and started easing her back on my cock as she came down with each stroke to really rub her clit and she started moaning real loud and tossing her head back as she neared an orgasm. I continued working her over until she came and slowly eased her down. It was then that the real girlfriend experience set in as she started passionately kissing me. I lifter her head up and started sucking on those fantastic nipples again and she was getting more and more aroused. I then started rocking her hips again and repeated the process of bringing her down on my cock and thrusting her back so her clit was tended to by my cock. Again she started nearing orgasm and pretty soon she was losing control again and came a second time. Again she came in for the passionate kissing and started thanking me for making her come. She wanted me to fuck her some more and laid herself down for some missionary position. I entered her real slowly, teasing her immensely until I was almost all the way in and rocked myself forward to ease my cock on to her enlarged clit and started working her over again. This time I was really entering her quite deeply with long powerful strokes. I was extremely hard and whilst on the edge of coming myself I was determined to maximise the time and make her come again. I worked away for a good 10 minutes and she was absolutely going off, with sweat pouring off her and now matted hair and her eyes at times almost rolling backwards with every thrust I drove into her. She came again, this time really powerfully as her pussy really contracted around my cock and I started coming with her. It was a sensational experience as we both climaxed together and she wrapped her legs around my back as I pushed deeply inside her and emptied my ball sack completely. She was exhausted and again proceeded to passionately kiss me. We collapsed on to the bed together and she cuddled me tightly as she tried to recover her breath. We had a little bit of time for some small talk before we hopped in the shower together and enjoyed a quite soothing mutual shower in which she was quite enjoying stroking my still blood engorged cock. She commented on how fantastic the sex was and how much she loved my cock and suggested I come and see her again soon. I would really recommend Maya and I have since partaken a few more times myself.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th December 2013, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: Devil Dan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi , as a regular at tops , how do you rate the other Thai girls there ? Thanks
			
		

TOP or Yimi476 is possibly my favourite venue for Thai girls. Thai is usually for me the most preferred nationality because they seem to have better personalities than the Koreans, etc. There is a steady stream of thai girls go through TOP, not too many are really regulars though and in recent times TOP has moved away from being a purely Asian brothel to having more aussie and kiwi girls, so the really good value and regular thai girls have been a bit light on lately. One I can recommend is Natalie, who is 29 and really quite a pleasant girl with a beautiful smile. She is really a lot of fun.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th May 2014, 08:41 AM
Poster ID: Devil Dan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Temples of Pleasure has now been renamed Happy Place 8. I think the name change had something to do with using the word Temple was disrespectful to Buddha? Kind of ironic as this place is becoming less and less Asian girl themed anyway.


