Thread Title: Daily Planet - 9 Horne St, Elsterniwck - 03 9528 1766
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st January 2011, 11:51 PM
Poster ID: wanted23
Post Title: 
 Daily Planet - 9 Horne St, Elsterniwck - 03 9528 1766
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Brooke

Establishment (if applicable): Daily Planet

Contact Details/Address: Horne St, Elsternwick

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $300

Age: 24

Size/shape: 8

Nationality or Ethnicity:
 Kiwi
Services: Full sex. Plays with toys. And lets you play with them too.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes indeed.

My experience/comments: A great attitude. Loves her work, and works hard. She's a sexy woman. She is great fun and up for anything. Really enthusiastic, and has a cute body and sexy face. Short-medium length brown hair, green eyes.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2011, 12:02 AM
Poster ID: wanted23
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Brooke


Establishment (if applicable)aily Planet

Contact Details/Address:Horne St, Elsternwick

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $300 - hour

Age: 24

Size/shape: 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Kiwi

Services:Full sex.  Oral. Plays with toys. And lets you play with them too.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes indeed.

My experience/comments: A great attitude. Loves her work, and works hard. She's a sexy woman. She is great fun and up for anything. Really enthusiastic, and has a cute body and sexy face. Short-medium length brown hair, green eyes.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd April 2011, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: just_fw
Post Title: 
 First review of Brooke DP
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Brooke

Establishment : Daily Planet

Date of Visit: 20 April 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: 

Rates: 250

Age: 31

Size/shape: 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: New Zealand

Services Provided: Oral, Sex, Anal with extra $50

Value for money/recommend?: Recomeded

My experience/comments: This is my first time at DP where previously spent most at Asian brothel. I came at around 4pm and only 2 girls are available, Brooke stand out and pick her for an hour. After dealing with receptionist she took me to the room and start with quick shower after that she asked me whether wanted for more sensual exp for extra 50 which I decline bu request for anal and she agree.

The fun part start with she sit on top on me for 5 minutes follow by anal and we finish at tit fuck.

For those who after kinky exp I recommended this girl but good service come with a good price.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th May 2011, 07:15 AM
Poster ID: jin88
Post Title: 
 Daily Planet - Hannah (May 2011)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Hannah

Establishment : Daily Planet

Date of Visit: May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: dailyplanet.com.au

Hours of Business: 10-6am

Rates: 180 1/2 an hr

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: slim body but big personlity 

Nationality or Ethnicity: anglo indian

Services Provided: whatever you desire

Value for money/recommend?: if you always wondered what it'd be like, go for it!

My experience/comments: So after making abit of $$ from crown, i had the urge for a punt, Im of asian decent so obviously im into asian girls, but lately i've had abit of a thing for other races. It was quite early in the morning and most places were about to close so i headed down to the Daily Planet.

I've never been here before, but the first thing i notice was that its BRIGHT! Went in, paid the fee for half an hour .. went into the 'lounge' there were two women one was anglo indian and the other was an asian lady. The anglo indian was very nice to me, very welcoming while the asian lady was more reserved. 

Honestly, i just had to get in.. get the urge over and done with. I chose the indian girl which later i found out was named hannah. she was very talkative and very outgoing.. made me feel at ease because i always felt intimidated going to western owned brothels. 

so after the initial STD check and the shower .. we got straight to business i was upfront and honest and said.. i just want a quickie just to get the urge out. she was like no problems! .. so there was a CBJ and abit of her tits playing with my manhood it was straight to business.. first thing i noticed was she was TIGHT! i couldnt believe it! that got me turned on.. she was on top.. then abit of doggy then i came. she cleaned me up.. showered again.. kissed her good morning and of i went.

She had DD's and not bad look either, she was very into .. i'd recommend her if you wanted to try a different race.

Thanks for listening guys,

Jin


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th May 2011, 10:27 PM
Poster ID: ruvashangabe
Post Title: 
 NEWBY - ANYGOOD MASSAGE/Bordellos in South East Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Hi All, This is my first time here.  I looking for some good places in south east melbourne.  The only real good one I know of is the Daily Planet.


Person's Name:  Porche

Establishment :  Daily Planet

Date of Visit:  6/05/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Horne st Elsternwick

Hours of Business:   early till very late

Rates:  $250 an hour

Age:  28

Size/shape:  slim, very busty, nice ass

Nationality or Ethnicity:  South American

Services Provided:  Full service/massage/gfe

Value for money/recommend?:  Yes

Went in the room with her and we were just chatting.  She was very friendly.  She started with a cbj - which was very good as she deepthroated me.  Then a bit of foreplay.  Really nice followed by sex which was great.  This chick gets into it fully.

Would reccomend to all - just check her availability on the daily planet site


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th October 2011, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: gomer53
Post Title: 
 Portia (Daily Planet, Elsternwick)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Portia

Establishment : Daily Planet

Date of Visit : 23 October

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $210 (45 minutes)

Age : Unknown

Size/shape : tall, toned, blonde

Nationality or Ethnicity : European 

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

I don't tend to frequent the larger brothels like Daily Planet because I've found the services provided there are often more "mechanical" than you can get at some of the smaller establishments.  That said, I was in the area and feeling horny, so Horne street beckoned.  

I met Portia in the lounge and absolutely had to see her.  She is a tall, leggy blonde with a cracking body and a gorgeous accent.  I booked for 45 minutes because I wanted to get some time in the spa.  Felt like a rockstar lounging in the spa with a smashing blonde.  Her service was ok: cbj, multiple positions.  I probably won't be going back to the DP any time soon, but if I do I'd see Portia again.

I should add that whilst Portia didn't offer the extras you might find at other places, she was an enthusiastic and willing participant (or at least managed to give me that impression!).  For 45 minutes I managed to get lost in the fantasy of having sex with a stunning blonde, and there were plenty of mirrors to confirm exactly what was going on.  Portia's blowjob technique involves plenty of eye contact and moaning (although i prefer bbbj, which wasn't on offer); her pussy is nice and tight, and the vision of her bum up in the air doggy - winning!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st May 2013, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: Jackdad
Post Title: 
 Valerie at Daily Planet in Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
About year ago I was in Melbourne and saw a girl called Valerie at the Daily Planet. She was French and by far the best sex I have ever had.Any hints as to where she might be now?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 5th June 2013, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: a3dollabil
Post Title: 
 Zoe - The Daily Planet
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Zoe
[/COLOR]
Establishment : The Daily Planet

Date of Visit : 04/06/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 7-12 Home Street, Elsternwick

Hours of Business : 10am til late

Rates: $260p/h + Extras

Age: 24
Size/shape : D Cup (Enhanced)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian / Australian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Well worth it

My experience/comments : 

[COLOR=#333333]Twas late on a Tuesday night and I was feeling like a little skin. I had come across a write-up of Zoe previously and she sounded like my kind of punt. I arrived at The Daily Planet and pushed my way through their heavy double doors. I had called previously to book Zoe, fearing that she wouldn't be available if I simply showed up, and confirmed my booking with the receptionist. I hadn't met her before and was informed that the girls still has discretion over their clients so I had to do a sit down with Zoe before we could get down for some fun. So in I went.

Only a few feet inside I was met but two beautiful brown eyes and a quick but cheeky smile, "Hi, I'm Zoe. And you are?" I introduced myself and we sat elbow to elbow and begun chatting. I have a pretty unique job and it caught her attention and the conversation melted the time away. I was more than interested in leaving the lounge area so I proposed we do so. Zoe was more than willing.

She left me momentarily to shower and when she came back in I was laying underneath a towel on the bed. "Get rid of that." She told me as soon as her head poked back in the door. I playfully remarked that I wanted to leave it on and thus the banter continued for the rest of our session.

And here, gentleman, I shall leave you only a few details. The "Deluxe" package, which is $50 extra and was recommended by Zoe, is worth the price but honestly should come standard because Zoe is meant to be kissed. She must be taken from behind because she has a beautiful blend of booty and a taste waist. And if you are a fan of oral, perhaps only her book for a lesson in deep-throating.

Happy punting.[/COLOR]


Floor: #9
Post Time: 23rd June 2014, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: cheeky320
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
MOLLY BUSTY JCUP
Has anyone had the pleasure of meeting Molly here, apparently very good and naturally busty from the UK. Like to see a review on her.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 23rd June 2014, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Why is there a premium$$ based on $260/hr i would think above and beyond 
Sent from my Arse


Floor: #11
Post Time: 24th June 2014, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: teltel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by cheeky320


MOLLY BUSTY JCUP
Has anyone had the pleasure of meeting Molly here, apparently very good and naturally busty from the UK. Like to see a review on her
"""



Why not TOFTF and report back


Floor: #12
Post Time: 11th December 2016, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: dirtyman4
Post Title: 
 Daily Planet - the real truth
				
Post Content: 
I just popped into the Daily Planet and spoke to the manager about all the rumours.

This is what she said:

"WE ARE OPEN AND HERE TO STAY"

They have a new phone number which is: 
9078 8242.

Also if you say "Hoe Hoe Hoe" at reception you get $20 off your booking anytime.




Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #13
Post Time: 12th December 2016, 08:04 AM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What was the talent like and did you book anyone?


