Thread Title: Georgie's Place - 977 Glenhuntly Rd, Caulfield - 03 9563 6221
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th January 2011, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: McRubNTug
Post Title: 
 Georgie's Place - 977 Glenhuntly Rd, Caulfield - 03 9563 6221
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Martine

Establishment (if applicable):Georgie's Place

Contact Details/Address: 03  9563 6221

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $245 / hour

Age: mature

Size/shape: 10?

Nationality or Ethnicity:Australian

Services:

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: 

I have seen Martine many times and she is a wonderful GFE experience.

She is attractive about 5' 8" with D cup boobs.  She loves kissing and has a very generous and caring approach to her clients (or me at least).  She enjoys giving and receiving and will either take the lead or follow depending on my mood of the day.

She is available most week days

Mc RnT


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2011, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: skirtsniffer
Post Title: 
 Angie at Georgies place, caulfield south
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Angie

Establishment (if applicable): Georgies place

Contact Details/Address: 03 95636221/ 977 glenhuntly rd caulfield sth.

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)10am to 10pm mon to sat

Prices:230ph

Age:20s

Size/shape:slim

Nationality or Ethnicity:Aussie 

Services:full service bbbj (ymmv) daty dato etc

Value for money/recommend?: yes, yes

My experience/comments: spent some time with Angie recently. She does sick I mean cock. Bbbj but I'd say ymmv. She comes across at times as a bit quirky , but you can't knock her service at all. She is not a timewaster and in the room will let you stick your finger pretty much anywhere.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th February 2011, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: skirtsniffer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well obviously I meant suck a mean cock. Stupid iPhone. Me English speek good.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th February 2011, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: wizzo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by skirtsniffer


Services:full service bbbj (ymmv) daty dato et
"""



Thanks for the review skirtsniffer.
Had no problem with the sick/suck typo but you got me with "dato" in the Services Section.
Please elaborate for the novices OR is it indeed another typo???


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th February 2011, 10:23 AM
Poster ID: skirtsniffer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When I was in the USA recently trolling through the escort ads I saw DATO which I found to mean giving a rimjob. Just thought I'd use the terminology here.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th February 2011, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have consulted our own Acronym thread and found the reference.

DATO = dining at the o = analingus

See: http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/showth...?3109-Acronyms

Cheers

Chalk


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th February 2011, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: wizzo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I really should have checked the acronym threads before posing the question, but thanks for your responses, guys.
However, I wish there were two different acronyms to help distinguish between whether it's the guy or the wl who's doing the dining.
Maybe there already is, and that it's accepted that DATO is when the guy's doing the dining and AR (anal rimming) when the wl is on the job???

It would also be good if all acronyms in the list are highlighted in green, with the meaning displayed when pointed at, as some do. Perhaps best to put this in the Acronym Thread.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th May 2012, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: tifino
Post Title: 
 Georgies Place - 977 Glenhuntly Rd Caulfield South - May2012 - Mariya
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR="#4B0082"]Often called into this place on the way to/ or from Club 859. And up until this day have always walked away.

Go in there and all you see is typical aussie white trash, but finally encountered a pretty little thai lady.
Mariya is a 40 something fake D buxom, slim milf, with a lot of tattoos and a very inviting smile.

So we head up to her tiny little room for some fun. 
Mariya's service is straight forward with a very healthy appetite for CBJ. I was rather hoping for some daty - being that I always reckon a Thai tastes best, however marya isn't a daty girl.
 She kisses laarng time, with an unending series of light pecks all over your face. But she won't DFK, not that I minded as I hadnt cleaned my teeth that arvo yet anyway.
For the real action, we went straight for the Reverse Cowgirl, which several time changed to Cowboy, with quite a bit of slow grinding thrown in for good measure. As I said earlier - mariya is straight forward, but she's good for a bit of doggie, which she pile drives back onto you for as long as you can take it. Finished off back in RevCGirl as I wanted more of perving and playing with those massive titties[/COLOR]
Her Do's & Don'ts are pretty well non-negotiable (ie Not a YMMV lady), so listen well in the Intro.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 18th July 2013, 05:05 PM
Poster ID: duck.dodgers
Post Title: 
 Georgie's Place - Lacey (slim, stacked, and very sexy)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lacey
Establishment : Georgie's Place
Date of Visit : 15/07/2013
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 977 Glenhuntly Road, Caulfield South, Melbourne, ph(03) 9563 6221
Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm
Rates : $250 an hour, $150 for half
Age : 28
Size/shape : DD cup (natural), slim
Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie, black short hair, (seems to like lingerie)
Services Provided : BJ, FS, Kissing, Fun
Value for money/recommend? : Yes (every-time)

My experience/comments :
Georgie's Place is a friendly little place in Caulfield.  The rooms are traditional brothel setup (thou a little old school).  The management has changed in the last year, and the atmosphere is much happier.  Maggie (the receptionist) has made a real difference.

Normally 2-4 girls on.  But I have seen Lacey before, and I knew what I wanted.  She is slim, petite, with large natural breasts.  She looks younger than she is.  When I first saw her, I believe she could be too young (18-20), but she looked so sexy, I said 'What the Hell', and when for it.

Near the end of the first session, I discovered she is in her late 20's, and could hold a conversation.  That made me feel much better, as at 18-21, I don't think anyone knows what they are doing.  Lacey seems to have a good idea.

Not into broadcasting the details, but (I assume you need to click) the experience is a real GirlFriend experience.  It does not feel impersonal, and she certainly seems to enjoys the time as much as you do.

The Duck


Floor: #10
Post Time: 12th November 2014, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: Deltoid
Post Title: 
 Georgie's Place - Martine
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Martine


Establishment : Georgie's Place


Date of Visit : Mid October 2014


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 977 Glen Huntly Rd, Caulfield VIC 3162; http://georgiesplacemelbourne.com.au ; 95636221


Hours of Business : 1000 hrs to 2200 hrs (Mon - Sat)


Rates : 60mins / $245

Age : About 40 


Size/shape : Size 10, nice arse and DDs (enhanced)


Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / Caucasian


Services Provided : CBJ, DFK, FS, DATY


Value for money/recommend? : She's a regular of mine, great gal indeed. Would highly recommend.


My experience / comments :
- Martine is one of my all time favourites, I see her a few times a year
- she caring, kind and provides the best GFE out there (in my humble opinion at least)
- I think she honestly cares about her clients and at least for me she takes time trying to know about my life outside of punting
- her DFK is awesome
- I guess I have had better CBJs elsewhere but I absolutely love the way she sucks on my balls too
- she apparently does anal as an extra but I've never indulged in this
- her tits, while enhanced, are magnificent
- oh and she's very responsive to DATY!! 
- on this occasion, she initially jumped on for some cowgirl (not her strong suit) before we progressed to to missionary and doggy where I blew and collapsed beside her in a heap of sweat in her arms
- we talked for awhile before the bloody buzzer went; if only I was a millionaire, I would have stayed

Martine, in my opinion, is a great GFE provider who I never will tire seeing.

Deltoid


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th July 2018, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: FreeWilly
Post Title: 
 Celeste @ Georgie's Place, 03 9563 6221
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Celeste

Establishment : Georgie's Place

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 977 Glenhuntly Road, Caulfield South

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $230/hr

Age : early-to-mid 40's

Size/shape : Curvy, size 12-14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE, DFK, CBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : VFM

My experience/comments : 

I've been going to Georgie's Place for quite a while now only because it's my "local" and it's practically 10 minutes down the road.  I used to be very paranoid about the entrance on the street literally facing the tram stop, but I've long since gotten over it.

I ducked into GP on my way home a couple of weeks ago, and was told there was only one girl available.  So, I intro'd with Celeste who seemed really friendly, almost like a soccer mum you'd chat to at your kid's footy game.  I decided to stay.

Into the room, shower, and as I was stepping out of the shower Celeste walks in.  Bit of chat, then down to business.  This lady can suck, so much so I joked whether her last name was Hoover or Dyson.

She also enjoys a nice long DFK session, which I really enjoyed, before I moved down for some DATY.  The sex in missionary was enthusiastic, although Celeste is very self-conscious and tends not to take her camisole top off, which is silly seeing as I definitely have more around my middle than her.  Either Celeste really enjoys the sex in the room or she's a good actress because she had no trouble making me blow twice, because I usually have trouble getting going again after the first load.

Definitely one for those looking for a no-frills, sensual session with a girl who makes you feel comfortable and at ease.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 6th August 2018, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: FreeWilly
Post Title: 
 Martine @ Georgie's Place, 03 9563 6221
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Martine

Establishment : Georgie's Place

Date of Visit : August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 977 Glenhuntly Road, Caulfield South

Phone : (03) 9563 6221

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $230/hr

Age : 40's

Size/shape : 5'7" est, Size 10, 36DD ... MILF

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian caucasian

Services Provided : GFE, DFK, DATY, BBBJ, Anal, etc.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

As this is my "local", I tend to stop here more often than not.  I might as well have an auto-payment from account to theirs so that every paycheck has an auto-deduction.  Explaining that on my statement might be a bit awkward though.  Seeing as I have to undergo some medical procedures that will prevent me from punting for about 6 - 8 weeks after it, I decided to drop in today on my way home.  (No, nothing wrong with my todger, it's cardiovascular).

As luck would have it, Martine was available when I dropped by this afternoon, so I was overjoyed (and I'll ride my luck and buy an Oz Lotto ticket tomorrow).  Anyway, paid the fees and went up to the room.  Showered, and as I was drying off, in came Martine.  Martine has been a regular of mine for years, so the normal small talk would be about how's my family, how's hers, etc., etc.  Martine doesn't miss a beat, undressing as we chat and before long, we're both starkers.

Onto the bed for some serious DFK.  Martine loves kissing, and we spend what always seems like an eternity in DFK mode.  However, her timing is always immaculate because right about the moment when you feel ready for something else, she's already made her way down to your little friend and making him a bigger friend.  Much as Martine loves kissing, she also loves sucking cock, and she always makes me hard as a rock through a combination of her sucking on the head, shaft and balls.  I often fear I would lose a load right there, so I always interrupt her to get her to come and lay down.  I them proceed to resume DFK before venturing south myself for some DATY.  The thing I love about Martine's pussy is that it doesn't have the strong smell that some other WL's sometimes have.  And it always tastes great.  And even though I don't always get her to climax, it's always very rewarding when she does.  She tends to get a bit sensitive after that, so for a break, guess what ... more DFK!

The thing with Martine is that even when we're in heavy DFK mode, my boner stays rock hard, so after a while, it's time for the main event and we start off with missionary.  After a few minutes of this, I ask her to get into doggy, which she happily does because she likes that position.  Every now and then, I can't resist her butthole winking at me and tease it with a thumb or finger, occasionally inserting said thumb or finger.  Today, I was so horny, I asked her if anal was ok and she said it was an extra, so I agreed.  Not sure what she quotes others for it, so I won't put a price here, just in case she charges different punters different prices for that, but it was an acceptable price for me and not $200 or more like some girls charge.  It's been almost a year since I did anal with Martine, and it felt really good.  Slowly at first and as we gradually picked up the rhythm, I felt Martine really getting into it.

The trouble with old farts like me is that we tire quickly, and I was beginning to tire in doggy, so I pulled out and asked Martine to lie back down, and we got into missionary vaginal sex again, and once we picked up the pace a little coupled with some very passionate DFK, I soon felt the point of no return approach and I climaxed.  Martine has a habit of thanking you when you climax and it was no different again, which is really odd as I should be thanking her profusely.  It can be comical sometimes as she's thanking you while throwing the condom and tissues into the cleanup bag.  Anyway, another splendid hour spent with someone I feel really comfortable with.  The buzzer sounded almost on cue, and we take turns in the shower (that shower cubicle in the room is so tiny, fat bastards like me have to graduate from gymnast school to be able to move around in it properly).  Anyway, 5 minutes later and I'm in my car driving down the road, not in the least bit upset about having to stop every few hundred metres because I timed it wrong and got caught behind the tram on Glenhuntly Road.

Once I'm medically cleared for physical exertion again, I might drop in here again, but I will only review if I see a different girl.  No point reviewing the ones I have already as it will be the same info.


