Thread Title: Moon Club - 26 Rhur St, Dandenong - 03 9793 5289
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th February 2010, 06:27 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Moon Club - 26 Rhur St, Dandenong - 03 9793 5289
				
Post Content: 
Moonclub is located at 26 Ruhr st Dandenong and is prominently a HK or PRC shop however you do get the occasional Thai or Singaporean gem in there and it's one of these that I would like to review for you all today.

Her name is Michelle and she is something of an icon I am lead to believe and worth every cent of the $120/30min.
She claims Singapore as home she claims 27  as her age but I am questioning both however at the end of the day it don't matter.
The first thing you will notice is that she will join you in the shower and do a comprehensive visual inspection of the tackle then having passed she will wash both tackle and your ring with some gusto but gentle enough for it to be erotic.
Onto the bed, and bed it is, should be fortunate enough to get the big room the a very big mirror on the side will help you if you are like me with a big gut get a great view of her exquisite skills in action.

Firstly a massage that would rate only a 5-6 in a legit massage place however with the cat licking and tackle tickle it gets up around the 8 for mine.
"Roll over darling" not the words I always want to hear but me I just do what I am told.
"Where's her head going?" I wonder
"Holly shit. her tongue is up my arse" I nearly said this out loud. My first real rimming at the tender age of 51. I LIKE IT !!!!!!!!
"Roll over darling" Oh yeah

Now I have been punting for a while and have been a good boy but I am so fucking tired of doms but at the same time I don't want to bring anything horrendous home so what to do and when she put the old boy in her mouth and treated it like a long lost friend I was sold on BBBJ's
What can I say except awesome.
I didn't want any "sexual relations" as Bill Clinton would say and was happy happy happy just lying there being gobbled like a prize goose.

There was no doubt when I started to cum and like the good girl she is she just kept on keeping like the EverReady bunny and CIM was demanded and delivered. Only let down was she jumped straight up to spite but you can't have everything.

Michelle is regular here and IMHO worth seeing more than once. I have seen her maybe 5-6 time and she delivers each and every time.

The venue is a little out of the way but if you are driving and have the time it's only 30 from the CBD.
Rooms are clean and each has at least a shower and some have a toilet as well. It won't win any prizes in a home beautiful competition but the quality of girls there will generally rate it high in other areas.

Venue  7/10
Convenience  6/10
Stock 8/10
Michelle 9/10 (cause she spat)
Other service - It would be unfair for me to rate
Attitude 8/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th May 2010, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: rambo
Post Title: 
 Moon Club, Dandenong
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:  Moon Club.   Girl to see is Michelle from Singapore

Contact Details/Address:  26 Rhur St. Dandenong

Prices: from $90-$220.    Michelle is $125 for half-hour, and worth every dollar.

Age:  Mid 20's

Size/shape:  Petite, pretty face, sexy bod.

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Asian

Services:  RIM, CIM, BBBJ, FS etc

Value for money/recommend ?  Definite value and highly recommended.  I see her regularly every month for the last 18 months.

My experience: 
same experience each and everytime.  full soap down and frisky biz in shower before drying off and time for the good action.  lots of kissing, sucking and mutual french.  many positions and overall a really GREAT experience.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th April 2011, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: dalich
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Catherine

Establishment : Moonlight babes (also known as moon club)

Date of Visit: April 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: noon to 3am

Rates: $110 for 30 mins FS

Age: 26

Size/shape: slim, A or B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: HK

Services Provided: FS, massage, BBBJ, DATY, GFE, deep french and CIM, that's right brothers, your eyes are not deceiving you, she will do CIM and take every drop of it!!!

Value for money/recommend?: yes, yes, yes, excellent service

My experience/comments: I walked in, only 1 girl available.  Catherine, but seeing that she had 5 very positive posts and Punter Planet, thought I give it a shot.  She is not the greatest looker, nor does she have the greatest body (probably why she was the only one not booked!!!), but she puts in a hell of an effort to make every minute enjoyable for you.  Paid $120 for upgrade to 'extra service' which includes DATY, BBBJ, mutual french (which I didn't request) and CIM.  Took a shower, when I was out, so was she.  I was happy as a lot of WL's make you wait 5 mins or more just to waste the $3.50 per min or so which you are paying!  Layed down on the bed as commanded.  Of course, the house specialty, the full body cat lick with plenty of very fast tongue flicking.  And she was in no hurry.  Most of the student WL's or younger ones give crappy 1-2 min CBJ's, not this lady!  She goes slow and goes long.  However, disaster strikes and half way through my 30 mins, the old boy seems to have given up... I was thinking, WTF man, this is the best BJ, that is right, the best I have ever received and for the first time in my life, the old boy is playing up, in fact, reverted back to original size.  Being a young fella, I was deeply embarassed and ashamed...  She suggested a sexy massage to get it back up.  But I requested she BJ me until time was up, which she complied.  I also requested a 69 for DATY.  Harder and harder she sucked, until the old boy was back in action.  Also a first for me, there was no fake moaning.  She did not make any noise until 3-4 mins into the DATY, and her moans were subtle, which I found to be very down to earth rather than the fake crap we are used to hearing.  Her tripped snatch was great and she greatly enjoyed the clit link.  Faster and faster she went until I shouted I'm coming and BANG, she sucked every drop out of the satisfied old boy.  Off to the shower I went and taking into account her great service, she joined me to give a very satisfying full body soap scrub into every nook and cranny.  I have always been a fan of the 'scortching hot bodies and model looks' but have changed my mind to 'fantastic service and willing to go the extra mile' after this visit.  The best lineup I saw was at Red Light Relaxation where there were many fantastic lookers 8/10 or higher, big breasted, very slim, model like bodies but they provide very robotic service.  I will continue my punting at Moonlight babes and keep you all updated on the action!  Happy punting brothers!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th July 2012, 10:13 PM
Poster ID: mrkamasutra
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Service Provider's Name: Michelle
Session Month: March
Session Year: 2012
Type of Service: Parlour Worker
Name of Agency or Parlour (if any): Moon CLub
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $225
Location where session took place: Victoria
Session Day: Weekend
Session Time: Evening
Estimated Age: 31 - 35
Hair Colour: Black
Hair Length: Medium
Eyes Colour: Brown
Skin Colour: Pale
Height: Average - Around 165 cm / 5'5"
Body Shape: Athletic
Kissing Available: Yes, Light Kissing
Blowjob: Yes, BBBJ and CIM (Cum In Mouth)
DATY / Oral On Her: Unsure
Overall Looks: Attractive
Overall Personality: Outgoing
Overall Performance: Great service 

I wanted to check out what the fuss about Michelle was.  I booked her for 45 mins and was able to see this rather attractive and efficient Singaporean lady walk in.  She disrobes to reveal a greta set of breats and a lovely pale complexion.  We shower together where I get an initial inspecton and welcome oral.  She then takes me on the bed and kisses my nipples and makes her way to my penis which she engulfs in her hot n wet mouth.  Slowly her tongue disappears and explores my date and provides a pleasing experience.  A rubber gets popped on and she hops on top for an enjoyable ride.  This is followed by missionary and I then ask her if I can CIM to which she agrees.  So off I hop, rip off the purple coat and send her my weekend load.  After a discreet spit, she gives me quite an amazing massage.  I would hire her for her massage alone - it was bone shattering and she is a strong lass.  Overall, a very efifcient parlour service which ticks all the boxes.  Just makes me realise that GFE ticks it more for me.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd July 2012, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: Bradley
Post Title: 
 Moon Club
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Moon Club/ MIMI

Contact Details/Address: 26 Rhur street Dandenong Sth

Prices: 125 for half hr FS

Age: low 20s

Size/shape: slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese.

Services: Full service

Value for money/recommend ? Yes in the end
My experience: (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers)

So i was feeling a bit toey the other night and needed to do some fresh punting to get my reviewe back up to bronze status (Any excuse really)
felt like a bit of asian cuisine, so headed down to the moon club where i had been once before. Sat in the waiting room and the guy introduced the girls like a fashion parade with running commentry, which i found quite amusing. Selected a hot looking Chinese girl who i think went by the name MIMI and was taken to the room for the shower. got the kit off and had a shower and laid face down on the bed for a massage when she returned. She started off with the usual crappy massage followed by the cat bath. she had the silkiest skin and the most perkiest little titties i have seen in a while. quick flip and more cat bath on the front. as she worked her way south, the little man down there got angry, followed by me getting angry as she told me that i was too big and she couldnt continue, however she would get another girl. OK.... Awkward! Shuffeled into a room across the hallway with my clothes bundled up and waited to see who was next to replace the preety young Chineese girl. Average older lady came in and what the hell i am here, naked with half a mongrel anyway. She insisted on me having another shower, so after the first one and the cat bath i was back in the shower where she joined me, cleaned me and then a solid BBBJ. Out of the shower onto the bed for some more BBBJ followed by some rimming and then multiple positions. This lady was a great fuck, very expirienced and not someone i would of picked off the shelf. All in all it was a memorable punt none the less. WIR?  hmmm probably in 12 or 18 months when all is forgotten and i feel like some more chinese


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th July 2012, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: teltel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Bradley


Establishment and/or person's Name: Moon Club/ MIMI

Contact Details/Address: 26 Rhur street Dandenong Sth

Prices: 125 for half hr FS

Age: low 20s

Size/shape: slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese.

Services: Full service

Value for money/recommend ? Yes in the end
My experience: (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers)

So i was feeling a bit toey the other night and needed to do some fresh punting to get my reviewe back up to bronze status (Any excuse really)
felt like a bit of asian cuisine, so headed down to the moon club where i had been once before. Sat in the waiting room and the guy introduced the girls like a fashion parade with running commentry, which i found quite amusing. Selected a hot looking Chinese girl who i think went by the name MIMI and was taken to the room for the shower. got the kit off and had a shower and laid face down on the bed for a massage when she returned. She started off with the usual crappy massage followed by the cat bath. she had the silkiest skin and the most perkiest little titties i have seen in a while. quick flip and more cat bath on the front. as she worked her way south, the little man down there got angry, followed by me getting angry as she told me that i was too big and she couldnt continue, however she would get another girl. OK.... Awkward! Shuffeled into a room across the hallway with my clothes bundled up and waited to see who was next to replace the preety young Chineese girl. Average older lady came in and what the hell i am here, naked with half a mongrel anyway. She insisted on me having another shower, so after the first one and the cat bath i was back in the shower where she joined me, cleaned me and then a solid BBBJ. Out of the shower onto the bed for some more BBBJ followed by some rimming and then multiple positions. This lady was a great fuck, very expirienced and not someone i would of picked off the shelf. All in all it was a memorable punt none the less. WIR?  hmmm probably in 12 or 18 months when all is forgotten and i feel like some more chines
"""



Sounds like you got the great Michelle, well worth going to see her when she is working, up for almost anything but the AR and BBBJ CIM are among the best you can get.
Teltel


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th July 2012, 03:58 PM
Poster ID: teltel
Post Title: 
 The great Michelle at moon club dandenong
				
Post Content: 
If you want a great experience then visit Michelle at moon club, Ruhr street, dandelions.

Michelle is a mature Chinese/se Asian with one of the best services in melbourne's south east.

She has a great repertoire starting with a shower with attention to all the important parts and a shower blowjob. Given what is to come the attention to detail in the shower routine becomes apparent. Afte the shower there Is a cat bath plenty of AR, the reason for the attention in the shower in including a quick clean just inside for her tongue.

Following the AR it's on to the BJ with 69 on offer, you get plenty of mouth wash during the shower routine and a CIM the attention does not stop until you want to and then there is he rush to the shower to spit out and rinse. Michelle will continue with the BJ senile or go to FJ or what ever else you want within her routine. I have heard she used to do anal but have not tried for that.

Michelle is a very fit lady with lots of energy and is willing to do most of the work which may suit us older customers.

Mochelle's services cost a little extra but well worth the money as they say - satisfaction guaranteed.

Michell works most days but best to ring and book as she is a very popular lady.

Teltel


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th July 2012, 05:12 PM
Poster ID: gotto.love
Post Title: 
 Michelle in moon club
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: moon club

Contact Details/Address: 26 Rhur street Dandenong Sth
Prices: $125 1/2 hr

Age: 30+

Size/shape:10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Singaporean Chinese

Services: full service. 

Value for money/recommend ? ok

My experience: 
i was lucky Michelle was free this time, she offer extra service bbbj, ar, anal fuck, paid a extra $ she serviced me like a king. she had a 35C+ body and may be bit old over 30+ but still look good and she can speaks chinese and good english. very nice lady and very professional fs


Floor: #9
Post Time: 8th October 2012, 07:46 PM
Poster ID: TheDirtyBeast
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : As above

Date of Visit : 6/10/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 130 1/2 hr

Age : Mid twenties

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Fs, bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Lazy saturday night and was a bit bored so decided to go for a drive and see for myself what all the rage about michelle was about.

Rocked up about 10:30 and michelle was in a bookng and there was another punter also wanting to see michelle. Thought about trying one of the other girls but was determined to see michelle as I'd read nothing but good things about her. So consigned myself to an hour long wait at least

As I was going out for a smoke, the papasan pulled me aside and said I should try Monica, she does bbbj as well, just gotta to tell her special service and she'll look after me according to him.

Went out for a smoke and had a think about it and thought what the hell, lets see whats she got.

Told papasa yeah I'll give her a try and he led me off to a room, which was big and spacious and looked clean, off to the side was a massage table I think, which had towels folded on top and a suspicious looking stain on it! Ask no questions get no lies was my motto for the next 30 min after seeing that.

Monica walks in and ask how long and i asked for special service to which she replied 130. Transaction completed, she told me to take a shower and went out of the room. Showers enough were clean and afterwards i did see her spray all the handles and shower with dettol so was somewhat comforting that they were being hygenic

Fiished the shower and was sitting on the bed waiting for her when she come in and immediately jumps in the shower, so I continued patiently waiting and thought you could have jumped in with me to save time! I'm lying there now waiting when she's done and comes over and starts the body slide and and cat bath.

For an asian bird, she had some amazing natural breast, I'd say bordering on a d and with just a slight hang, nipples were a nice size and she had a neatly trimmed landing strip on her.

As she's about to start the bj, I enquired about  69 and she agreed. Her pussy was clean and had no smell and she seemed to enjoy my toungue flicking her clit continuosly. Onto the main course and sex in the standard 3 postions and finished in doggy. She doesn't do CIM tho, as I had enquired about it when I was near the finish line but she said I could cob and that was all she was willing to offer

There was no chit chat after or cuddling afterwards, she grabs the listerine and gives me the thumbs up. Not exactly sure what that meant, whether it was approval for my performance or that she was done, not sure and she heads for another shower! 2 showers in one session was a bit extreme i thought.

Monica had a top body, didn't speak much and for some unknown reason, constantly spat into a plastic bag. Bj, spit, change position spit, finished spit, shower spit! Her service was adequate enough but all that spitting got to me a bit!

I'd go back to moon club, which is a half hour drive for me, and try again for michelle, or maybe another one of the ladies there as they all looked quite decent.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 9th October 2012, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: teltel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Best to book ahead for Michelle, as you have found out she is very popular
Teltel


Floor: #11
Post Time: 9th October 2012, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: TheDirtyBeast
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Indeed she is. I did ring ahead tho and ask if she was working and then enquired as to whether i would need to book her and the fella on the other end said she would be available! Last time i take his word for it!


Floor: #12
Post Time: 5th December 2012, 08:32 AM
Poster ID: amotis
Post Title: 
 Good times in the east
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Moon Club Dandenong

Date of Visit : November 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : moonclub.com.au

Hours of Business : 11am-2am

Rates : 200 for 1 hour

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporian

Services Provided : F/S,rimming,BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I would Michelle has been reviewed here several times but she is a personnel favorite and thought it would be best to share.

I have seen Michelle several times now over the last year and every time her service does not dissapoint, always feel like an un-rushed service her rimmimg and BJ skills are insane and she is a very bubbly person to boot.

Not sure how much longer she will be around for but well worth a visit if you get the chance.

She usually works during the week, daytime hours


Floor: #13
Post Time: 20th January 2013, 10:42 PM
Poster ID: bbbandit
Post Title: 
 Moon Club - Michelle - Dec 2012
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Michelle

Establishment: Moon Club

Date of Visit: December 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 26 Rhur St, Dandenong, VIC, (03) 9793 5289

Hours of Business: 10am till late

Rates: $125 for 30 minutes

Age: 30-35

Size/shape: C/D cup, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: DFK, DATY, BBBJ, RIMMING, FS

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Was feeling a little toey one afternoon so decided to pay a visit to Michelle at Moon club. I have seen Michelle a few times before and have always had a great time. Her service can be a bit mechanical in that she follows a set routine, but what a routine it is!

While I think she is attractive, I would describe her looks more as plain, although very inviting. She has a nice curvy body, baby smooth skin, a great pair of tits and nice ass. My guess is that she is probably a tick over 30, not that it matters much! 

As I mentioned before, she provides a fantastic service which begins with a mutual shower where she gives you a thorough clean. She gets into every nook and cranny and gives a quick, wet BBBJ in the shower too. Once dried up and on the bed, face down, she starts off an excellent cat bath where she works her way down your back. This eventually turns into a vigorous rimming session which will go for as long as you like. She likes to get you up on all fours and suck your dick from behind too, before flipping you around, DFKing for a bit, and continuing the BBBJ in a more traditional manner.  

On this occasion, I asked her to turn around into a 69 position and lapped up her sweet pussy while she sucked away. After a couple of minutes of this, I got her up and motioned for the condom which she readily applied. She jumped on top for some enthusiastic cow girl and eventually flipped over for some mish. I then asked for doggy and banged away until I unloaded in this position. The view from behind is great, she has a sweet bum and isn't a stick insect so there is plenty to grab onto as well.

After a quick clean up, we had a bit of time left so she asked me to lie down and proceeded to give me a quick massage. Her massage is quite good too if you like it hard. Left me squirming a bit, but I'm sure others will enjoy that part of her service too.

All in all Michelle provides a great, if predictable, service.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 22nd January 2013, 05:46 AM
Poster ID: Cove23
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's a pity that Monica and Kitty have left this place and gone back home overseas.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 15th February 2013, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: Nicktoo
Post Title: 
 Good not great
				
Post Content: 
Name: Stella

Venue: Moon Club

Date Feb 2013

Address: 26 Rhur St Dandenong Vic 3175

Hours: 11.00am til late

Rates: $200 per hour

Age: 21-25

Size: 8-10

Nationality: Korean

Services: CBJ, LFK, DATY, Massage

Recommended: Yes

Comments

Was feeling a little toey and with a couple of hours to spare decided to head to Moon Club for a look see. Intro'd Stella as the only girl available for at least 40 minutes. Disappointing but she looked nice, no reflection on her so booked an hour--why not?

In the room she was friendly but somewhat mechanical at first--light kissing only and not much conversation. Started with usual catbath and then CBJ with good suction and a lot of slurping. Some DT was nice but no 69 :-/

Asked if DATY was ok and she agreed. She seemed to enjoy it so continuedfor a while until things got rather sticky down there. Time for some mish, then CG, doggy then back to mish to finish round 1

After the clean up some nice massage then on to round 2 for more of the same as round 1 and managed to get off the second shot after some vigourous pumping which she encouraged.

Into the shower after a pretty good session overall. I think she would warm up after a few more visits.

Certainly a punt worth the money spent.


Thread Title: Moon Club - 26 Rhur St, Dandenong - 03 9793 5289
Floor: #16
Post Time: 19th February 2013, 12:56 PM
Poster ID: Nicktoo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As a footnote, there was something familiar about Stella. She said she works at another parlour close by but didn't know the name. By deduction it would be Masquerades as she identified the place as "142" in the usual fashion. I think the english names are too hard to remember for some of these girls or perhaps they just don't know them. I now recall her service as pretty much the same some 12 months back.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 2nd July 2013, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: hpwbot
Post Title: 
 Tiffany - Moon Club Dandenong
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : 26 Rhur Street, Dandenong South

Date of Visit : 20/06/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : MOONCLUB

Hours of Business : 11am till 2am

Rates : $200 an hour

Age :  Looked 25 but claims 21. 

Size/shape : C cup, slim, size 6 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY and FS

Value for money/recommend? : Once warmed up she was very bubbly

My experience/comments : It has long been said that it is a bit of a hit and miss when it comes to Moon Club. On this particular night there were 5 girls on, all asian and all slim. My pick was Tiffany 160cm, 50kg, B cups and landing strip. Was told to hit the shower and she later joined. Soaped up the little bro very VERY good, when a lady does this you know you are in for a good time :P Took me by surprise when she went down to lick my balls, whilst still in the shower. The tickling sensation had me instantly hard, at this stage she could see the excitement and didnt even to proceed to BBBJ. This went on for a few minutes, then we both dried up and proceeded to the bed. BBBJ continued and then it was my turn. Her shaved snatch with a landing strip on top looked sensational and the taste amazing! this is one clean chick, could taste a little soap still. She started to moan and squeeze my head with her legs. Then on with the cover and onto the main course which began with her on top, moving to doggy and ending up in mish. For some reason I couldnt make it in this position and had to ask for BBBJ which she was more than happy to do. Her suction was incredible and I thought I was going to explode in her mouth but she had perfect timing and pulled out before I could CIM, i did explode on her chest tho :P haha All in all I used the full 30 mins. 

Overall it was a good experience and would return if she was in the lineup.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 3rd July 2013, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As a matter of interest hpwbot, did Tiffany's looks match the photo on the website, also the other four you saw at the introduction?

Wotan010


Floor: #19
Post Time: 3rd July 2013, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: hpwbot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


As a matter of interest hpwbot, did Tiffany's looks match the photo on the website, also the other four you saw at the introduction?

Wotan01
"""



Pics don't match but she did have that same cute look about her


Floor: #20
Post Time: 3rd July 2013, 09:19 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks hpwbot, often the pictures are not correct but she did look cute indeed.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 9th December 2013, 03:46 AM
Poster ID: viewsonic
Post Title: 
 Moon Club - 26 Rhur St, Dandenong - 03 9793 5289
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : MIMI 

Establishment : MOONCLUB DANDENONG

Date of Visit : 2/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 26 RHUR STREET DANDENONG SOUTH

Hours of Business : 11am till 2am

Rates : $110 half hour

Age : 30 plus

Size/shape : B cup, size 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments :

This place is not very friendly. You are seated in a large room with other men as the girls are flashed very quickly in the doorway. You do not get a good look at the girls and they seem somewhat scared to walk into the room to introduce themselves. Very weird vibe. A total of 4 girls available. All asian. All 30+ in age. Nothing great.

I asked if I can talk to the girl 1-on-1 and was told "no"!

I asked if I could see the girls again because I did not get a look at the total girl considering how fast they are paraded at the door way (at least 4 meters away from me). Answer was no!!

I was in the mood and my spiderman sensors must have been blocked by my blue balls so I picked the youngest looking out of the bunch. I pay at the reception desk and I am guided to the room. This is the first time I got a good look at the girl I picked. Her tits were smaller than I thought and she was not as pretty as I first thought (maybe this is why the girls are paraded so far away and you are not given a good look). Too late now because I already paid.

I am told to have a shower and she will return. 

Shower done and I am waiting on the bed. The clock ticks and I am still waiting. At this stage I am considering walking out of the room to ask how long I have to wait. It must be at least 10 minutes.

Mimi finally walks back into the room. She begins by undressing and lying next to me on the bed. I am very disappointed at this stage because her breath and hair reeks of cigarettes. This is a major turn off for me. However, I have already paid and I am not going to let that ruin my mood.

She starts to work on my boy with a HJ and some ball action. Nice!

I go to play with her breasts and she smacks my hand away! Seriously! I was smacked for trying to touch a prostitutes breasts even though I already paid for 30 minutes of fun and pleasure. I think she could see from my reaction that I was not pleased. She told me that her breasts and nipples are sore. I replied, then maybe I should only have payed half the price since I can only play with half of you. She either did not understand me or acted like she did not understand. Anyway I thought, lets not ruin the moment. We are here to have fun.

Next, she leans over next to the bed to get a condom - so I thought. There is a lot of fidgeting and movement behind my head where she is leaning but nothing else is really happening. She has one hand on my hard cock and leaning with the other hand next to the bed looking for something. Must be looking for a condom I thinks - wrong. 

In the middle of play she grabs a tube of lube. Gets up from the bed and wastes a whole lot of time lubing her pussy. She then reaches over for tissues to clean up the mess she has made by applying too much lube. So far this is not turning me on or getting me excited for her. I feel as if she is wasting time and does not really want to be there.

She finally gets back on the bed and starts stroking my boy with her hand. She comments that I smell nice and wants to know what aftershave I am wearing. She begins to taste me aftershave directly off my neck. Things are looking up I thinks.

Still not much action happening. She finally dresses my boy in a condom. She gives my boy 3 or 4 strokes of her mouth. Is that it I ask myself? That is the worst BJ ever. At this point I just want to fuck her, blow and get the fuck out of there.

She lays on her back with her legs spread wide open for me inviting my boy to her. She has a nice looking pussy - untrimmed and natural. 

I fuck away for a few good minutes, enjoying the experience. Not much action out of her. I would rate her as a "dead fuck" on a "dead track" if it was the spring racing carnival at Flemington racecourse.

She then tells me to hurry up! This really annoyed me. She was providing a lousy service.

I finished up. She cleaned me up and told me to have a shower.

I looked at the time and told her that it is early. She said my 30 minutes were up - bullshit! It has only been 20 minutes since she entered the room after my shower.

I could not be bothered arguing with her. I came for an exciting, pleasurable and happy experience. I did not receive that and I did not want to end it now with an argument. I can argue with plenty of other girls in my life outside of brothels.

Overall a shitty experience. I will never come back.

The girls are shown to the punters from a great distance and only for a very short look. You are not allowed to talk to the girls before you pay. Must be because the girls are crap and deliver shitty service.

I DO NOT RECOMMEND.

Try other brothels in the area.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 9th December 2013, 06:30 AM
Poster ID: Nicktoo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Commiserations on a dud punt viewsonic. Seems like you handled the situation like a true gentleman. The intro process has been like this for many years. If you persist with it you will find they get some real gems there. You just have to pay very close attention to the girls when they appear in the doorway. A visit to this place is punting in the true sense of the word unless you are able to find a regular and then good luck with trying to book her again.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 25th March 2014, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 moon club-judy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Judy

Establishment : Moonlight babes (also known as moon club)

Date of Visit: 25/3/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:26 rhur st south dandenong

Hours of Business: noon to 3am

Rates: $110 for 30 mins FS

Age: 25 

Size/shape: size 10, A or B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: china

Services Provided: FS,  
Value for money/recommend?: yes

I met this girl last week as i popped in before going to Red Lantern.  Judy wore a 2 piece green bikini and she was there again today wearing the same outfit and this time i couldnt resist her after slighty regretting declining her last week.

Judy has a nice fringe, her hair was tied back and she has a cuddly figure.  She has  a real dreamy look about her.  She was very shy, 2nd week and is studying child care.

I requested she leave her bather bottoms on which i rubbed her puddy through them and messed around with her nipples a bit.  She is a shy girl but worked into her role.  She turned into the 69 position where i kept rubbing and she began a bit of a pant with her heading rocking back and forth.  I had a great view of her actions through the side mirror.  She soon took the bottoms off, and i asked her if i could kiss her and with those dreamy eyes said "Not too much kiss".  She makes me laugh.  I didnt go down on her and she asked me if i was ready to plug her.  I was hysterical when she asked me this then i had to confirm thats what she said and she replied with "no pump me". 

I agreed to this and she then sat ontop and after a few awkward pumps she told me im a little big and requested some lube.  After a few minutes of cowgirl, we tired missionary with her carrying on with some fake moaning but what impressed me was her was her ability to flex her inside muscles away then tighten against my member.  I requested to finish in doggy and she continued changed the friction between our private parts and for some reason she kept saying pussy, but it worked as i blew into the condom.  I thought she did well and i told her that.  After the shower she lied on the bed and we chatted.  She kept looking at me with those dreamy eyes and as we chatted she was rubbing the 5 oclock growth over her clit.  I asked her if she wanted a shower and she told me she would have one when i left. We gave each other a quick back massage before i was on my way.

I would recommend seeing this shy chinese girl.

Ive visited this shop twice in the last week and this shop has lost its luster. A few years back this shop was the equal in status to Red Lantern Relaxation but its just a shell of a shop now im afraid. They would be supplying about 4 girls during the day.  I visited this place around a year ago too and the girls were all late 20's to early 30's but the girls i saw the last 2 visits were back around the mid 20's.  If Red Lantern is too busy dont give up on this shop.


Floor: #24
Post Time: 6th April 2014, 07:20 AM
Poster ID: Nicktoo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Intel from another Forum suggests the "legendary" Michelle is returning this week after an absence of about a year
A few years back she was the best service provider in south east Melbourne IMO
There will be a few happy punters around if the story is true.


Floor: #25
Post Time: 10th May 2015, 10:08 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Michelle 

Establishment: Moon Club

Date of Visit: Saturday in late April 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: (03) 9793 5289 | 26 Rhur Street Dandenong South | Website

Hours of Business: 11 AM to 2 AM 

Rates: $190 for 45 mins,  $230 for 60 mins (Michelle special rates)

Age: Mid 30s

Size/shape: Slim & busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Singaporian

Services Provided: Mutual shower, DFK, GFE, BJ, rimming, FS, CIM

Value for money/recommend? Yes!

My experience/comments:






 Originally Posted by Nicktoo


Intel from another Forum suggests the "legendary" Michelle is returning this week after an absence of about a year
A few years back she was the best service provider in south east Melbourne IMO
There will be a few happy punters around if the story is true.


And a full year later, she still is! 

Was on the hunt for my favourite WL Sharon who'd disappeared from her old establishment. I had read a rumour by Some Guy On An Internet Forum that she could be found at Moon Club, so I hopped into the car and bravely headed off into the wilds of Dandenong South. After a bit of hunting in a deserted industrial area I eventually spot Moon Club and park out back.

Papasan informs me that I've missed Sharon by about a couple of hours as its' been quiet and she'd gone home!  Arrgh! So close! Papasan asks if I'd like to see the lineup. I agree and I'm sent to the waiting room. To my dismay Moon Club intros are the terrible kind where the girls briefly show themselves in the doorway while papasan announces their name and nationality, one after the other. I quickly make up my mind to walk and barely pay any attention to the parade of (admittedly all very do-able looking) girls... until what ends up being the last girl, who stops just short of the doorway momentarily so only her boobs are visible protruding past the doorframe. Papasan announces her name... "Michelle". This stirs memory of FRs buried deep in my brain - surely it couldn't be THE infamous Michelle could it? 

I decide I can't pass up the chance and tell papasan I'll take Michelle. She tows me to the room enthusiastically and asks how long. I take the plunge and say 45. She says to pay $190. A bit surprised, I point to the pricelist on the wall where 45 is listed as $160. She says it is the price for her "special service". Somewhat wearily I hand over the extra cash thinking to myself "this really better be THE infamous Michelle".

I'm handed a towel well past its used by date and am pointed to the shower. It is about now I notice what a total dump this place is. Fortunately the shower has at least seen some love recently and isn't too bad. Michelle quickly returns while I'm still showering, nudes up and joins me. Mouthwash it the first order of business, followed by a very thorough cleaning of my date. This is looking very promising!  Michelle spins me around from cleaning my date and starts working my hard cock with her mouth, giving me some quality fire and ice treatment - there's even some mouthwash work thrown in there too which stings a bit!

Out of the shower, dried and on to the bed, Michelle continues with her quality BJ. We manoeuvre in to 69 so I can enjoy her sweet tasting pussy. It is not long before Michelle works her way a bit further around (somehow!) and starts going to town on my date. Its by far the most vigorous rimming I've had, almost feels a bit rough somehow. Not that I'm complaining! I let her have her way for a little while longer before I roll her on her back for some mish.

She suggests her legs between mine for mish (is this still called mish or is it something else?) - "makes it feel tighter" she says with a smile. We enjoy some good hard fucking in this position for some time but alas the buzzer goes too soon. Needing to get across the finish line quickly, I pull out, whip the raincoat off and ask where I can come. Without hesitation Michelle leans forward and puts her lips around the tip of my cock and swirls her tongue around it while I jerk off. Needless to to say I'm on the verge of blowing within a minute or two of this. Sensing this, Michelle takes me deep into her mouth and makes sure she milks every single drop out of me before siting back and motioning for me to wait while she spits. Like I was going anywhere!

I kneel there literally stunned for a minute or so after having just enjoyed the most intense orgasm I've had for many many years!  Eventually I manage to collect myself and stumble back in to the shower to get cleaned up. We have a friendly chat until the buzzer goes a second time. I'm happy to report that not only is she a highly skilled professional but also she's a lovely girl with good english and a sharp sense of humour.

WIR? Only for Michelle (or Sharon) - this place is a dive and too much of a lottery given the way intros are done


Floor: #26
Post Time: 20th July 2015, 12:03 PM
Poster ID: ronnie869
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Moonclub

Date of Visit : 16/7/15 she works thursday during the day and i think friday as well.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9793 5289

Hours of Business : 11 AM to 2 AM 

Rates : $230/hr this is only for michelle for 'special service'

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : busty, good shape full c cup maybe small d cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : singaporean

Services Provided : Rimming, bbbj, bbbj in shower, toe sucking, fs

Value for money/recommend? : very much yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

have seen michelle a very long time ago before she went on a long leave stint. i dont like this parlour in particular because of how poorly they are run. the first time i went there and booked michelle i had to wait in the room for 45 minutes by my self because she was with another client and then had to eat... wtf? i booked when they opened.

i've had other times where i walked in and sat down and nobody came to say hi or intro so we walked out and the guy working chased us out and said why'd you leave? i said why do you think? there was zero service or any intros.

anyway, this time it was pretty quiet and i had booked head and there were no issues this time. michelle is the shining light at this place and it would probably die without her.

onto the session, she insists i wait to shower with her and i already know why. nothing has changed in her service since i last saw her and that is a good thing. really thorough in cleaning my down stairs region including between my toes and i got a bit of bbbj in the shower. amazing.

after shower a nice body slide and cat bath and a pretty intense rimming. all the way down to my toes and then back up and sucking me while i was face down on all fours and then some more rimming.

it's a weird sensation but i never say no to it.

then turned over for a nice bbbj and she can def give a great bbbj. i blew in  her mouth and she went to spit it out and came back for an intense massage. i was a bit scared because she was putting her knees on my back but she does a few moves where my back cracked and it felt awesome. a bit of a snuggle and she encouraged fondling before we got into round 2. round 2 again started with a great bbbj before i asked for fs. rolls on the dom and rides me cow girl. honestly it was too much so i just let her keep going while i blew and stopped her when i couldnt handle it any more. some more snuggling and fondling before i showered and left.

the only reason i would recommend moonclub or return there. apart from sharon who i've seen at OO, i wouldn't recommend going there.


Floor: #27
Post Time: 29th August 2015, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: thepunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Moon Club

Date of Visit : August 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 97935289

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $110 half hour

Age : 25 to 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Three WL's intro'd and I chose Nicole, purely because she was the last. Here the girls just wave and go whilst Papasan says where they came from. I had India, Korea and Japan to chose from. Into the room, pay Nicole, strip off and into the shower. The towel on the floor outside the shouwer hasn't been replaced for God knows how long. It is wringing wet. Look for a dry spot to stand on and try to dry myself with the thinnest and oldest towel I have seen for a long time.

Nicole suggests we get onto the bed, which I do and we spend some "Quality time" with our lips locked together. Not DFK, more sucking on each others lips. Quite unusual.......but I could get used to it.  After a bit of this Nicole grabs my old fella, and starts rubbing it against her pussy. Feels pretty good. We precede from here to a covered cowgirl, then onto mish for the conclusion.

Nicole tells me she is from Sydney. Has only been here a few days and will be going back to Sydney soon.

So WIR? Yes I would, but I don't know if she will be around next time, and there are so many others out there so who knows.


Floor: #28
Post Time: 23rd January 2017, 08:27 PM
Poster ID: ronnie869
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Moon Club

Date of Visit : 19/1/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : michelles rate is $200/45 min (two rounds)

Age : late 30s/early 40s?

Size/shape : quite fit and firm. full c cup. her face is definitely aging compared to when i very first saw her or she's not trying as hard make up wise.

Nationality or Ethnicity : singapore

Services Provided : shower bbbj, rimming, bbbj and fs.

Value for money/recommend? : always yes.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

pregame: after some dud experiences with RnTs and FS venues i decided i would come back to where i know the result is always the same. the wait, can be infuriating even when you book. but the service never changes and that's a really good thing.

maincard: if you've seen michelle before you know what to expect here. in the shower your feet and butthole get cleaned very thoroughly. the shower bbbj was even better than the last time with a bit of hot water in her mouth for a different sensation.

on the bed is where you just enjoy yourself and let her take control. she follows her script to a tee but it's so good you can just go with the flow. the rimming is a weird experience but pleasant and toe sucking can be ticklish. but the main attraction is her bbbj and cim skills. she'll be able to milk you with a mouthful still. after she spits her massage is probably the second main attraction. elbows knees and hands work out my back and hearing a few cracks here and there feels really good on the back.

for second round she warmed up with a bit of catbath and into bbbj again. then cover up for fs. i really enjoy her riding cowgirl because she puts in a pse effort instead of a limp weak cowgirl. after change of positions she requests a side ways her leg between mine missionary variation. it feels okay but my balls are squashed. change a few positions and finish with me thrusting into her mouth. finish with cim.

postgame: i hate booking michelle because the bookings are so poorly managed. the line up is usually rubbish. so i almost never come here but sometimes i get sick of the mediocre service and seek out michelle. if you haven't tried then i highly recommend giving her a try. if you've tried her, you know what the deal is.


Floor: #29
Post Time: 24th January 2017, 07:30 AM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She must be well over 40 now. I would think 50. I haven't seen her for at least ten years. Service sounds exactly the same, even the waiting times! I remember her massage being great too. I stopped going there when she started getting shitty because I didn't cum early enough for her!


Floor: #30
Post Time: 24th May 2017, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: Krumm_bum
Post Title: 
 Chantelle - CLub Keys, Moorabbin - (03) 9555 8100
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chantelle

Establishment :  Club Keys

Date of Visit :  22/5/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.clubkeys.com.au/melbourne.php - 67 Keys Rd, Moorabbin VIC 3189

Hours of Business : 10am to 2am

Rates : $120 for 30 mins

Age :  25-30

Size/shape : Athletic build, firm thighs, great figure, A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Service with a smile, BJ with condom, sex, no anal

Value for money/recommend? : Great value, service with a smile

My experience/comments : Been a dry period for me. friend found this place. out of the way from where we usually go. 
walked in, the mamasan was polite and busy. 

Showed us the girls. chantelle was first, and she stood out. soft white skin in a black lingerie and red robe, she didn't just walk in and walk out, she actually stopped, shook hands, and asked about our day. i knew straight away she was different. 

saw the other girls, and straight away went with Chantelle. 

fast forward to the room, and from the beginning, i knew it was going to be good. she definetly gives service with a smile. small talk led to the bed which was nice as i've usually just gone to bed without so much as a word.
Gave the whole girl friend experience with kissing on the face and neck and was very gentle and sensual. 
Condom went on and got a great bj. i mean great because she looked up and into my eyes unlike others who just look away. 

when i was ready, we went to the deed. she went on top, and it was a great feeling. very tight and trim, and i mean that by her thighs being so atheletic and strong. i felt like my pelvis would be crushed, kinda like being crushed to death by snoo snoo 

the best part was she looked at you the whole time, amd would smile. it didn't feel like she didn't want to be there or had other things on her mind, she really wanted to make it a worthwhile experience. 

so after a while, we changed position to missionary, and it was great because her figure compely lying down looked great. once again, plenty of eye contact. 

i went at it for awhile, but got a cramp and had to stop. 

but she was totally cool with it, and decided to just take it easy, and it was a great feeling, to actually build that sense of rapport. 

so i found out she only works selected days, so best to call before hand. 

tl:dr - Chantelle is a great babe, with a killer smile and desire to please. Service with a smile, will be back for sure


Thread Title: Moon Club - 26 Rhur St, Dandenong - 03 9793 5289
Floor: #31
Post Time: 24th May 2017, 10:06 PM
Poster ID: Krumm_bum
Post Title: 
 Linh - Moon club, Dandneong Vic - (03) 9793 5289
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linh

Establishment : Moonclub, Dandenong

Date of Visit :  14/3/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.moonclub.com.au/girls - 26 Ruhr St, dandenong, 3175

Hours of Business : 10.30am till late

Rates : $110 for 30 mins

Age : 25ish (can never tell with asians)

Size/shape :  Slim, thin, shorter than me (150cm)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided :  BB with condom, sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, good value for price

My experience/comments : Dropped into this place as i had heard about it from a friend, and decided to try (also because it was along the way home)

walked in, very quiet and empty. only 2 girls on for the night, Linh and Yumi(?) japanese

So being more of a thai lover, i went with Linh

Walked into the room, and straight away, she presssed herself against the door in such a seductive pose, i knew it was going to be a good night.

showered and straight to bed. The small talk was nice, but wasn't all that much given she had some english, but enough. Condom went on and she started to give me a BJ. it was good, she deep throated a few times. definetly a pro. then it was time to get to the main course. 
i rolled her over and went missionary. the view was great, being a b cup on a small figure,  definetly got the juices going. she seemed to enjoy herself, so at least that was good in that she was either a good actor or was actually enjoying it. for me, that helps with the experience. 

i'm more of a doggy kind of guy, so after a while, i rolled her over and went at it. there was a full wall mirror, and being able to see everything really helped me. added to her enjoying herself i crossed the line in no time. once done, i continued until i could no longer hold it and pulled out. 

she cleaned me up and then we just sat on the bed and talked. i realised i had another 10-12 minutes, so for the rest of the time, we talked. strange huh?
but i guess it must have been a quiet night or she was bored or just wanted to talk, but she told me about her time in Australia (she was a student) and about her brother being in jail and stuff
it was stange but it was all in a nice, light hearted environment
the buzzer went, and i showered and got changed. before leaving, she gave me a hug 

all in all, a strange ending to a good time

tl:dr - linhs well worth a go!


Floor: #32
Post Time: 9th July 2017, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: haruyip
Post Title: 
 MoonClub  - Dandenong South - 03 9793 5289
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : samarah  (might have a mix up with another big boob samarah in the same club)


Establishment : Moonclub dandenong south




Date of Visit : 21/06/2017


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 26 Rhur St, Dandenong south VIC 3175




Hours of Business : 10:30am till late


Rates : $120  30minutes


Age : 23+


Size/shape : A cup, slim


Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysia Indian


Services Provided : CBJ, Daty, FJ, Massage


Value for money/recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments : When there around 6:30pm, establishment looks ok except for the sound insulation, being directed to the waiting lounge with porno being aired on the tv. Being introduced quite a few lady's while she is the only greeted me with a friendly smile. As she is being recommended, i decided to get her service. when to the room, paid the damage and waited for her to come in. As i was laying in bed waiting for her to finish her shower, we had a little bit of chatting before the game start. As per-usual catbath on my men boobs to get me aroused, after that she gave me a minute of cbj, which is quiet disappointed, as i enjoy BJ. Then straight to the cowgirl position, after few minute of humping, i raise up and give her lil tits a good ol' licky, and she started to moan in enjoyment and loved it. Then i asked her if i could give her Daty, which in my surprise that she agree with no extra needed, dine for around 5-7minutes (no smell), and i proceed to hump her missionary style which i finish off. For the remaining few minutes of left over time, she gave me some kitty kat strength message with her finger.


Floor: #33
Post Time: 23rd May 2018, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: WillyM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Moon Club

Date of Visit : 23rd May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 26 Rhur Street, Dandenong

Hours of Business : 10:30am til late

Rates : $100 for 30 mins (Tuesday/Wednesday daytime special)

Age : 20

Size/shape : Tiny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was driving down Stud Road this afternoon and had the urge. Considered Rowville Choice but too may cars parked outside, so the plan was keep going to Dandenong and visit Blue Krystal, as I got to Dandy I decided I'd see if Moon Club had improved, normally they had great WL but usually only 1 or 2 on 
shift. Drove down Rhur St and almost went past Moon Club, all the signage had changed as had the name (Heaven's Delight)

Inside young PPS arranges a line-up, names and nationalities on the whiteboard, of six attractive ladies, Chose Lucy who was small and very pretty.
In the room settle up for $100 for 30 mins, expected $120 but they have a Tuesday/Wednesday speciaal.

Lucy tells me to shower and goes to get a towel, and dries me off after I get out of the shower. 
Lucy joins me in bed and is very petite with small perky boobs and lovely brown nipples. Didnt mind me playing with them and sucking and didnt mind pussy 
play. Next a nice CBJ, gently stroking my balls and gooch while she sucks and licks.

It becomes apparent that she does not speak english very well but she takes the hint and gently eases herself onto me and man. is she tight.

Soon enough ready to shoot so I climb aboard for the finale and pump away till I empty out.

Lucy is very playful and friendly but she doesnt speak english well but we manage to converse via Siri translations on her iphone.
I expected to shower straight away but Lucy offers me a massage and wasnt in any hurry to get rid of me.

All in all she is a beautiful little lady who provides great service and is a real delight.


Floor: #34
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 03:34 PM
Poster ID: marsian
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Moon Club

Date of Visit : 4th Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 26 Rhur Street, Dandenong

Hours of Business : 10:30am til late

Rates : $100 for 30 mins (Tuesday/Wednesday daytime special)

Age : 25+

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : 50-50

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

2019 Resolution - be active in punt world again after being quiet for 2018. Office not too far from Moon club and after few rounds of Blue Krystal, wanted to give a chance to this club. 

Drove down Moon Club, asked for girls who are working. Most of them are either too big size to my liking or not my cup of tea. Until last girl and asked the manger where is Nancy since her name appeared on board but didn't turned up. Then manager quickly called her and ended with her. 

Nancy asked me to shower and after dries me off we proceed to normal routine action. Very polite and shy maybe because she cant speak English and communication is always a challenge. Small perky boobs with brown nipple and I started with all my licking before she took over for BJ. 
She gently stroking my balls and gooch while she sucks and licks.

After some BJ actions, I started with missionary, then doggy style before ended my loads lying on the bed. Managed to pumped everything and release my stress...

Nancy is  quite playful but not able to communicate in English is a big disadvantage to her and us. After so cuddling, went straight to shower and change. 
Overall not a bad experience but nothing special from a brothel. Would like to try some other gals in future...


Floor: #35
Post Time: 13th April 2019, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: WillyM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Moon Club (Heaven Rose)

Date of Visit : 30/3/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : HEAVEN ROSE - Dandenong Brothel

Phone : (03) 9793 5289

Hours of Business : 10:00 AM till 3:00 AM

Rates : $120 / 30 mins

Age : 25 ish

Size/shape : 6 to 8, nice set

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Went down Moon Club (Now badged as Heaven Rose) because I saw on twitter that they had a burmese girl on shift.

Got there about noon and there were a few cars in the carpark. Went in , eight names on the whiteboard including the burmese girl, Ruby.
Unfortunately only got an intro to two girl, Lulu a very pretty korean and an attractive chinese girl. Super helpful papasan told me that all the other girls were 
busy, so I took Lulu for half an hour.

Usual thing, shower etc, and Lulu joins me. Not too good at english, which I thought was going to be a problem, but communication was OK.
Sucking tits, touching pussy all OK. She started a really good CBJ but I thought I wouldnt last so I directed her to my balls. No problem,
licked away at my sack and when I pointed to the base of my balls and her tongue went there. Awesome.

Time for the finale, told her it was time to fuck, so she lay back. Entered a snug pussy and ground out a good one.

After I tried to have a conversation but the lack of english, was a problem, so I showered, gave her a hug and took off.

All in all, a good service


Floor: #36
Post Time: 18th November 2019, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: cincin
Post Title: 
 MOON CLUB - Yammy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yammy(Yummy)

Establishment : Moon Club, Dandenong
Date of Visit : October/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :https://www.moonclub.com.au/  Dandenong

https://twitter.com/mcdandenong?ref_...Ctwgr%5Eauthor check there tweeter for new girls.


Hours of Business : 7 days 10 am to late

Rates : from $90 20 mins, $100 30 mins

Age : Early 30's, i guess

Size/shape : Slim to curvy, size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian/Chinese/HK

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, she was good and motivated

My experience/comments :
Nice looking place, clean, well presented
I didn't have much time so opted for a 30 minute R&T session, I was taking to a waiting room where 5 attractive young ladies came out and introduced themselves. I picked her as she was ok ok, didnt wanna pick the prettiest or the youngest as they usually let us down.

Showered with Yammy and was awesome as she went down totally hot in d shower. We were dancing and dried each other, danced 4 a while, wow super hot(she says she teaches dancing to students) l believe her totally, she looked super hot dancing. Awesome GFE, we made it to bed, cbj than her riding me 4 a while. I got der doggy n really went hard, was her fault making me want her more after all that sexy dancing and teasing. She made me finger her while she sucked me and OMG was she wet, oh yes all super wet. I couldnt wait and went Missionary hard bb hard bb omg harder n harder and spewwww......done showered, she dried my whole body, and i mean whole body. i was ready to go 2nd, but budget restricted LOL. 

LOved it...yummy yammy.

Would I return, sadly cheked there current girls, and she is not there anymore. Will be waiting 4 her return.


