Thread Title: New Palace - 31 Aster Ave, Carrum Downs - 03 9775 0502
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th June 2011, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: origin
Post Title: 
 New Palace - 31 Aster Ave, Carrum Downs - 03 9775 0502
				
Post Content: 
I haven't been down to NP for a while haeded in late this afternoon and saw Fiona early 30'2 from Thailand

$120 half hour full service 69, DATY even anal was included for the $120 since I was 'first customer' I got anal for free.

NP has a great selection of Asian girls wanted to take all 6 that were on roster. Though the place could do with new carpet on the whole NP is clean the girls are excellent...will return next weekednd to checkout a few others on the roster.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st August 2011, 05:24 AM
Poster ID: kewl_banana
Post Title: 
 Chanel
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chanel

Establishment : New Palace

Date of Visit : Monday 23/08/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 31 Aster ave Carrum downs

Hours of Business :  

Rates : $170/45 min.

Age : late 20's??

Size/shape : nice, 10 maybe, great tits, prob enhanced

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full, bbbj ($50)

Value for money/recommend? : so-so

My experience/comments : Went out looking for some fun, but no WL in other brothels that I liked. Ended up at New Palace, not a place I usually visit. Went in for a look and 4 girls on, two that "seemed" like thay were horny and up for it. (Just an act??)
Chose Chanel, really hot body with great tits. Offered bbbj for $50, once we got started; said it would be worth it, (I've had way better, and for nothing). Condom on and rode me, bit mechanical with a "boring soundtrack"....but like having her nipples, that were in my face, licked and played with. Let me blow my load over her belly and thighs.
Overall hot girl but average service....won't be back, (better value else where).


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st August 2011, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: wizzo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by origin


 since I was 'first customer' I got anal for free
"""



Wonder if you have returned to New Palace, origin?
Clearly, if you have it would have been early in the day, as we can see from your experience that the "early bird" catches some benefits!!!
Thanks for the review on Fiona.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th February 2013, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: Nicktoo
Post Title: 
 She blew me away
				
Post Content: 
Name: Anna

Venue: New Palace

Date: Feb 2013

Address: 31 Aster Ave Carrum Downs Vic 3201

Hours: 10.00 am til late

Rates: $210.00 per hour

Age: 35-40

Size: 6-8

Nationality: Chinese

Services: CBJ, DATY, DFK, Massage.

Recommended:Highly

Comments:

New Palace has been a happy hunting ground for a number of years as there always seems to be a variety of girls and I have yet to be disappointed no matter what my "mood"

I could have chosen three of the girls available that night and Anna was a little outside my usual preference parameters but she caught my attention which her charm and the anticipation she created. Paid papasan for an hour and into the room. 

After showering she was quick to return and helped me dry off. After preparing the bed we embraced  and the sparks began to fly. She was very passionate from the start and it seemed like we were sex buddies reunited after a long absence. We lay on the bed and kissed, moved to some amazing DATY, 69, DFK and more DATY before it all got to much for me and unloaded in mish much to her delight.

I showered quickly and then onto the bed for a nice massage before she rolled me over and was keen to get round 2 underway. Didn't take long for me to harden up again. Moved her into position for some doggy which felt good but she was way too wet so the friction was minimal. Tried a few variations  before she pushed me onto the bed and finished me off in CG, then RCG as Papasan sounded the warning buzzer.

All up a great punt and I will see her again for sure.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th February 2013, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sounds like your on a good thing there


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th February 2013, 09:46 AM
Poster ID: Nicktoo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by tiny tito


sounds like your on a good thing ther
"""



Without a doubt. Been back since and our session was even better. She ticks all my boxes and then some!!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th July 2016, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: 
 Je Je Claims to be from Hong Kong but non existent English = PRC
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Je Je

Establishment : New Palace

Date of Visit : 14/7/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  http://newpalace.com.au/about/

Hours of Business : 10 am - 2 am

Rates : $120/30 mins

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Dainty skinny jet black hair definitely not waif like.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC 

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, HJ plenty of cuddles

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/ Yes but barely an A cup if that is of a concern to you

My experience/comments :

I notice that New Palace has not been reviewed for some time. It possibly was new at one time but now the interior is far from new. Nothing like threadbare carpets & the reek of fresh & stale tobacco smoke to make you feel  welcome. Was just about to turn 180° when the mamasan (Aussie named Kelly) quickly & politely introduced herself so I decided to stay. She ushered me into an intro room with the door open. Before any girls appeared she quickly dealt with 2 punters who she greeted by name & had 1 hour bookings. I thought they must be doing something right if punters would book like that.

First 2 intros were from Thailand – seemed bit too keen – offered a lot but I just had my doubts as to whether they would deliver. Next was a petite & pretty Chinese girl called Ji Ji – my limited Chinese translates this as older sister. I booked for the half @ $120.

The bedroom was quite large & well mirrored so that you could see yourself to infinity on either side & behind & in front. There was also a ceiling mirror  but not one on the floor so there was no infinity effect here. The bathroom was bigger than bathrooms in some houses with a toilet as well.

Ji Ji returned promptly after my shower & wrapped her dressing gown around me & squeezed me tight. She slipped her top off & I noticed that she was not wearing any underpants. I had assumed she was wearing a black thong under her fishnet wrap around but she was unshaved. She started with a standing cat bath knelt down & slipped on a dom & started to suck. Next it was me flat on my back on the bed having a ritualistic communion with the infinite both physically & visually. A massage & HJ followed.

WIR? If I was passing I wouldn’t mind seeing her again. You would have to ring & ask if she was working. I tried  to find out what days she works or if she works elsewhere on other days but her English is very limited. She is definitely only an A bust & barely that so if you are a boobs man give her a miss.

When I finished I had another shower & soaped up my hair & left as soon as possible to avoid smoke in reception. Then I stopped at a pub hopped into the toilet & changed into my track suit which I have in the boot for this sort of contingency. Next stop laundromat to wash & dry my smoke fouled clothes & then back to pub toilet to change again. Significant others don’t need to smell smoke & then ask questions. New Palace needs to spruce itself up & tell punters & staff to smoke outside.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 16th July 2016, 05:50 AM
Poster ID: icarus65
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Small Bane, you are a stealth master!


