Thread Title: The Bignell - 6 Bignell Rd, Moorabin East - 03 9553 0192
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th September 2010, 08:08 PM
Poster ID: spandy
Post Title: 
 The Bignell - 6 Bignell Rd, Moorabin East - 03 9553 0192
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: The Bignell, Morrabbin 

Contact Details/Address: Bignell Road Morabbin

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $160 for 45 mins

Age: Early 20's?

Size/shape: 8-10 slim, petite, 5,5?

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: Just normal service, oral/sex

Value for money/recommend?: maybe YMMV

My experience/comments:

Went to the bignell, and two asian girls on. Sasha and Lily. Lily was really stand offish and Sasha gave me a nice smile and looked very attractive so thought I would give her a shot. Up to the room and shower and Sasha comes in. I come out of the shower and she jumps in. Seemed a bit unusual as girls always shower after a booking. Anyway started off with a below average massage. Then moved into a nice slow sensual blowjob. She then climbed on top of me and rode cowboy for awhile before I moved into missionary. After trying a few different positions, it's getting close to the end and I still hadn't climaxed, due to wonders of certain medication I'm on. Tried to finish me off by hand but to avail. 

In short: Crappy massage but the oral and sex were great, just couldn't get over the line. Would I see her again? Probably not. Once in the room was stand offish and though she got into the sex, prefer a bit of eye contact during the act.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st September 2010, 06:50 AM
Poster ID: stuyv
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does she have any tatts ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd September 2010, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: spandy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yea she had one tattoo, just above her arse. Can't remember what it was though


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th November 2010, 05:12 AM
Poster ID: teltel
Post Title: 
 new girl at the bignel
				
Post Content: 
Wwnet to the Bignel in Moorabbin East, never been there before but rang and found one asian girl working there so decided to give it a try.

Lily is new to both the Bignel and the 'trade' but thought could be good as she was very welcoming.

In the room showered together then to the bed where she did the usual nipple lick etc before starting on the little fella. Blow job included a lot of tongue work whilst in her mouth, almost came that way but slowed down then do cowgirl first then me on top.

As I had booked for 30 minutes ($110 from memory) time beagn to run out so some quick thrusts and satisfaction was there.

Again shower together then off home for me.

Go again - yes.

teltel


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st April 2019, 01:18 AM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment : The Bignell (6 Bignell Road, Moorabbin, VIC)

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : The Bignell | Mens Club, 5 Star Premise, Massage Parlour | Moorabbin VICTORIA

Phone : 03 9553 0192

Hours of Business : Open 24/7

Rates : 120 for 30 minutes

Age : 45-50

Size/shape : Size 8, B Cups, 5'2"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : dfk, BBBJ, uncovered sliding, rimming on me and on her, fip, fia, anal

Value for money/recommend? : Sure.

My experience/comments : 
I walked in off the street.  This seemed to cause some confusion, I think they like their CCTV on the driveway, and on the way out I was asked to park in there next time.  Not happening.  Jessica met me at the door and took me to the couch around the corner.  I handed over $120 for 30 minutes.  Signage on the door says there is a $10 fee to get in the door that goes towards your spend if you stay, but that never came up.  No lineup but I did see another caucausian-looking girl of similar age showing her customer out while I was waiting.  Jessica seemed fine to me, I wanted a Chinese MILF on her knees blowing me and she looked quite capable of this.

Upstairs into the front room.  Its clean and has a double shower.  A quick one for me, then some DFK when I come out and have dried myself.  I back her onto the bed and start sliding my cock up and down her puss.  She is fine with this, the only reaciton to testing the waters is a slight widening of her eyes.  I wasn't going in there though.  She switches things around so I'm on my back being blown.  She can take it quite deep and keep it there for a while.  Some ball licking, I lift my leg and she goes down for some rimming on me.  She's not too bad, but its not what I was after.  Flip her over onto all fours and I return the favor from behind for a while, then flip her over again and go for some more cock sliding.   I took my time with this.  After a while she got into it and was begging to be fucked, an urgent look in her eyes, quite convincing.  This still wasn't giving me what I went there for.  I felt a bit mean but disengaged and cooled down a bit with some fip/fia.  She seemed a bit sensitive to that after a while, so we both sat up, she was waiting for instruction.  I rolled her over face down again and slid for a while between her butt cheeks... she's a nice size for this.   Still not what I was going there for, but I was enjoying trying different things.  She offered me anal for an extra tip.  It was reasonable ($20) so I agreed to that and ran with that instead, doggy for the finish.  

I never did get her on her knees  for the finish I originally wanted.  No doubt it would have been fine if I'd asked.

A search here in one of the incomplete join reviews shows she has been around the block several times at several different places.  If I had known that I would have expected a lot harder edge with her, but she was a nice lady, easy going with a good temperament.  She wanted to please me.  I'd give her another spin.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st April 2019, 09:32 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now that is money worth.


