Thread Title: The Number 1 - 1 Joel Crt, Moorabbin - 03 9532 2666
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th August 2010, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: Corrupt
Post Title: 
 The Number 1 - 1 Joel Crt, Moorabbin - 03 9532 2666
				
Post Content: 
Description of lady: -
Ethnic origin: Australian
Estimated age or age range: 18
Estimated Height: 5'5
Hair: Blonde shoulder length
Size: 12-14 (guessing)
Estimated Body Shape: Curvy in the stomach
Breasts: E Cup natural
Down below: Shaven
Level of English communication: Fluent
Service: Kissing, standard oral and sex, didn't ask for any extra
Any major "will not do's": no doggy style
Comments on personality: Polite
Price structure: $115 1/2hr

I haven't been to Southside X for a few months and decided to play a visit, met a few girls in the intro and I picked Chantelle due to her big boobs 

She is only new to the industry and she is very inexperience.

We started off with a CBJ then moved to mish and she doesn't like doggy so she finished me off with a HJ.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th August 2010, 03:23 PM
Poster ID: john5000
Post Title: 
 Vanessa : Southside X
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Vanessa (Parlour Southside X)

Contact Details/Address: Moorrabbin

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Night 

Prices: $125

Age: 30

Size/shape: Big boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services: Sex

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely

My experience/comments: 

Guys, I highly recommend Vanessa at Southside X. She is a bombshell in bed. She always gives great service and does not carry on with useless conversation in the bedroom. She has big boobs and a great ass. She really enjoys her work and it is a great value for money. You need to call as she does not work everyday. If you can catch her, you won't regret the experience. 

Cheers
Johnny


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st August 2010, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: f15eagle_au
Post Title: 
 Candy at Southside X
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:
Candy at Southside X

Contact Details/Address:
1 Joel Court, Moorabbin
9532 2666

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)
10:00am till late.

Prices:
$115 for 30 minutes.

Age:
30s

Size/shape:
Average

Nationality or Ethnicity:
Australian

Services:
Full Service

Value for money/recommend?:
Definitely recommend.

My experience/comments: 
I have seen Candy about 3 or 4 times now.  She is in her 30s, long blond hair, about 5'5", very much a MILF.  She obviously likes her job and happy to provide a service that pleases.  Excellent CBJ, an excellent kisser.  I find her moaning and commentary very sexy, a big turn on for me.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th September 2010, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: andy1986
Post Title: 
 South Side X
				
Post Content: 
south side x
Establishment and/or person's Name: South Side x

Contact Details/Address: 1 Joel Court Moorabbin VIC 3189

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: 165$ - one hour. 95$ - 30 mins

Age:22

Size/shape: 36 D

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services: Oral, Massage, Sex

Value for money/recommend?: Value for money and recommended

My experience/comments: This place has lots of hot and young aussie girls. They provide professional service. This staff is very friendly and helpful. The facilities are very good. I had an hour booking with Taneesha. She is a gorgeous lady. She has blonde hair and massive boobs. She is twenty something year old, tall, clean and sexy.She is beach babe type of girl. She is good at BJ but doesn't allow kissing. She told me that she never used her hands while working, she only used her boobs to turn me on and they work better than her hands. I had two shots because it was an hour booking. She is also very good at massage. Overall, I am quiet happy with this place and with Taneesha. By the way, there are a lot of young and hot girls in this place and you can check who is available on their website which is frequently updated. http://www.southsidex.com


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th November 2010, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: chris7591
Post Title: 
 southside
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: tara

Establishment (if applicable): southside x

Contact Details/Address:

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: 100 for half an hour

Age: mid 20s

Size/shape: small waist c cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity:half korean half aus

Services: full service . massage oral sex

Value for money/recommend?:barely for moneys worth

My experience/comments: not the best ive seen there . very boring and stock standard , and a very quiet girl . but passes the mark becasue of how attractive she is


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th February 2011, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: jpowyeah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: SHAY

Establishment (if applicable): SOUTHSIDEX

Prices: $165 per hour during the day

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: size 8-10 ish

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aus

Services: Full service, no kissing

Value for money/recommend?: Hell yeah value for money! Recommend!

My experience/comments: Shay is a hot young (20 something) chick, who you would expect to see out at a pub, club somewhere dancing the night away. She's a great chick, great fun, good conversationalist, and knows what shes doing in the room! Ive stayed with her a few times, and cant recommend her highly enough.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th November 2011, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What is the go with this place? Why is it so cheap compared to its two competitors barely 5min away ($185/hr vs. $230/hr at The Bignell, $240/hr at Club Keys)? As a general rule do the girls at SSX hit up for basic "extras" like kissing etc. to make up for the low headline rate?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th February 2012, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: aussiebum
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Crystal

Establishment (if applicable): SOUTHSIDEX

Prices: $185 per hour

Age: 30's

Size/shape: Pretty good

Nationality: Australian

Services: Full service, no kissing, no oral (Well I didn't get any)

Value for money: Yes, satisfied a need

My experience/comments: After a night of smoking, talking dirty online and a sleeping pill or two too many, I was up for some action. Only Southside X was open nearby, only Crystal was available. Brunette, reasonable body, 30's maybe - no kissing though. I thought why not. Showered, layed on the bed, she gave an OK HJ while I DATY for quite a while. She then handed me the 'dom for me to put on. Don't they usually do that? Fucked for a while, I came. She removed the 'dom and cleaned me up. We chatted and smoked. She tried a HJ again but it wasn't happening for me. Overall she was OK. Satisfied a need very well. Not sure I'd see her again though.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 10th February 2012, 02:02 AM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After chatting to a few of the SouthsideX gals in the PP chat room, including HellsBelle, Kati, Hannah and Crystal, I just had to make my way there. I have been meaning to catch up will Hells for some time, at the last couple drimks nights, but the stars had never been aligned. So this time I checked ahead when she was gonna be there and a time was sussed for me to be there

So the day arrives, a couple days after my birthday, and i arrive at a good time, late afternoon. Hells greets me with a smile, and invites me into the lounge. This place is set up quite well, with a bar that functions as a central hub of the place. Also sitting at the bar is Hannah and another PP member. I wont mention names to protect the guilty.....  We all just sit there for a while chatting about all sorts of stuff. Hells is a very friendly person, and instantly puts people at ease with her natural, cheeky personality. Pretty soon, the other punter takes his leave but very shortly after, in walks another familiar face.... yep, another PP member.... hahahahaha. This place is quickly turning into a PP meeting point...... 

So here we are all having a laugh, while other punters come and go..... and then in comes Yumi. She props herself up against the bar, and says Hi. She is wearing a see through negligee with G and bra. Very nice indeed. Straight away, im thinking..... OK, im gonna stay longer than first anticipated. But we all continue just chatting for a while, until more punters show up for intros. Thats enough for me to grab Hells and state that Yumi isnt doing any intros now, as she is now booked. Keep in mind though that I still havnt really had an intro yet....

So the rest of the gals do the intros and Hells announces to Yumi that she has a booking, even though she hasnt done her intros yet.... Questionly, she comes to the bar to ask.... What?? and thats when she realises that its me that has booked her..... hehe She it totally surprised, and flattered. She approaches me with a cheeky smile on her face, and just about sits on my lap at the bar..... She is a very cheeky, fun gal.

We decide its about time we get a room....  so upstairs we go, and into a nice clean room. I have a quik shower and while drying, I ask her a couple questions about the do's and dont's. She just smiles at me and asks me to join her on the bed, saying "lets just see what happens". 

I meet her on the bed, kneeling and she comes to me, rubbing herself up nice and close, and we kiss. Gently at first, but gradually getting more and more passionate. Hands are roaming everywhere as we feel our way around each others bodys. The passion is really getting intense as we find ourselves now lying in each others arms. I gradually make my way to her neck, and kissing down her arms, as she is lying back and I begin investigating her body. I move down her body, over her beautiful breasts, and her lovely nipples. They seem to be enjoying this as much as she is...... hehe. I continue my way down south, kissing and licking everywhere, over her legs around her belly, Inner thighs, while my hands are gently caressing her. Gradually I settle on her nether regions. and slowly and gently nibbling and licking. She is responding to my touch very well, and I do like doing this, so im in no rush to finish here. She grabs my hand and places and crushes it onto her breast, all the time moaning and groaning. She is indeed really enjoying this. After some time, I am rewarded with the cutest sounds from her, as she gets over the line.... 

Time for her to get me back...... She pushes me back and climbs on and we join kissing again. Deep passionate kisses. She slowly goes down my body, over my nipples while her hands are having their own fun. Eventually, she make her way right down, and begins a very nice BJ. AS she is doing this, she is tickling my balls, and stroking my body, Not in any rush. Nice action, definitely having all the desired effects. She moves up and and mounts me in Cowgirl and begins a nice smooth pace. We kiss again, passion seems to be oozing between us. I suck her nipples while she rides, sometimes taking over the pace with some surprising thrusts of my own, pushing in deeper and deeper. We roll over into mish, and continue, thrusting deeper and harder. All the time she is really starting to go off again. Her legs find their way over my shoulders, and its really becoming obvious that the end is near. We continue, really building up in tempo until its all too much, and I let loose with a dom filler...... I continue slowly sliding in and out, gradually slowing to a snails pace till I do eventually slide out. 

We cuddle and kiss, stroking each other gently, Our passion is a lot more gentle now, as we stroke each other. We could do just this for ages, It really does feel nice kissing her. I decide I want to give her a massage. so she moves and a gently sensually massage her, from the tip of her head to her toes. She is very ticklish below her knees, so cant spend much time there before she reflex kicks me.... hahahaha. 

Time now for a clean up as the light is now what seems as bright as it gets. Showers out of the way, and clean up done, clothes on, we join again with another kiss before leaving the room. Hand in hand, we make our way back to the lounge. 

Back to the bar we go, now both glowing. Yumi cant wipe the smile from her face, and neither can I. Some of the faces that were there when we went up are still there, including the PP member, and there are now a few more ladys about. So im in no rush to go anywhere so we get cumfy again and its probably another hour before I leave.

So, Yumi is indeed a fun gal. Very bubbly and always smiling. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with her, and will be returning to see her again. Probably sooner than later actually...... Also finally meeting Hells was a good thing. She now agrees that I do indeed kinda look like my avatar. Thank you all for making me comfortable. Especially Yumi and HellsBelle.


Rupe


Floor: #10
Post Time: 11th May 2012, 01:45 AM
Poster ID: signaut
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sheila

Establishment (if applicable): Southside X

Prices: $115 half hour

Age: late 20's

Size/shape: Average

Nationality: Chinese?

Services: CBJ, DFK, FS

Value for money: Yup

My experience/comments: Was there a couple of nights back. Three girls available, but Sheila was the only decent one. She was wearing nothing but panties and a bra from the intro so it was an easy pick.

In the room we DFK'd for a few minutes until she told me to go shower. Once all that cleared up, we hopped into bed and she started rubbing my junk. Mood buzzer. She kisses my chest and licks my nipples while stroking my cock. She was really getting into it and started kissing it. BBBJ? Nah, just a cock tease. Sheila laughs as she sees my expression on my face when she started licking the knob. 

Too bad, no BBBJ. On with the dom and she sucks me off like a pro. The sad part is it was so great I blew my load within a few minutes! Like a wounded animal, I apologise for cumming so soon. She says in her broken english no problems. I lie on the bed as she starts to give me a massage.

With ten minutes left we decide to just cuddle and talk about life. Overall, good punt.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 11th May 2012, 11:14 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has this place had its license suspended?
Have heard it's been forced to close doors.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 15th May 2012, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: wicked
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's a change of ownership and they have to wait for their license to get approved!


Floor: #13
Post Time: 26th October 2015, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: spunkydion80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is now called  "THE NUMBER 1" The Number 1, formerly SouthSide X, Melbourne brothel | Welcome to elegance  9532 2666

Posting a review soon....


Floor: #14
Post Time: 26th October 2015, 04:41 PM
Poster ID: spunkydion80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monique

Establishment : The number 1

Date of Visit : 19/10/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : The Number 1, formerly SouthSide X, Melbourne brothel | Welcome to elegance

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 160 per 30minutes

Age : 30

Size/shape : size 10, small bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/Cauc slight euro look

Services Provided : DFK, FS, DATY, CBJ, Sensual GF experience

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was a bit skeptical to go to this place as I looked up the fees prior to going and its on the expensive side for the area. However i still paid a visit.. Once i entered, i was asked to hand over a non refundable $20 fee to meet the ladies which would be taken off my booking fee, i seemed confused as i have never encountered this before.. The lady at the front was a bit presumptive and said don't worry i grantee you will book a lady... (she was right)
I meet 5 Caucasian ladies all under 35ish, and all very much bookable, I was tossing up between a young early 20s Canadian hottie or a a sexy 30 something dark haired, blue eyed beauty.. I chose the older sexy brunette with killer eyes and a great smile and chirpy attitude, Monique...   One thing i realized is that all the ladies offer the whole GF package with the booking fee. Not one mentioned extras. So i guess its all factored into the price..  
Paid my remaining money and was escorted upstairs to a room. Monique has such a lovely attitude so friendly and easy to talk too.. Gorgeous tanned body and slight curves, small titties but beautiful as they are.. Started to undress her, was very very sensual which i love.. All services were included in fee, lots of passionate kissing, (she did have a bit of cigarette smoke taste but got over that quickly with the sensuality of the service) DATY for like 5minutes which i loved allowed me to lick her all over whilst her hands caressed me.  She seemed to enjoy it a lot, she said she was cumming and gyrated and wiggled a whole bunch but who knows if she did, regardless it got me going..   
Lots of positions missionary, doggy, cowgirl, was all amazing whilst passionately kissing and touching her and her touching me.. Came on the buzzer, but she was happy to lye there for another few minutes and chatted, she seemed to really enjoy it.. Well so did i!!  Was def a great service and she is one that seems to enjoy what she does..
Overall loved seeing her, loved that all was inclusive in price and will def visit again.. maybe to see that cute young Canadian hottie next...  
D


Floor: #15
Post Time: 27th April 2018, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: peterpanpan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Camille

Establishment : Number 1

Date of Visit : Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :1 Joel Court  Moorabbin 
The Number 1, formerly SouthSide X, Melbourne brothel | Welcome to elegance

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 180 per 30 mins

Age : 25

Size/shape : latina size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : latina

Services Provided : fs

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)



Ended up with Cammile, a south american booty gal

We chatted, played with each other, then things got heated..

She has one of those latina asses with the g string tan line.... It was like my birthday!

Reverse cowgirl was just phenomenal, I spun her around as i had to hammer this nail!

I ended up finishing over her little titties, she was such a sport about it!

Cleaned up just before the buzzer, 
Shower and then left.

Wished her the best and walked out with jelly legs :P


