Thread Title: Venue Babes, 41 Downard St, Braeside -  9580-5456
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2017, 02:52 PM
Poster ID: marsian
Post Title: 
 Venue Babes, 41 Downard St, Braeside -  9580-5456
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Beckey

Establishment : Venus Babes

Date of Visit : 24th Jun 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : venusbabes

Hours of Business : Check website

Rates : min $65 per 15 min

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : tall and nice shape (B Cup) and light pink tit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australia

Services Provided : CBJ & FS

Value for money/recommend? : So So

My experience/comments : 

Went there last week to try this new establishment. been there few times but no girl that suit my taste. Called them this time and was told a new girl name beckey come with good body and young. Went there after work and straight booked her for 20 mins. Nice room and setup.. everything seem new and smell good as well. She led me to the room and checked my penis head to make sure I am free from STD. Proceed to shower and she came in. Straight put on condom without much GFE and talk. 

Since my brother is still sleeping, she gave me CBJ for 10 mins but still half awake. She keep pushing for FS but my bro refused to stand firm.. after few mins trying I asked her to kiss and suck my nipple to stimulate my little bro. after few attempts she decided to continue CBJ and before the time up, I blew my load on CBJ. Overall good looking and body but lack of initiative... no GFE at all and I will go back to Venue but try other girl.. anyway for that price, I have no complaint. 

Will try other girls next round.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th October 2017, 07:26 AM
Poster ID: Blowjob69
Post Title: 
 Shae
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shae

Establishment : Venus Babes 

Date of Visit : 7/10/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 41 Downard st Braeside Vic 03 9580-5456  Melbourne Brothel - Venus Babes 

Hours of Business : Sun-Thurs 10am-2am,Fri-Sat 10am till late

Rates : 15mins $65,30mins, $120,45mins $155 60 mins $180

Age : early 40's

Size/shape : 10 b cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : Cbj F/S

Value for money/recommend? : no doesn"t allow Daty or Doggie wrinkly body loose pussy (Had 15mins $65)

 Nice Establishment  did into with 4 ladies all aussie chose Shae blonde  early to mid 40 's slim body had shower  nice room Shae comes in i'm laying naked on bed she strips off to reveal b size tits bit wrinkly body starts with playing with willie to get hard slips on condom with mouth then sucks away but not really feel anything pretty average cbj then i mount her in Missonary & pumping away but pussy very loose so i lose my hardness she gets willie hard again then jumps on cowgirl  felt a bit better but stil not turning me on  then  more cbj but was doing nothing for me takes off comdom & gives hand relieve which made me cum summing up very disappointing time with Shae  wont choise her again I might go back for Terri who looked prerty good 
My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)S


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st May 2019, 08:45 PM
Poster ID: qUbsee
Post Title: 
 Venus babes - Braeside
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pixie

Establishment : Venus Babes - Braeside

Date of Visit : 19/5/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : venusbabes.com.au

Phone :(03) 9580 5456 
Hours of Business : varies 
Rates : Cheap $65 for 15 minutes

Age : Claims 21 - which is proably right

Size/shape : 16 curvy type

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS, standard - did offer kissing, FIV for extra

Value for money/recommend? : Cheap -  but probably won't go there again

My experience/comments : Had the intro in the small rooms, and was greeted by mainly a bunch of tired older woman. Pixie popped out, and seems the freshest of the bunch and was new to the venue. Nice girl, but in the room she talked a lot about guys doing dodgy things to her. (pulling condoms off, asking her to take drugs etc) which I really didn't want to hear back.

Appeared to be very submissive type, and obliging asking what I wanted from her - anyway got down to business and upon insertion and a few pumps a terrible smell drifted out which was extremely off-putting. Had her doggy style, and genuinely closed my eyes and pumped away till I came.

Was quick to rush out, and didn't wait for the chit chat - to be honest really put me off going to some of these lower quality establishments where the girls in this instance reflect the price range.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th June 2019, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: kryonickick
Post Title: 
 Kiki - Venusbabes
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki

Establishment : Venus Babes

Date of Visit : 3/5/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Venus Babes 41 Downard Street, Braeside, VIC Melbourne Brothel - Venus Babes

Phone : (03) 9580 - 5456

Hours of Business : 
Sunday — Thursday
10:00am - 2:00am

Friday & Saturday
10:00am - Late


 Rates :

LADIES10 Minute (Oral) $60
15 Minute $65
20 Minute $80
30 Minute $120
45 Minute $155
60 Minute $180


 Age : Mid 30s 

Size/shape : 22/BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : GFE/ANAL/FISTING/TOYS/ROLE PLAY - though I went for PSE/Roleplay

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Went to see Kiki as I saw her profile on the venusbabes website advise that she offered a taboo roleplay service/PSE which is something on my punting bucket list. Before booking her, I did have the chance to chat with her before hand and she was very warm and friendly and was not at all put off by my request and upon confirming my session with her for 45 minutes @ $155 plus $50 for roleplay she led me to the room and asked if she should return in character to which I agreed.

 Though not my first punt back after almost 7 years, all of my punts since my return have been at Venus Babes given its discreet location and modern amenities - I've commented on more than one occasion to the WL how good it is to have a shower with good water pressure.

 Off to the shower and onto the bed after drying off I eagerly await Kiki's return. She does not disappoint, slipping into character and leaving me speechless as to how to respond. She approaches while teasing me before getting me hard by hand before slipping on a condom and sucking my cock while talking dirty. 

 She then takes off her top and hops on the bed next to me urging me to fondle and suck her large breasts and finger her pussy.
 This goes on for a few minutes mixed in with DFK before she hops on top and rides me while moaning loudly.

 We switch positions and do missionary for a bit before she strokes me to a finish while she encourages me to continue fingering and fondling her.

 Despite my shyness in approaching such a roleplay for the first time. She carried out the session with great enthusiasm. I will definitely need to go back and see her again to try a similar roleplay scenario. .


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th June 2019, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: kryonickick
Post Title: 
 Zoe - Venusbabes
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoe

Establishment : Venus Babes

Date of Visit : 8/6/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Venus Babes 41 Downard Street, Braeside, VIC Melbourne Brothel - Venus Babes

Phone : (03) 9580 - 5456

Hours of Business : 
Sunday — Thursday
10:00am - 2:00am

Friday & Saturday
10:00am - Late


 Rates :
60 minutes - $180

 Age : Mid 30s 

Size/shape : 14/Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : GFE though honestly what she gave me was PSE - no complaints!

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Went in hoping to catch Shay but she was in another booking but ended up staying with Zoe for an hour instead off the back of her introductions. She advised that her service was GFE and at the time that is what I was after. I booked a session with her for 1 hour no extras.

 She leads me to the room and I shower and she returns while I'm drying off to do the health check. I do prefer that the health checks are done in this order as it gives those of us who punt after work or fresh from other activities a chance to get nice and clean for our chosen WLs.

 Health check complete she leads me to the bed and asks me what brings me in to punt today. "Stress" I reply, "work and home".

 She reassures me that by the time she's done with me I will be totally relaxed and with that, grabs an ultrathin condom and proceeds to give me one of the best CBJs I've ever had while engaging me in dirty talk and deep throating. Honestly, it was unlike any GFE I have had (paid or not!). 

 Stopping so I could catch my breath she lays beside me and we engage in DFK while I fondle and suck on her breasts before she pushes me down and rides me.

 We attempt doggy but unfortunately as she is taller than I am, it proves a bit difficult so she has me lay down on the bed again and resumes CBJ but this time it is more like facefucking with the intensity she is delivering. Though I normally greatly enjoy CBJ, I have rarely been able to finish from it and Zoe is one of a few WLs to have been able to do so.

 After cleaning off we cuddle and chat before she gives me a decent back rub before time is up, shower is had and she walks me down the hall giving me a peck on the cheek and asking me to come back again to see her.

 Would definitely have another session with her given her level of service and her fun and friendly demeanour.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th May 2020, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: imtyong
Post Title: 
 Pixie Styx
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pixie Styx 

Establishment : Venus Babes

Date of Visit : February 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Melbourne Brothel - Venus Babes

Phone : 0395805456

Hours of Business : 12pm-12am

Rates : $200/hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : Full-figured

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service, CBJ, HJ, Toys on her, Light Kissing, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Second time visiting Pixie as she ticked off the boxes of kissing, daty and watching use toys on herself the last time was great. After the health check and shower, had the usual small talk for a bit  then got straight to business. A good cbj followed and this time she allowed for me to use her toys on her, never done that before so that was fun. That led to a good mutual masturbation and that got us both off. After resting, had some good chats with her as per usual as she is an intelligent young lady. Went for round two with a few positions, doggy was best as the room has mirrors everywhere. Not a time watcher even though she was in a brothel.


