Thread Title: Westminster Secrets -  38 Westminster St, Oakleigh - 03 9568 2362
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th May 2010, 07:55 PM
Poster ID: mrp
Post Title: 
 Westminster Secrets -  38 Westminster St, Oakleigh - 03 9568 2362
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Westminster Secrets - Sarena

Contact Details/Address: 38 Westminster Street, Oakleigh, 3166

Prices: 1 hr - $165

Age: early 30's

Size/shape: tall, curvy, D cup not too chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity: Peruvian

Services: DATY, 69

Value for money/recommend Yes

My experience:

Popped in to see who is new, had been a while. Usual mixed bag, some asian girls who are a bit older than some other ones near by. Some other very old timers and then there was Sarena.

Early 30's dark skinned Peruvian lady with nice boobs (d?) and great smile. Curvy bordering on too plump and a nice waxed pussy.

Booked for an hour and there was not a lot of chat, no DFK, but plenty of DATY & 69. 

She didn't appear to be interested in providing massage, i think she wanted more DATY and 69 which was fine with me. Round two she was a lot more assertive but in a good way going from cowgirl to reverse because that's what she wanted!

The booking went quick and twice over was out the door

works Tuesdays but also some other days. Would definitely consider going back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th September 2010, 01:09 PM
Poster ID: broke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Westminster Secrets is nothing flash, in fact it's your basic brothel.

One quirk it does have:  There is this glassed off viewing area, if they have only one girl available or if the usual lounge is occupied.  Out pops the WL from behind reception and they stand there in the glass area.  It's crap.  You cant really talk 

Laylah

Late 20's Early 30's
Chubby and on the large side of chubby
Sri Lankan, my guess I have no idea
Short
Pierced Nose
No Tatts
Showers Good with embroidered towels

Given that I booked for 30 mins, I really have no idea if Laylah is any good.
Nice CBJ
Nice Mish
Nice SL on Top

All in all, it was quite nice

Yep, i'd go back to WS, its cheap, convenient and doesnt pretend to be anything else


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th December 2010, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: KK1981
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kylie

Establishment: Westminster secrets

Contact Details/Address: 38 Westminster St, Oakleigh

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: about 85

Age: 29

Size/shape: 12, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services: FS

Value for money/recommend?: ymmv

My experience/comments: 

i seem to jump the gun on the review, her body shape would be a size 12 and she was possibly Aussie. This was a while back and it was one of the best value services I had in ages. Unfortunaly Kyle said she is quitting the business, but hopefully she might make another stint some time. If anyone knows if she is working elsewhere, please let me know


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th January 2011, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: tifino
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
RE: Broke's post of September.

From what I could gather, Layla's Egyptian.

 I too was wondering and had at first asked what part of India she came from.
Chubby but cuddly, and during intro, and up till her dress was peeled off, her build was well hidden. The hint were her boobies, which had near to "E" cleavage bulging over the top of her bra-line, which turned out to be the softest set of darkish "C"s I've encountered since Rhiannon at WS.

Ask about the daty next time - is good!, and need the hour to take her all in.

I don't mind big tummy girls now that I have seen the light.

The fish-bowl window experience is the only one I know of in Melb, though popular in Thailand.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th January 2011, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: tifino
Post Title: 
 Westminster - Rhiannon - Nov 10
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Rhiannon

Establishment (if applicable): Westminster Secrets

Contact Details/Address:38 Westminster St Oakleigh

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $185

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: slim size 6 to 8, very fit looking

Nationality or Ethnicity: Barbados, West Indian background

Services: GFE, massage, FS, DATY, CBJ, HJ, conversationalist but in a nice way, she remembers your name!

Value for money/recommend?: exceptional experience with a service far exceeding what I ever expected from the suburbs.

My experience/comments: 

   I've just headed out east from the city, & realised it was Monday. Looked at my car clock & realised i still had time! Rhiannon will be on, but she usually finishes off about 6pm. Made the call, & yes she will be free - yay!
    So I enjoyed the rest of the freeway crush, knowing who was there waiting for me at the end of this journey.

Rhiannon comes out of the corridor, and into the TV waiting room. She flowed in, and I wafted up from the couch and floated out after her. She has that effect you know. If you havent met her, she has the looks and style comparable to the African model - Ajak Deng.

She's got upstairs ready while waiting for me to arrive, & the room has been cooled. Gonna appreciate that very soon.

As described, Rhiannon is a specimen of west indian perfection. So we started with a kiss, & her choclate lips simply melted around me. Self control is needed here, as Rhiannon doesnt DFK, and my lips and tongue are now balancing at the edge of the abyss,    not daring to jump in as I don't want to blow the chance of continuing this welcoming experience. Could have spent the hour with those lips, but they arent the only ones on my mind.

I turn her over and, using just my tongue, take the long way down to her pleasure spot, way down there! I am tongue massaging her from top to bottom, and she starts shivering, and curling up. 
I lift my head. 
"No! don't stop I'm enjoying this" she quickly says, so I go back to my task at hand (at tongue). I get down to my target, eventually. Rhiannon's curling up ends up with her having turned around, as she is reading herself for a groovy 69 session. We explore all the grooves.  

Rhiannons lithe dark frame starts to rock (well, she already rocks! but this reaction is memorable), She's heaving, but able to restrain herself from moaning too loudly, which means we get to keep this all to ourselves.

And can she cum. whoah!

Somehow I didnt yet myself, but the little one, he's ready for some action. Her fantastic pink lips swallow him up as she jumps on, and starts her trademark motion of doing the best little black cowgirl in the east.
Lucky I had an hour as I had her bucking for quite a while. Neither of us were in a hurry to get to the end, so we both lapped this up.
Eventually I get the condom pregnant as the little one explodes. Rhiannon already had, just a few moments before.

Clean-up time gets done, as Rhiannon hopes to have a little time left over to squeeze a quickie appointment in if someone else is downstairs waiting before she goes home too.
Coming downstairs was interesting, as we were walking down on legs like jelly after that session.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th February 2011, 11:21 AM
Poster ID: nok8310
Post Title: 
 First Review, Charmaine at West Minster Secrets
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Charma or Sharon, hard to tell given the receptionist was a fairly decent looking sth american? babe (mature) with a great accent. Would have been inclined to book the receptionist if she was free.

Establishment :West Minster Secrets

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Westminster Secrets, 38 Westminister St, Oakleigh VIC

Hours of Business: 10am - Late, 7 Days

Rates: 20mins $80, 30mins $110, 45mins, $145 approx, 1hr, $180 approx

Age: Early 20's

Size/shapeescribed size 8 but leaning more to 10.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Indian

Services Provided: Straight sex, oral both ways

Value for money/recommend?: Recommended if you don't mind a less experienced girl.

My experience/comments: 

Walked into W/Minster secrets and there was another asian guy waiting to see the line up, then walked in another bloke asking about "the new indian girl". Great, now I'm going to have to leave or wait longer. Lucky for me, the asian guy left and she was all mine. Went for half hour, new girl, try her out first. Fairly shy but talkative, not very experienced in the bedroom. Started off with asking me if I wanted a tug, "Yeah, no probs". Had enough of that, sensing she was nervous told her to lie down while I explore. Sucked on her tits then made my way down for some DATY. Now, funny thing happened here. She ended up cumming, thought it was embarassing, then decided she needed to have a shower. Um, okay, sure!! Decided I wasn't going to go through with banging her so opted for a blow job to completion instead. Rather surpised she gave good head. Just as I was about to cum she took it out and watched it spurt with interest. Hmmm, not good for me, prefer stimulation while I'm exploding nonetheless, happy to be your science project. haha!! In all, probably wouldn't go back for her but not a bad experience  nonetheless.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 13th February 2011, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: nok8310
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BTW, saw her on a Tuesday afternoon. Not sure what her roster is other than Tuesday day/evening.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th April 2011, 12:36 PM
Poster ID: pchen64
Post Title: 
 First Review of busty lady
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Donna

Establishment :Westminster Secrets

Date of Visit:1 April 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 38 Westminster St Oakleigh

Hours of Business: Visited 1.30PM

Rates:$80 for 20 minutes

Age:30's

Size/shape: Size 12, EE bust

Nationality or Ethnicity: European

Services Provided: Massage, tit fucking

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: I was in need of a quick session (20 mins) while waiting for my car to be fixed around the corner. Very friendly reception staff. I called beforehand to make an appointment and was told Donna was the most appropriate lady, given I was looking for a big breast experience. 
Upon arrival I was introduced to Donna who took me directly to an upstairs room. Quick shower and Donna returned within a couple of minutes. Donna has a wicked sense of humour which makes relaxing into the session very easy. Got immediately into breast play with handjob. We then switched to tit fucking, which then ended with a powerful cum over her breasts. Would defintely recommend Donna and will b e returning for a lengthier session in the future.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th April 2011, 04:46 AM
Poster ID: ryancolt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Paris

Establishment :Westminster Secret

Date of Visit:Many, last is 18th April 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:38 westminster st, 3166 Oakleigh

Hours of Business: have no idea

Rates:$110 for half an hour

Age: early 20s

Size/shape: 8, very nice body with great tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity:aussie

Services Provided: cbj, massage n fullservice

Value for money/recommend?: Very recommended

My experience/comments: I came there for the first time last February. Enter the premise and met with 5 ladies. 1 girl caught my attention. Her name is Paris. Look very young compared to the other. Shes my taste since Im 20s, dont like older lady. So, had the most amzing sex I ever had with a stranger. Dont need to explain the detail of the sex as I do got back there once a week since is enough to explain the X-factor that Paris got. 

p/s she got the best blowjob in the world!!! I almost cum during the first time she do me the blowjob.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 9th July 2011, 02:37 PM
Poster ID: skirtsniffer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : kathy

Establishment : Westminster secrets

Date of Visit : multiple

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9568 5937

Hours of Business :  

Rates : 180 ph?


Kathy is the only girl I see at WS. She doesn't do any unsafe services or anything that kinky but what she has is a great attitude. She is a redhead but wears a blonde wig. Her pubes are bright red though! She is 36 and a single mum from what I can gather. Her body is quite nice for her age and her Tits are quite pert. Our sessions always include oral and rimming on her. Treat her right and you won't be sorry


Floor: #11
Post Time: 10th November 2011, 09:33 AM
Poster ID: mr_average
Post Title: 
 38 Westminster St Oakleigh 9568 5937
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rianna

Establishment : Westminster Secrets

Date of Visit : 7/10/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 155/45mins

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : Petite, toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : West Indian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Great value / Highly recommended and this was a return visit
My experience/comments : A year ago, I decided to try this establishment and decided to wait for Rianna, as there were other girls on, but wanted to try a dark skinned lady as I had never been with one before.

When she arrived for her shift, I was blown away by her body shape and she is definitely attractive.  I told her I was glad I waited for her as she was gorgeous, and she replied, "You don't have to make stuff up, I'm going to still fuck you."  So, she speaks her mind and says it how it is.  She got me so worked up that I came early in the session.

This time, she told me she remembered me from before.  I had a shower and we chatted a bit.  I gave her a massage (she had a sore back, and I'm a therapist, so I'd prefer to get her pain free and limber before we started).  That led to one thing after another, until she went for the condom.  She gave me a fantastic BJ, and because she made me come so quickly last time, I tried my best to savour her tongue and lips, but when it was getting to clost to bear, I told her I'd prefer to cool down a bit then get inside.

She got on top so I could relax a bit, and rode me 'til she had an orgasm.  The whole experience was very intimate and close. We then went at it in missionary, and when she turned round for me to enter from behind, I almost came at just the sight of that perfect behind.  The feel as I re-entered was amazing and goes down as one of the best sex sessions I've ever had.

She did not take the massage I gave her as being on the clock and was very generous with her time.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 14th December 2011, 10:27 PM
Poster ID: BourbonBoy
Post Title: 
 Westminster Secrets - Rhiannon - Quality session
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Rhiannon 

Establishment :   Westminster Secrets

Date of Visit :   Dec 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   

Hours of Business :    

Rates :   175/hour

Age :   30

Size/shape :   Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Jamaican/English

Services Provided :   FS

Value for money/recommend? :   Value for money and highly recommended

My experience/comments : Westminster Secrets provided a good clean room with quality shower. Add Rhiannon to that mix and you are in for a high quality session. All this for $175 for the hour is damn hard to beat in my experience.

After the regulatory shower Rhiannon provided a nice long slow covered BJ. She then mounted me on top finding her spot after a while and then she went to town. There was no stopping her until she came. The feeling of her contracting vagina and shaking legs brought a smile to my face. 

Then she gave 120% attention to me. We explored a number of positions and the highlight was watching white on black in the mirror. She found my weakness and would not stop playing with my balls even when I was fucking her from behind. Unable to take anymore I eventually blew my load.

Just as an aside she does like a chat particularly if you inadvertantly say something of interest to her.

All in all a really quality session. Rhiannon is very hot and knows how to spoil you.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 12th June 2012, 11:16 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 Westminster Secrets - Lisa
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Westminster Secrets, Lisa

Contact Details/Address: 38 Westminster Street, Oakleigh - 9568 2362

Hours of Business: I think 10 till late (?)

Prices: $120 / 30min

Age: around 30

Size/shape: slim / petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: FS 

Value for money/recommend?: You bet!!

My experience/comments:

 Dropped in to Westminster Secrets one Saturady recently and introduced to a few chicks but Lisa caught my eye. Slim, long dark hair, very pretty. Just how I like them In the room, after my shower, we lay on the bed and kissed and wow, her tongue really probed my mouth (lucky I'd gargled with Listerine that morning). Could have done this for hours but I had only booked for 30minutes so was anxious to move things along a bit. Started with a massage that eventually led to her playing with my balls and rod. I turned and gently fingered her clit and lips while she  worked my cock. I asked her apply a rubber and she began a slow but deft CBJ. I'm not big on CBJ so got her to start by mounting me. The sight of her sliding down over my cock was almost enough to make me blow there and then. Switched to mish, with me standing by bed and her on her back with me holding her legs. I don't know how she did it (must have great muscle control) but it felt like she was massaging my cock with her pussy. All too much for me and, in  a matter of minutes, I had delivered my load.

Great session but a little rushed because of the 30min time frame. My fault.

WIR? Yes sir! But next time I'll be staying an hour (at least).


Floor: #14
Post Time: 20th August 2012, 06:53 AM
Poster ID: mr_average
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Westminster Secrets, Cindy

Contact Details/Address: 38 Westminster Street, Oakleigh - 9568 2362

Age: 28

Size/shape: slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: FS 

Value for money/recommend?: It was ok

My experience/comments:

Was working out WS way Sunday arvo, so rang to see who is on.  There was a 19yo Sudanese girl, several others and a Korean girl names Cindy.  I remembered a great review of a Korean girl, and so after work, I rang to book either the Sudanese or K-girl.  The Sudanese girl had already finshed her shift (this was around 3:30 in the afternoon) so I booked an hour with Cindy.

Arrived and was shown into the room by Cindy, the first room on the left past reception.  She told me to shower and would be back.  The shower took forever to get hot and she came back in as I was drying.  She forgot something so excused herself and the door was still open leaving me exposed to anyone walking past.  Each time she came in, she remembered something else and this happened about four or five times.  So after stepping into the shower at 4:45, she was finally ready around 5:00.  She was very friendly and warm and easy to talk to.

She started with a massage, but I could tell quickly she was uncomfortable, not with me but with some pain, so I asked her if I could help.  Spent the next 15 mins getting her out of pain and she was very happy.  She told me to lie on my back and started to lick and kiss me from the groin to the left nipple, spending time on it, then down to the groin, back up to the right nipple and this time she was gently biting it as well, which surprisingly felt really nice.  Back down to the groin the up to my belly button which she licked out.  Never had that before.  Can't say it was a turn on.  She grabbed a condom and put it on with her mouth and gave a pretty decent CBJ.  Now, I'm really not one to appreciate when they use their teeth, but she was using them constructively to gently bite in a massaging style and it was actually quite nice.  Never had that before.  She really put a lot of effort into the BJ and then climbed on for cowgirl.  As she was riding, I asked her if I came soon, would she be OK to try for round two, and she said of course.  I check these days as I've wanted to go round two on another but it wasn't on.  We went at it in this position and I thought, fuck it, I'm going for two rounds today and didn't try to control my orgasm, but just as I was about to unleash, she pushed back and held me there just as I was wanting to push forward to maximise my orgasm.  Oh well.  Try again

She asked if I wanted to try straight away or rest.  I said rest a couple of minutes.  So we chatted.  She's 28, works about 6hrs on Sunday and the rest as a waitress during the week.  She's only been in the game about 3 months.  She said she will get me hard again and starts the exact same routine all over again.  As she's sucking me back to attention, two things flash up in my mind.  The first is, "LISA" quickly followed by "SATURDAY".  Yep, I'd remembered the review all wrong.  I was thinking of Lisa who works on Saturdays when I made the booking.  Damn!!

Once back to attention, we went at it missionary, then doggy.  She was really helpful and encouraging, but with no kissing, or DATY during the session, I didn't think I was going to cross the line a second time.  I mentioned that around 5:44 and she turned around and said, "Good timing as I was going to ask you to stop in a minute anyway" and glanced at the clock.  Although I was hard and enjoying the sex, it was clear that a second shot was a while away, so I jumped in the shower and once again waited for eternity to get some hot water.

I felt that since she wasn't ready until 5:00 that the session should have started then, not to mention the time I spent on her shoulder and back, which is a grey area of course as to time.  She explained that it was the end of her shift and she had to go home to cook.  Hmmm


Floor: #15
Post Time: 9th June 2013, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: fuck kambi
Post Title: 
 Serena-Westminister secrets
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Serena

Establishment : Westminister secrets

Date of Visit : 5 june2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03-95682362

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 200 per hour

Age : 31-35

Size/shape : slim and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Srilankan

Services Provided :CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments : Went to westminister all girls were in booking and only serena was available,she was tall and busty so chose her had shower and waited,serena came to room and undressed and lay down on bed,I started playing with her nipples which was quite big.after that she gave an oral which was ok.then had sex which was so mechnical.she was so mechanical and she wont put any effort.I wouldnt recommend her.


Thread Title: Westminster Secrets -  38 Westminster St, Oakleigh - 03 9568 2362
Floor: #16
Post Time: 5th July 2013, 03:51 AM
Poster ID: uwish
Post Title: 
 Chantelle
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chantelle

Establishment : Westminster Secrets

Date of Visit : 3/07/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Oakleigh

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $180 an hour

Age : Mid 40s

Size/shape : E cup bbw

Nationality or Ethnicity : South American

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Very much

My experience/comments :If you are into bigger girls chantelle is well worth a visit.  She has a killer body.  Her skin is so soft, and tits that you just cant leave alone.  Most importantly shes actually good fun to stay with.  Her service is fairly basic but i sure left satisfied..


Floor: #17
Post Time: 6th August 2013, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: jpowyeah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Estelle

Establishment : Westminster Secrets

Date of Visit : July 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Oakleigh

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $180 an hour

Age : Mid 30s

Size/shape : Slim, D Cup bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie blonde

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and Yes

My experience/comments :

Popped in here a few weeks ago now, for a visit one evening. Met a bunch of awesome looking ladies, 3 or 4 of which I would have stayed with 
(sorry dont remember names). 
Picked Estelle - as described above ... mid 30's, great bolt on tits, friendly attitude. 

Up in the room wasn't disappointed! Decent CBJ, daty, various positions for FS - missionary, doggy, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl. 
Got my over the line twice in 45mins. 

Will be back for sure, though may try one of the other hotties next time just cos I can!


Floor: #18
Post Time: 17th October 2014, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: Shark67
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rebecca

Establishment : Westminster Secrets

Date of Visit : 08/10/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Westminster Secrets | Melbourne brothel | Melbourne escort service

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 45 mins - $160

Age : late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : Big Girl - size 16 | Tall red head | C Cup | Completely shaven | Tattooed pussy | pale white skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Pommie

Services Provided : FS, Spanking, CBJ, DATY, Physical Hard Fucking 

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : 

I like this place. Purpose built. Clean. EFTPOS, off street parking and the staff don't pressure you. Rooms and showers are clean.

Usually a selection of Caucasian girls with the odd Sth American, West Indian and Asian girl. A truly multi cultural line up. Standards are generally very good.

I had a hard on that wouldn't go away so I committed to Rebecca on an evening where the line up was lame. Rebecca is a tall big girl with red hair. Lovely soft spoken nature and she dresses like she is a cast member from a Harry Potter movie .... a bit Goth. She isn't great looking and her size makes her look awkward. She works at the local S & M  place Fetish House and is a submissive there. Not busy at fetish house so she does a few shifts here. 

She was actually a bit shy and I said to her would she prefer to be a submissive today and I take the lead? She was so cool with this.

She stripped and as a I said she is a bit awkward looking. She is tattooed just above her pussy so this girl likes pain.

If you are into hard core fucking this girl is great. After eating her nipples she stroked me and got me hard. CBJ soon became gagging and throating as she took a good mouth fucking. She is the real deal .... a real submissive. I grabbed that long red head and had her jack hammer me with her mouth. Spit was going everywhere but she was a pro and wanted to satisfy me like a true submissive.

Got into the bed in doggie position. Started gentle slapping but she wanted it harder. They would have heard the slapping throughout the building and she took a good machine gun fucking whilst I pulled her hair. This girl loved being treated physically. 

Turned her over and got her to gag on my cock again.

Went down on her DATY - cleanly shaven but this girl has flaps - big ones too. She went nuts with DATY and she could not stop groaning and squirming. Then fucked missionary. She's not flexible - bit awkward but she took a good hard pounding and let me choke before i blew my load.

Not a good looker but great in the bed and a wonderful gentle lady.

Strictly for the discerning gentleman up for a workout - with a very average scenery 

Probably wont see her again cause I love my Barbie Dolls but if you want something a bit different ......


Floor: #19
Post Time: 22nd July 2015, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: ronnie869
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Subin and Nancy come highly recommended if you're after an african girl. i'm hoping to lock in a session soon with Subin.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 11th January 2016, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: jeff.jones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Honey

Establishment : Westminster Secrets

Date of Visit : jan 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Westminster Secrets | Melbourne brothel | Melbourne escort service  38 Westminster Street Oakleigh, Melbourne

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 1/2 $110

Age : late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : slim, size 10, short blonde hair, pretty tall at 5'10 

Nationality or Ethnicity :  

Services Provided : BJ 

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : 

Clean place, 4 girls on, 

Went in, health check, shower, she came back into room, straight into BJ, wet, sloppy, no cover, not a fan of that bit. 

She was OK, will get back one day for another go.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 19th November 2017, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For lovers of african girls a girl from Kenya named Nancy gave one hell of a good service to a customer on a rival site. She is 25 the usual 5 foot 7 or above, a trait very prominent with  African girls.  They are slowly becoming very popular in rnt's and brothels.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 19th September 2018, 11:59 PM
Poster ID: glasstop1
Post Title: 
 Westminster Secrets, Oakleigh, Vic - 9568 2362
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Chantelle
Date of visit: July
Weblink: Westminster Secrets | Melbourne brothel | Melbourne escort service
Rates: $200/hour
Age: 40-50
Size/shape: 12-16
Nationality: Caucasian
Services provided: Full service
Value for money/recommended: Yes


My experience/comments:


I've stayed with Chantelle a few times over the years. She is, I would guess, in her 40s, quite short, with huge natural tits and a firm round ass, and full figured.


She is always friendly and welcoming and seems to enjoy what she does.


We started with some kissing until she put a condom on and began giving me a blowjob. I quickly asked her to sit on my face as well which she obliged, and she grinded her pussy into my tongue while she quickly sucked me to completion.


After a break where we made small talk and felt each other up she put another condom on and rode me while I played with her tits. We changed to doggy until I came a second time. Both were great views.


I've never had a bad time with Chantelle, who is great to be around, caring in her service, and with more than enough curves to get lost in.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 7th April 2020, 11:18 AM
Poster ID: Lukey999
Post Title: 
 Westminster Secrets - Flame Feb 2020
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Flame

Establishment : Westminster Secrets

Date of Visit : Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 38 Westminster St, Oakleigh VIC 3166

Phone :(03) 9568 2362

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $90 15 Min

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Curvy/ Voluptuous

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Great Value for Money. Would recommend.

My experience/comments : Have always had mixed experiences at this venue. There is a mix of girls who offer a great service for no extra's charged and those who do. Flame looks great for someone in their 40's, she's got a very hot eastern european look with busty cleavage and a very nice personality. I was in a rush so it was only a 15 min booking but that didn't take away form the experience. Into the room and straight into DFK and touching all over, very nice. Then she dropped the dress and bent over for some DATY, which was fantastic! Great covered BJ with lots of eye contact and noise and then into multiple sex positions. If it sounds rushed, it was, due to my 15 min booking and that's what I wanted. Everything I asked she was obliging too and she was more than happy to let me finish all over her tits, again with plenty of eye contact! All in all a great session and I look forward to booking her again when the brothels open up again! I'll also add that she's definitely not overweight but nice and curvy (The good kind of curvy) with a great set of legs.


