Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th August 2019, 10:38 PM
Poster ID: mrm
Post Title: 
 Sutherland Shire Relax Massage 6/29-31 East Parade
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kimmy

Establishment : Sutherland Shire Massage

Date of Visit : 28/8/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/29-31 East Parade Sutherland

Phone :0410 666 828

Hours of Business : 1000AM- 730PM

Rates : $35 for 30 Minutes Extra $50 for Naked HJ, Extra $70 for Naked HJ, CBJ

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim, tight, lovely body, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Firm strong Massage, Naked, HJ, CBJ.......and DATY (But I may have just been lucky)

Value for money/recommend? : Some may say no because of total price, but I am a massive YES, really had a great time

My experience/comments : On a  whim, by accident found myself there with extra time on my hands, simply drove past and thought why not.

Was about 1130AM and Kimmy was only one on. Rooms are dingy, average, ok without being modern. Disposable cover sheet. External Toilets in upstairs common area just outside Entry

Walked in, requested half hour for $35. I like to ask straight off teh bat whether I pay for extra's now or later, so everyone is on board from the start lol
Offered $50 for naked HJ. I asked if there was anything else on offer, she was shy and coy at first and asked what else I wanted. I requested a BJ, she thought about it, and said covered? I said yep, she said extra $70, so $105. Paid and away we went

Started off with a strong and firm massage, felt great. Half way through went into the tickle and soft fingers, got the arousal and went to the flip

Condom went on, and an average BJ ensured, bit of teeth, so just ok. She was knelt between my legs so was just watching her go to work and and couldn't reach anything. I politely and softly asked if I could see her pussy while she did that so she giggled and climbed up in a 69 position, and gave me a view of a very beautiful cleanly shaven pussy.

I slowly rubbed the clit and worked a thumb inside slowly and gently she seemed to enjoy it but said "No I dont want to cum" I replied with a why not and id love to return the favour.....bit of back and forth, she would let me, then arch away, then let me then arch away again. She was getting wet....

I asked if she would like to lay down and let me taste her to repay the favour......she was thinking about it and said no, she didn't want to cum, I was more persuasive then usual, but stayed soft and calm and gentle in my voice. I offered to pay extra which she finally agreed to an extra 30. I am aware that yo can get FS for these prices, but I didn't want FS. So happy....

She laid on the table and let me go to down, she seemed to love it and at one point squeezed my head between her thighs and I could feel her orgasms and panting breath......it was a pretty amazing experience....I stood beside her, condom still on and hard, she turned her head and started sucking me while she stay layed down and me standing.....this is where her technique excelled, it was awesome, fast, sexy and just felt great....

The condom prolonged me and I started rubbing her clit again....I alternated between 2 fingers (super tight) and the clit, and i got harder and faster and she sucked harder and faster, and i got her over the line again.....her eyes watered and you could tell she couldn't believe she let i happen, but she enjoyed it.....I could tell she was tiring and I said she could rest lol....so she stayed laying down and started to wank me off, felt amazing, I said I was getting closer to cumming and where should i aim.....she just said on her body, anywhere, she will shower later......so sure enough she wanked me onto her tits and stomach as I stood beside her and capped off an amazing experience.

I genuinely think I got lucky, and it wasn't planned to pan out that way. I always try to be super respectful, kind and caring and i think it just clicked that day. Please treat Kimmy with respect, she was a very sweet girl.I even tipped her more then the 30 because it was one of the better experiences I have had ......


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th September 2019, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: hjchamp32
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Sutherland Shire Massage

Date of Visit : 06/9/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/29-31 East Parade Sutherland

Phone :0410 666 828

Hours of Business : 1000AM- 730PM

Rates : $35 for 30 Minutes Extra $50 for Naked HJ

Age : mid 40s

Size/shape : medium build enhanced D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Firm strong Massage, Naked, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : not really because of the age of the WL

My experience/comments : 

Visited here because Adelong was busy - only looking for a relaxing massage/HJ. Compared to Adelong st, it is expensive, Lisa was definately older. She did work hard to please and did a good massage and HJ. I think this place is an OK fallback, but with all the other options at sutherland, I leave it low on the list.


