Thread Title: Tia at 4 Gray St Sutherland
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd February 2017, 02:07 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: 
 Tia at 4 Gray St Sutherland
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tia

Establishment : Level 1, 4 Gray St. Sutherland

Date of Visit : Friday 27 January 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tel. 9545 6908

Hours of Business : 10.30am to 8.00pm

Rates : $35 massage plus $50 extras

Age : Early twenties

Size/shape : small/thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, fs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

To those that have been to this place on a regular basis know that it is a no nonsense establishment. You go there for a quick massage and a root.

The mamas an is a very pleasant lady, who also services clients when things are busy, and will look after you.

On this particular day when I rocked in all the girls were busy, but I was assured one would be available very soon.
No problem, I'll wait.

After about five minutes the mamasan came to get me and ushered me into one of the rooms, telling me that a "very good" girl would soon be in to see me.
When the girl entered the room I was pleasantly surprised. She looked very young, quite thin and her long dress modestly covered her thus it was not possible to ascertain her natural assets.
She introduced herself as Tia. I had not seen her here before thus I assumed she was one of the many girls who take turns, on different days, at working here.
I opted for the half hour massage and was asked if I would like the "extra" service as well. Yes, naturally.

Quickly I disrobed and lay on the table.
The massage that Tia offered was quite good and she paid particular attention to my neck and shoulders.

Time to turn over for the final part.
Tia disrobed to reveal a rather thin body, smallish breasts and lightly covered pussy.

On with the dom and into a cbj session.
Once my friend was fully erect, Tia positioned herself at the edge of the massage table, legs well apart and invited me in.
A few hearty thrusts and I was ready to finish.

A cleanup with tissues and wet towel and ready to resume my day's activities.
Always a good run at this place, no matter what girl you see.
The only downside is that there are no shower facilities. These would be very handy, particularly on hot days.


