Thread Title: Alessandra Madden - Adelaide - alessandramadden@gmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2014, 08:34 PM
Poster ID: Quokka
Post Title: 
 Alessandra Madden - Adelaide - alessandramadden@gmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alessandra Maddern

Establishment : Outcall. Adelaide. Frewville Motor inn

Date of Visit : June 17th

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : alessandramadden@gmail.com

Hours of Business : 10 til 3 pm ( But check)

Rates : $250 hour

Age : 26

Size/shape : shapley size 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian/Irish

Services Provided : GFE, CBJ, Daty, DFK Massage

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes most defnintly

  What can I saw about Alessandra that has already been said? This girl is rarer than one in a million.

 I was drawn to Alessandra through another site. Contacted her and it all progressed from there

 .
 Easy to talk to, we arranged a play date.
 Can't believe the effort that Alessandra  went to to get us together. She booked and payed for the motel,( a  little motel on Fullarton rd Glen Osmond, nothing special, just a bed in  a run down hotel) I did offer to pay.

 Also I was a new client, so the risk factor for her was high; I must   have said or done the right things for her to go out on a limb. I still   can't believe she did it.
 Anyway we meet at the motel. I'm a newbie who enjoys talking to the ladies as it calms my nerves.
 Not going to go into a detailed blow by blow version of events. Loved  the French, going down on her, think I was granted a pass mark in that  respect, Alessandra enjoyed it. Was my usually all thumbs in trying to  get her Bra off, so she beat me to it.
 I will admit I'm not a breast man, but Alessandra's are the best  examples I've ever handled, and when she is getting into it she loves to  have her nipples played with.

 Having her ride on top, and watching her as she reached the top of  the  mountain is blissful, if possible it seems to get even more intense.  I  followed shortly thereafter, thoroughly satisfied.
 I actually think I could spend Hours just kissing and cuddling her. Her GFE is the best
 So thank you Alessandra, I want to see you again soon.

 I did tell Alessandra she was the best sex I've ever had, not sure she believed me.
 Cannot recommend her highly enough, but would prefer you all go somewhere else as want to keep her to myself.

 we are actually arranging our next get together at the moment.


Alessas vitals


  Age: 26 - 30  Black long hair, green eyes Talll - Above 170 cm / 5'7"

also the lovelest DD natural breasts that you will lay your hands on


