Thread Title: BBW Desire : Elizabeth Park
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2015, 11:45 PM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: 
 BBW Desire : Elizabeth Park
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Desire (but will probably tell you her real name in the booking)

Establishment: Outcall to Adelaide CBD but also does incalls from Elizabeth Park

Date of visit: September 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : does not provide a contact number in her ads, search "BBW Elizabeth Park" or "BBW Desire" on Locanto and you'll find her. 

Hours of Business: varies 

Prices: $150 per hour, extra $50 for CBD outcall

Age: advertises as 42

Size/shape: size 20, huge G cup breasts, long dark hair. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian (Kiwi background)

Services:  DFK, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: 

My first "interstate" review. I was in Adelaide earlier this year and needed some company. As I've said for a few of my reviews, if you're not into big girls, best you move along :-)

I had done my homework so to speak so had already made contact via text before my trip and then was just up to me to set an evening. 

Desire arrived where I was staying just a tiny bit late, but I had the place to myself so this wasn't a problem. She was wearing a black dress that showed an awful lot of boobs, just as I'd hoped. 

Got the financials out of the way and gave her the money for the hour. I'd showered just before she arrived and I could tell she's showered right before driving over, so we got straight to business. 

Desire is a big gal, size 20, G cup boobs with long dark hair. After we had our clothes off it was straight to the bed. 

After sucking on her huge boobs (interesting with them both being pierced), she started a BBBJ which I really enjoyed. She'd promised to slobber all over my cock and she certainly delivered.

She was happy to do this as long as I liked :-) so she spent about 20 minutes with her mouth on my cock before we covered up for sex, did her on top (maybe not suitable for everyone), doggy and missionary to finish. 

This was followed by some friendly chat. From our chat, it's apparent she doesn't do this full time, just does it for a few extra bucks and to meet new people.

We finished by me walking her back to her car and bidding her farewell. 

She certainly wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea, but I enjoyed my time with her and would certainly see her again if I were to find myself back in Adelaide. 

Pics from her ads below...


