Thread Title: Brooke - Adelaide -  0439 812 978
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th December 2013, 04:04 PM
Poster ID: jc9652
Post Title: 
 Brooke - Adelaide -  0439 812 978
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooke

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : Dec 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0439 812 978

Hours of Business : Some weekdays & weekend

Rates : $180/hour

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Slim-ish, some extra fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, DATY, Sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes & Yes

My experience/comments : 

I saw Brooke earlier in December, found her ad in the advertiser. She  sounded pleasant on the phone and it was easy to book a time (weekend).

 Arranged to see her for an hour ($180) and was directed to an  apartment block on Carrington St in the city. Fairly discreet entrance  and plenty of parking. Buzzed her apartment number and was let up.

 First impression, she was older than expected but with a fairly good  body, slim-ish but with D-cup tits and handful of arse. She was very  cheerful & chatty and after money exchange was offered a shower.  Once done, preceded to her room where we started with some DFK before  she knelt down to give an excellent BBBJ. We moved to the bed, where I  laid down and let keep up the good work with some ball licking thrown  in. It was then I also noticed a rather large TV on top of a tall stand  with porno playing - it was a nice touch.

 So spend the next few minutes enjoying both the porno and Brooke  before she slipped the franga on and rode me like a champ. She moved  pretty well and was quite energetic for her age, but I wanted to get in  on some doggy so we switched positions and I pounded her until I came.  Get cleaned up and we laid back down with some small talk, well mostly  her talking and me enjoying the porn, so it wasn't long before junior  was interested again. This time I was content with just lying back, and  Brooke went back to work. She has an amazing tongue, so if you see her  you must sample her ball licking skills. Not before long I was getting  close to blowing, gave her an appropriate warning but she was more than  happy to take the load in her mouth (no swallow thou). Cleaned up again  and was offered another shower as time was up. All in all she was very  friendly, and a bargain with BBBJ & CIM. I would definitely return  as I reckon she'll get better with repeated visits.


