Thread Title: Cassie McLeod - Adelaide - 0431 163 237
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th May 2013, 04:10 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio
Post Title: 
 Cassie McLeod - Adelaide - 0431 163 237
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassie Mcleod

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Apr 13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431163237

Hours of Business : all hours

Rates : 30 mins; $150, 45 mins; $200, 1 hour; $250

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I was lucky enough to have the pleasure of Cassie's company on a recent trip to Adelaide.



We  corresponded via email to arrange the day and time to  meet.  Cassie was very quick to reply to my original email and  subsequent responses and we easily arranged all of the necessary  details.  Cassie asked me how I wanted her to be 'presented' for our  time together and was very happy to meet this request (so you know, I  asked for her to be waxed   ).

I decided to see Cassie for an hour, with her rate for the hour being $250, 3/4 hour for $200 and 1/2 hour being $150.



We had arranged an outcall, as  Cassie's circumstances only allowed for this option at the time.  She was unfortunately caught up in traffic  and made sure she contacted me before the time we were meant to meet,  to let me know that she was running late.  This was very thoughtful of  her, to make sure I know that I hadn't been stood up or forgotten.


When the time for fun arrived, I was greeted at my door by a big smile and a bubbling personality and the wonderful introductory  hug .  Cassie is such an easy person to talk to ; she came into my  room and it seemed as if we had known each other for ages - no awkward  silences or stilted conversations!!!  We settled in  to have a short chat about how our respective days had been and then  Cassie decided it was time for her to change out of her street clothes  and into something more 'comfortable'.  Hmm, I loved her idea of 'comfortable'; a lovely set of matching bra and panties that showed off her voluptuous  figure beautifully.  Make no mistake, Cassie is exactly as she  describes herself, but what a stunning gal she is; with curves in all of  the right places.


We started our time together with lots of kisses and cuddles, which was fantastic as it gave me the opportunity to run my hands all over Cassie's charms (like that euphemism?)  I had to take the opportunity to see at close hand the preparation work  that Cassie had undertaken for me.  Cassie lay back and sexily opened  her legs to reveal a totally smooth pussy that just had to be sampled,  much to my and Cassie's mutual enjoyment.


When  I had repaid Cassie for being so beautifully groomed for me, Cassie  decided it was time for her to show me her oral talents.  OMG, she then proceeded to give me one of the most memorable oral acts that I had ever experienced.   How could such an  young and innocent-looking lady have such refined oral skills?  Lucky  for me she does.  Being a gentleman, I prefer not to go into ALL of the details for the remainder of our playtime, but let me tell you that I ended the evening a very happy and relaxed man indeed.

My  only regret from the night is that I haven't had to travel back to  Adelaide since this trip, as I would jump at the opportunity to see  Cassie again if I was in town.  Cassie, thank you for making my trip so  fun and so memorable.


