Thread Title: Emily - Adelaide - 08 8376 6110
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th September 2012, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: 
 Emily - Adelaide - 08 8376 6110
				
Post Content: 
Well down in Adelaide week before last for a few days work. Decided to stay at Glenelg and the weather was particularly shitty. Rang around a few places but nothing really took my fancy so took the convenience approach.

I guess this is the story of two different punts, over 2 nights.

Firstly, Thursday was a shitty night, horizontal rain with a icy blast from the south, after dinner with colleages decided I needed some warming up, called a mobile, number escapes me but will report back when I find it. Nice sounding Australian on the other end so arranged to visit her in 20 minutes. 2 minute cab ride back towards city along Anzac Drive, into the apartment, a bit old but  okay. Liked what I saw, tall blonde about mid/late 20's, probably c cuppers on a slim frame. Agreed to the hour for $250 so stripped down. Before I had time to get on the bed the negotiating started, WTF! $50 for this, $50 for that....so I said how much more for the lot! Must have been a bit pissed as I said okay to another $250 smackers, and I wasn't even sure what the lot was! Wasn't long before I found it didn't quite include everything! Okay now I recognise that I was really pissed, Forked out another $100 for the full on GFE! 

Well it was a pretty good GFE despite my state of poverty, BBBJ, daty, passionate kissing, and a bit of BB sex with a very sexy young blond.
Climaxing with a nice CIM with full swallow, what better way to spend a cold chilly night in Adelaide.

I will post the phone number when I locate and as a PWL will respect not handiing out the address other than not far from the racecourse where I guess there has been lots of happy punting done of both kinds......

Moving on to round 2, friday night, decided to have a quite night and thought a nice massage would be on the cards. A few local adds but rang the attached number, also on Anzac Drive close to the race track. Guess this borders on a private establishment as a few asian girls work from this house, mostly Thai I think. met the delightful Emily, a trim taught and terrific thai girl. Probably mid 30"s but looked much younger!
Immediately took the hour fs option for $200 if my memory serves me correctly.
A bit of massage, nice shaved pussy for some daty, cherries to suck and tweak, etc, etc onto a cover BJ and sex in most positions before she siphoned me and onto another massage. Very pleasant hour and recovery from the night before!

Sure with a bit of digging more gems to be found in Adelaide, not a place I plan to spend much time in though despite having boosted their economy single handedly! 

JB1


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th September 2012, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: kanga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like an expensive trip.
I am often in Adelaide for business and 9 times out of 10 I end up at the blue room at Hackney.


