Thread Title: Penny Black-  0473 749 498 - Adelaide
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th October 2017, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: 
 Penny Black-  0473 749 498 - Adelaide
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Penny Black

Establishment :  Outcall to Intercontinental Adelaide

Date of Visit :  7 October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penny Black

Hours of Business : See website

Rates : $400 per hour

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Curvy with D/DD size with piercing in both nipples.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : true GFE, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Will return if opportunity arise

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

In the beginning of October, I had a business trip to Adelaide and stayed at Intercontinental.  Since hotel and location is nice, I decided to make an advance appointment with this WL about 10 days prior to my arrival.  After a few email back and forth, she cancelled the appointment for reason of being unwell.  The following morning in Adelaide, I took my time to text 3 WLs to see which one is available for night romp in the hotel as that morning was Friday.  One of them replied on time and was set to come at 9pm.  Her name is Penny Black.  There came 9pm.

I was peeking at the door, open the door and was startled when looking at Penny.  In she was, giving me straight wet DFK that just turned me on straight away.  Unfortunately due to bad experience before I had to stop the kiss to let her know that she needs to wash her bump (Trust me, the other WL I was with didn't wash hers, it fuckin' stained half of the hotel bed!)  She then proceeded to invite me to shower with her only to find out that we both just touched each other kissing and touching like never before, almost brought me to the edge a few times.  It was a true definition of 'steamy shower'.  Dried each other up still with lotsa touching and caressing, she and I ended up in bed still DFK-ing all over each other.  She saw a plate of fruit on a desk, she then grabbed the plate and fed me the fruit as if we were true lovers in our teens.  She then proceed to guide me, again, to her love hole and made me fingering her until she came and was wet all over.  I have never suck pussy before after smelling my fingers that has come out of hers, I decided to try it out.  I was unbeliavably pleasant.  No smell whatsoever coming our of hers.  Her wetness  eventually just drove me insanely horny and I began by asking her to sit on top of me.  We then proceeded to a couple more position until I cannot handle it anymore.  After first round was done, we were then back to be all over each other like teenagers while eating the fruit platter and continued touching caressing fingering her.  A couple more rounds of fucking happened. I usually can handle two at the most however the interaction was just more than explosive to get me into the third round.  By the time we stopped after 3rd round, it was already 2 hour.  She then checked if I want to extend but had to refuse due to early work commitment REGRETFULLY!  REGRETFULLY I let her changed, kissed some more and let her leave.  WHAT A NIGHT!

I know a lot of blokes likes to get in business immediately once the WL came but I am a little different because talking, interaction, touching, caressing, smiling etc affect my mood a lot.  This girl had all these.  IF I think about it as I typed this, I feel lucky that the other WL cancelled the appointment.  Additionally the biggest regret I had is that Adelaide is not a frequent destination for my business.  So I don't know when I will be able to stay with this young lady again.


