Thread Title: Ruby,Thai escort - Adelaide - 0434 679 761
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th November 2015, 09:47 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: 
 Ruby,Thai escort - Adelaide - 0434 679 761
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

 Establishment : Private (not sure there isn't an agency or group of girls here) - phone answered by another)

 Date of Visit : 10th November 2015

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434679761

 Hours of Business : Said 24 hours

 Rates : 280 1 hour visiting me and $30 for DFK (on the DFK, don't waste your money!)

 Age : Mid - late 30s (ad said 23!!)

 Size/shape : 36e naturals with big thick nips, a bit of a belly, although certainly not fat, and trimmed above a fully shaved and very neat pussy with no external labia 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

 Services Provided : BBBJ & Full Service

Value for money/recommend? So so



Pic from Cracker - this is a real picture - actually had the same bra on when she visited!

Comments:

Ruby arrived with a driver who I had to pay downstairs before Ruby joined me. 

Up to the room and stripped and cuddled for a brief time groping each other (no finger in the pussy) 

Lay on the bed and got a brief cat bath and then a nice soft BBBJ - no teeth, nice wet feeling and overall quite an nice job. 

She then mounted me and it was great to see those E cups swing as we fucked - unfortunately lots of FOAM and no eye contact - just a rudimentary fuck. 

Rolled her over and went doggy for a while then missionary - went with some very deep strokes and enjoyed pounding her quite tight cunt. Eventually pulled out and blew on her chest and after tissues we both had a quick shower. 

I had asked at the start if for an hour we could come twice? - yes, so when we went back to the bed I was happy to have a massage in between. After a quite reasonable massage, I then rolled over and played with and sucked her tits as she massaged my cock back to hardness. 

More BBBJ then frankly needed to fuck again so moved to a doggy position again and then missionary to enjoy the tits in front of me. 

Struggled unfortunately for cum No 2so finished with a handjob - partly me and then her doing it as I encouraged her to play with her pussy - clit only and went through the motions rather than any attempt to cum. 

Finished with a shower together and she left. 

Was it a worthwhile exercise? BBBJ - yes, fuck - yes for the cock in cunt feel however too much FOAM. DFK - forget it. 
Overall at the cost, a bit too steep but I got the service I needed (blow and fuck twice) and her tits were great. 
NB For a visiting service it's the going rate based on Cracker ads.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th November 2015, 06:41 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Gsmartster. Where in SA is Ruby based? Do you have a link for her Cracker ad?



nextlife


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th November 2015, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Busty Ruby E cup can do Nat , cim, rimming , 24/7 available! - Adelaide escorts - cracker.com.au

Ruby is located in Adelaide


