Thread Title: 14 Rookwood Road Yagoona - 8747 2963
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd January 2014, 02:14 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: 
 14 Rookwood Road Yagoona - 8747 2963
				
Post Content: 
Been to this place a couple of time many years ago and decided to drop in again.

Not sure of the number but a search shows 9672 2080.
Entrance is off to the left and up the side of a Real estate building.
Main street but still discreet.

$30 for half. $20 HJ.
No other extras. I asked but a nice polite no.

Girl was Amy. About 40ish. Size 8-10. B cup I guess.
Didn't ask for clothes off as I just wanted a nice massage and HJ.

Medium massage. Very competent.
Great HJ !
Nice technique, lots of playing with the tip. Good slow strokes.
I had my hand up her dress and she was really enjoying it. Might have got more if I asked.

A good cheap Clean joint. Not busy and good service.
Will be back for sure.

Amy works Thursday and Sunday.

.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th February 2017, 03:19 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: 
 Fell New Massage Centre, Address: 14 Rookwood Rd Yagoona - 02 8747 2963
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : YeeWan

Establishment : Fell New Massage Centre Yagoona

Date of Visit : 23/2/2017 (6:30pm 1 hour before closing)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 14 Rookwood Road, Yagoona, NSW 2199 02 8747 2963
?????Marayong Mssage fr $30-Real Good Relaxation! Real Nice Girls ????? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am to 7:30pm ( though no answer around 10:30am when I called)

Rates : $55 60 mins ( +$45 HJ, Nude

Age : mid 20's ?

Size/shape :  8/ tiny a cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian ( guess Chinese)

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  yes/ yes

My experience/comments : 

Seems like a new shop, parking is easy, plenty round back and some out front.
Called a male receptionist said one available at 6:30 (they close at 7:30pm)

Entry door unlocked so straight in, no standing outside looking obvious. :-)

Greeted and take a seat, previous punter leaves and in I go to the first room on the right. Seems clean, no smell and new and modern. Split aircond feeding two rooms so not overly quiet or private ( could hear the other room clearly).

Yeewan's English is nearly no existent, but communicated extras and $100 changed hands. Strip off and onto the table.

Little oil and straight into back rub and shoulders, Yeewan was not against some leg rubs and gentle brushing, mid strength massage, working back and shoulders, then some bum work ( cheeks only), then down legs with a bit of tackle tickle. No rush just a slow build, I like that style.

At about the 40min mark, roll over, and watch Yeewan strip, shorts off and once piece body top came off,(so she wasn't pierced just the studs on the body suit  ).

Little A cups titties but stiff nipples that got as moan or two from gentle rubbing. Nice action on the HJ slow to build up.

Bit of side action allowed access to Yeewan's muff, trimmed and a bit spiky but moist, but only outside pressure. As I got close, Yeewan lay sideways ( I suppose to catch the flows :-), slow build worked and I exploded up my chest and onto Yeewan's front, nice giggle there. Clean up and then a relaxing arm, hand and thigh massage to finish up.

Just what was needed to relieve a tough day. 

JR


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th June 2017, 05:56 AM
Poster ID: pizzaman
Post Title: 
 14 Rookwood Road Yagoona - 8747 2963
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gigi

Establishment : 14 Rookwood Road, Yagoona

Date of Visit : 10.06.2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???NEW YGOONA/BANKSTOWN Massage?Young Beautiful Experienced Girls?19~23 Yo?02 8747 2963 ? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 7.30pm

Rates : 
$35 for 30mins plus 30 for extras

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Thin with nice boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage and nude hand job

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Had a rough time in the city when I stayed in a hotel. Was pouring rain so missed out on exploring in the city. 
Decided to try this place as I've been seeing it advertise but never seen any reviews. Plus the pictures of the girls look hot. I picked Gigi as she looked the hottest and she works Saturday. Parked behind a pub and walked 2 minutes. Opened the door and papasan came and said how long you want. I said 30 minutes with Gigi. Money exchanged and he had a cheeky grin on his face. 
Showed me to the room. It was a good size and clean. I got naked and Gigi walked in wearing gym attire. I just asked her straight away how much to take your clothes off. We exchanged 30 dollars and I asked for the handjob straightaway. I like the massage after the handjob. Her technique was amazing. I love the girls who use both hands. One to work the balls and one to work the shaft. But my favourite is when I come and the ML continues to jerk you off till your empty. I hate when you come and the ML just releases her hands. But Gigi emptied every little drop. She then gave me an okay massage no complaints. Got rid of a few knots.
I'll definitely be back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th May 2018, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: 
 Maggie - Yagoona Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : Massage Centre Yagoona

Date of Visit : 6/5/2018 (Sunday) late arvo

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 14 Rookwood Road, Yagoona, NSW 2199 02 8747 2963

Hours of Business : 10am - 7.30pm

Rates : $60 1 hour , $50 nude HJ 

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Slim, C-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Asian

Services Provided :  Massage, Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

Am a semi regular here, so surprised there aren't more review. (maybe under another thread). Quite Sunday afternoon, been at sport all day and was feeling tight, so called and dropped in. Being Sunday, I could park outside, normally it is around the corner off the main road.

Open door and greeted by Maggie, who has a really pretty face and matching personality. Shown into a clean dim room, that was toasty warm. Finances done, striped off as Maggie got ready.

Started with dry rub pressing on feet and calves. I'm a feet man and told her so, so she spent a bit of time pressure pointing the balls of my feet. Still dry worked up my back to shoulders, then a little oil and worked out the knots. Great technique, strong and systematic.

Pressed her bare thighs against me so let my hands wander and lots of happy giggles.

Roll over as asked the normal, big Yes from me. Watched Maggie strip and it was great to see her natural B/C cups pop out. She leant in for some light kissing then fed me her boobs while rubbing Little JR. My hands were all over and as she spread her legs I felt her wetness there, unfortunately no DATY, but she was super wet and slippery. Quite flexible as I could such a tit, rub her pussy and she still great a great HJ.

Exploded as usually, tissue and wet wipe clean up followed by hot towel. Then a great head, chest and thigh rub, before sitting up and finishing on the shoulders. 10/10 from me.

I left soothed and relaxed. I haven't had a bad experience at this place.

JR


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th May 2019, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Smile

Establishment : Massage Centre Yagoona

Date of Visit : 12/5/2019 (Sunday) late arvo

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 14 Rookwood Road, Yagoona, NSW 2199 02 8747 2963

Hours of Business : 10am - 7.30pm

Rates : $60 1 hour , $50 nude HJ 

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : Slim, C-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

I must be a creature of habit. Its has been just over a year since I posted for this establishment. And again on a quiet sunday afternoon after some commitments in the area I felt like some relief.

Quick call to ensure someone was available and over I headed. Same establishment, entry from the front and main road. Greeted by the lass who answer the phone and said did I call. Into the first room on the right, and it was nicely heated as we are just heading into the cooler months.

Money paid for an hour (price hasn't changed), stripped and then on the table, my young Thai friend Smile came in and gave me a warm towel clean off from head to toes.(was good as I had come from sport and wasn't sweaty, but wasn't fresh either!).

Soft , medium or hard on offer and went for hard, and a firm confident massage continued from my feet to my head. I have recently started manscaping, so plenty of tackle tickle and bum crack teasing as I am now hair free down there!

Offer of extra with standard $20 for HJ $50 for nude, and a hell yeah from me.

Smile stripped off and a strong firm body was revealed with some tasteful art to highlight. Still on my front,Smile was sensual and gentle rubbing her body against mind with kisses and licks on my neck and ears. My favourite three works "Please turn over!"

Little JR is standing proud ( did I mention the manscaping so it looks bigger and angrier than usual! - makes a man proud!), and blow on the end and then a little tit job and general body to body rubbing. A really sensual experience, not rushed and certainly arousing!

One with some oil and a slow build up to a pleasant release.

THis place hasn't disappointed yet and rarely has the same girl for more than a month or so, so plenty of variety.


