Thread Title: 154 Beamish St, Campsie - 0420 888 660
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd May 2012, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: hjchamp32
Post Title: 
 154 Beamish St, Campsie - 0420 888 660
				
Post Content: 
Spotted what I think is a relatively new place here in the heart of Campsie - opposite the Oasis hotel. The entrance is quite public - a door with massage stuff all over it leading straight up stairs - right in front of a bus stop 

Anyway, I took one for the team the other day (a tuesday) and ducked in. This is a CHinese massage place - they are all chinese by the looks of things.

Upon walking upstairs there is a seperate door and buzzer. I was met by a 35+ YO MILF named Mimi. She ushered me into a room which was floorboards and relatively clean with a rickety looking table. The place smelt new, on closer inspection it was a new smelling foam on the massage table.

I took a 30min/$30 option, it is $50/60min here. Mimi then covered me with a disposable towel (nice touch). I asked for a hard massage - and by hell thats what I got. Because it was floorboards, the massage table was actually creaking and dancing around the floor - which I think was great! Mimi was relatively talkative in a limited english type of way, and I learned that it is not busy, and she works 7 days a week, in her own words this is because "many customers like me". I translated this to mean "I do a great HJ" Or "I offer more than the other girls, and I'm good at it...". So I thought to myself, OK, now we are in for something.... 

So, at around the 20min mark I would guess, a feather touch began, which was a welcome reprieve from being kneaded into oblivion . But the feather touch was teasing without actual lolly bag contact... I thought hmm..

Upon turning over, I was promptly covered with a small towel around the nether regions. I though again, hmm.... Then the feathery touch continued on the front chest etc, so I looked Mimi in the eye and mentioned that it was nice, and ticklish. She said yes, the customers like that, I said yes....

It was at that point the massage turned into a Japanese porno. And not really in a good way. Have you guys seen the JAVs where they act like they are in a legit shop and they *somehow* convince the legit, straight ML to give them a nice impromptu HJ? Well if you haven't - maybe take a look, if you have, you know what I mean. She did everything to make it look like a HJ wasn't going to happen, even though It was clear it was. For instance the towel - upon deciding to feather touch the legs, it was bunched systematically closer to my nuts, so that eventually it was a big fluffy codpiece. Then it was whipped away, and the touches went nicely over the plums, which I really like. So I said things like, "thats nice" and "keep that up", but then Mimi announced, so thats half an hour. So in frustration, I said "how about a HJ?". So she gave the gear a look and asked simply: "Why?". For a moment, I was speechless, until all I could say was "well look what you started? Time to finish!".  Now I was sort of 3/4 erect, when Mimi gave my cock a smack and told it to "wake up!". I honestly think all this was fantastic - the teasing, the playing etc - very unusual. However, the unfortunate end was that Mimi then grabbed an oil bottle, and gave me a rapid fire HJ which was 1/10 for technique (because she had a hand on my cock) and 1/10 for eroticism (same reason).

In my mind, I thought - you know what, she didn't ask for a tip, and I don't think she deserves it. So upon dressing, I told her it was a good massage, which it was, and that I may come back some day, which I think I won't.

Upon leaving I saw a younger ML laying on the front lounge catching some ZZZ's. 

So YMMV - make of it what you will - I think it was an excellent experience, because it was different. But I would try any number of untried places before going back here. Hope you guys find it useful or entertaining, and sorry I didn't use a template! I forgot where it is... I will look out for the phone number next time I go past.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2012, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: jilamint
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review!  Mimi sounds hilarious.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd August 2012, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Amy
40 something chines MILF
Average body not fat not skinny
$30/30 mins + $20 for nude HJ with fingering and a little spread of the arse cheeks

I am sure she said Amy and she works Mon to Wed and Sat. Gives a great remedial massage and when the fun starts gets into it. Stripped to reveal an OK body and climbed aboard for some reverse cowgirl HJ and arse cheek spreading fun. As I was fingering her I looked across at the wall and saw the sign....'Please do not ask your massuese to remove clothes or do a Hand Job we are licensed for massage only" I said to Amy "sign broken" and she laughed.

All in all it was pleasant without being memorable but I will be back,massage alone is good and she doesn't ask for a kings ransom for the extra's. On the way out I asked about BJ or FS but she said boss just wants massage so I didn't push it

Sparksy


