Thread Title: 154a Beamish St, Campsie - 0451 537 999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th August 2014, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: 
 154a Beamish St, Campsie - 0451 537 999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Amy

Establishment :  154a Beamish St Campsie

Date of Visit :    August 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Ph 0451 537 999

Hours of Business : Don't know

Rates :  $30 half hr/ $50 hr 

Age :  Late 40s

Size/shape :  Slim and average looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided :  Massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend? :  Average

My experience/comments : 

Was driving up Beamish St the other day and spotted this place so thought I would toftt and check it out. This place is located upstairs in a old building on Beamish St. Up the top of the stairs a plain looking but slim milf greets me and leads me to a very large massage room (no cubicles here). First impressions of the place is it is primarily a straight massage place (also cupping and back stepping is available).

Anyway in keeping with my usual approach I went for half hour on first visit. Amy delivered a medium massage quite competent and even a little bit of back stepping as well. There was some incidental brushes during the leg massage which had my hopes up for the turn over. I wasn't to be disappointed as upon turning over Amy gives the universal signal and I nod 'yes'. Somewhat mechanical but ok ending ensued and I left felling relaxed. 

Will I return? not sure. There aren't too many places like this around any more so maybe I will go back occasionally for a bit of variety and because you really don't know what you are going to get. I reckon it would depend on the girl what happens- just as likely to get just a straight massage. But I doubt you will encounter any young ladies massaging here.

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th April 2019, 06:15 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: 
 152a Beamish St Campsie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eda

Establishment : 152a Beamish St Campsie

Date of Visit :  A Friday in Feb 2019 and a few times since

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Phone : 0451 537 999

Hours of Business :  10am - 7pm ish

Rates : $35 half, $50 45min, $60 hour

Age :  Mid 30s

Size/shape :  Short, cute

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided :   massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : 

I visited this place a couple of times a few years ago but the girls here were a bit average and the service also. When I popped in earlier this year the boss lady Lilly seems to be the same. Interesting setup it is upstairs above an eye glasses shop and for those that know Campsie next door to a HK BBQ chicken shop. Inside the massage shop it is an older style house like setup. The massage rooms are quite large and there is usually 2 girls on with Boss taking the spill over in a small room out the back if both girls are busy.

The visit in Feb I was lucky to get a pretty girl Eda who is about a size 8 with probably A or B cup boobs, a bit of a pocket rocket. But what stands out about Eda is she takes her massage seriously and is very friendly. Extras were limited but she will do a relaxing happy ending when asked. She has become one of my favourites girls to see when i am just after a relaxing massage and a bit of a nice chat. A word of warning though her English is limited, but as I said she is very friendly and i get the impression she gets a few bookings.

Eda works here on Fridays and I believe Tuesday as well. Cheers.


