Thread Title: 320 Burwood Rd Belmore - 02 9740 9368
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th February 2020, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: potluck
Post Title: 
 320 Burwood Rd Belmore - 02 9740 9368
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny


Establishment : 320 Burwood Rd Belmore Massage


Date of Visit : Feb 2019 Sunday


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9740 9368


Hours of Business : 10am- 8pm


Rates : $85 for 30 minutes NHJ


Age : mid-late 40s


Size/shape : Well built, bit of a belly, 160cm tall


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : Massage + nude HJ


Value for money/recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments : Driven past this place a couple of times so decided to TOFTT yesterday and give it a go.

Only one woman working here, a proper cantonese speaking hong kong housewife by the name of Jenny. She told me there is another HK local girl who works there on Friday who would do a threesome with herself and the punter. One to remember for the future.

Jenny is not hot by any means, this was one of those dirty punts where I just wanted whatever release I could get. She's the sort of middle aged HK aunty you would see pushing a dimsum trolley in a yumcha restaurant.  Demeanour was cheery though, great attitude, enough to build a personal connection with a bit of chit chat.

I went in there stripped off and at first wanted a clothed HJ only cos all I wanted was for a masseuse to edge me for half an hour while I lay on the table to relax and then shoot a huge load in the end. She understands and she's got a good edging technique, playing with my balls, a few strokes, some fingernails lightly scraping my groin area, rinse repeat. I get a cat bath and my nipples sucked too. After a while I can't tolerate it any longer and tell her to strip off cos the session is getting too hot and sensual.

B cup tits with little pink nipples, the tits looked like they belonged to a younger girl so I was happy to have a lick and a suck myself. She rubs a bit of oil on my hands and tells me to rub her pussy while she's standing next to the table so I go for that as well. No penetration allowed but she loves the rub and grinds herself on my hand till she comes while slowly stroking my cock.

Now i've had enough edging I tell her to double pump me as hard and as fast as possible till i come, it was a huge build up and a huge release which she cleans up.

Still 10 mins to go i flip back over to get a shopping centre massage on my neck and shoulders, walked out fairly happy after that. FS definitely on the table at this shop, might go back to sample the other HK girl.

[EDIT] if you're after a hot young girl this is not your shop, but HJ connoisseurs will know that there is sometimes value in the older housewives and this particular woman pushes the right buttons


