Thread Title: 35 Howard Rd, Padstow, King and Queen Thai massage, 0426 715 009
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th August 2017, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 35 Howard Rd, Padstow, King and Queen Thai massage, 0426 715 009
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Fammy (also Pat) 
Establishment: Thai King & Queen Massage
Date of Visit: 28 Aug, 17 
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 8710 9615, 0426 715 009/ 35 Howard Rd, Padstow
Hours of Business: Monday -Sunday 10.00 am-09.00pm
Rates:   30/45/60 mins: $45/60/70
Age:  28
Size/shape: "Pum Puey" Plump, b cup nats
Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai
Services Provided: Nude, HJ
Value for money/WIR:  Mehh

Comments:
Saw a new Thai shop advertising on cracker in Padstow on Howard Rd (4 shops within a short stroll) and popped in with no appointment. A plain, but pleasant Thai girl in a uniform style dress showed me to a clean re-furbed room with locking doors, walls to the ceiling and a very wide, sturdy table just made for extras. The shop is across from the train station, with easy street and hotel parking nearby. Entrance is gained from ringing the door bell at the front sliding door on Howard Rd with a bus stop almost directly in front of the shop. For discretion, there is a back door opening onto a small, shared private parking lot (parking that is not available to shop guests), where there is also a shared (locked) bathroom. The room had its own sink, so there is no need for the interruption of leaving the room to get the warm wet towels for clean-up. 

My girl introduced herself as "Fammy" and also goes by Pat. She did a good FBM, oiling up both my back and rump right away, and, with her fingers gliding right into the crack early on, there was never any doubt about the finish ending happily. After some decent therapeutic work on the back and legs, the TT began in earnest and she was fine with me rubbing her bare legs and butt. 

On flip she did a lot more teasing of the upper thighs, groin, abs and chest and then asked if I wanted the nude treatment for $50. She declined FS, and sadly, also said she could not do the body slide (maybe due to lack of a shower). Nonetheless, she seemed willing to please as she readily got up on the table on top of me, sitting astride my legs, doing the dirty with both hands. She also reversed to let me play with her ass, then spinning around again to allow me to nuzzle the nicely shaped little b cups. The silver lining in the extra kilos she carries would certainly be helpful to their shape. A few light kisses and there was soon some more wall paint added. No rush to get off of me and the table, with offers of water or Cha, some more small talk, and then I was out the door past a few civilians waiting for the bus. 

WIR? Not very soon, as IMHO for a direct comparison, I prefer the value and/or certainty of the Thai B2B shops (i.e., Narwee). Still, I wanted to TOFTT and check out this new shop since I had to be nearby- the place was neat and clean with friendly staff but it would probably be a second choice when next in the area.


