Thread Title: 70 Anderson avenue Panania - 02 8710 3486
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th June 2012, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: jamieg81
Post Title: 
 70 Anderson avenue Panania - 02 8710 3486
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Can't be certain, but I think nancy - will update when I go back next time for more recon.  I think my mind was trying to forget the experience to be honest.

Establishment (if applicable): Massage / RnT

Contact Details/Address: 70 Anderson Ave, Panania, 02 8710 3486

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Mon-Sat, 10am-7pm I think

Prices: Standard: $30 30 mins, $50 60 minutes, plus tip

Age: 60s

Size/shape: Large and heavy saggy breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: RnT, but I swear I heard some moaning in the next room

Date of visit: early-June

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe for someone else

My experience/comments: This is a newly opened (perhaps a couple of months ago) RnT joint.  I've been wanting to have a look since I saw it, as I don't live too far away.  The signs out the front are for remedial massage and give prices like it's a legitimate set up.  It's a weird, very public entrance, amongst a large group of shops.  You have to enter through the front of a shoe store then go up a set of stairs to the side. There are three darkish rooms, with one being used as an office.  All rooms have a door on them.

After calling from the street and confirming prices, I went upstairs.  At the top of the landing I was approached by a very old asian lady asking if I was there for a massage.  Hoping it wasn't going to be her, I said yes and was shown in to a room.  She had been holding a book and had on thick, large reading glasses with a chain to hold them on.  A very typical grandmother look.  She asked me to lay on the table as she left the room.  I still didn't know if it was going to be her, but took everything off anyway, and covered myself with the provided towel.

The old lady came back in to the room and started giving me a massage straight away.  It wasn't very good, and at times I was holding my breath and wishing I was in another place.  She spent a long part of the massage at my head leaning over with her heavy, saggy breasts resting on my head.  Most of the time she was breathing quite heavily, and not in a sexy way, it was almost like snoring.

However, towards the end of the massage she spent a good amount of time on tackle tickle and I, almost ashamedly, became quite hard.  She asked me to turn over and offered a handjob, simply implying I would pay whatever I want.  As I was already hard and needed some relief, I accepted the offer.  Of course, I blame it on the lack of oxygen going to my brain.

I closed my eyes and let things go on, and surprisingly it wasn't that bad.  I emptied quite a large load that shot quite far, which made her giggle a bit.

All in all I don't regret it, but I wouldn't exactly go out of my way to recommend her unless being massaged by your grandmother is your kind of thing.

She told me that two ladies worked there, she gave me her name and the other girl's name, but alas it has left my mind.

As I left I saw another girl sitting at a desk, but it was quite dark and I didn't get a very good view of her.  I will be going back again soon to do some more recon and try one of the other girls out.

I called there today to see if I could get some names,  but the lady told me cindy and casey were working.  They didn't sound like the names that the grandmother gave me a month ago, so I can't be sure what the arrangements are there.

In any case I'll add another review after I go back next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th December 2014, 12:17 AM
Poster ID: muppets2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sasha

 Establishment (if applicable): Massage / RnT

 Contact Details/Address: 70 Anderson Ave, Panania, 02 8710 3486

 Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Mon-Sat, 10am-7pm

 Prices: Standard: $35 30 minutes, $50 45 minutes, $60, 60 minutes 

 Age: 35

 Size/shape: Slim, B tits

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

 Services: RnT,

 Date of visit: Tuesday 16th Dec, 2014

 Value for money/recommend?: OK.  Slightly more expensive due to being in the burbs

Working in the area, I was planning on heading back to Bankstown for a massage and more.  Just grabbing some cash and saw the old Massage sign outside a shoe shop.  Looking at the prices, I decided to drop my cash on a 45 minute massage.  The girl was quite young and ok looking.  I stripped down and laid down on the table and waited with anticipation.  The girl came back and introduced herself as Sasha.  Now having some unique tattoos, she immediately asked if she had seen me before to which I replied no.  Another 5 minutes in and the massage is quite good, she asked me again where she had seen me and started to name places she had worked, Sutherland? No.  Kings Cross? No, Hornsby? No.  Dee Why? Yes.  That's were I had seen her.   
You know its time to give the game up when you start getting recognized.  Turns out she used to work at the Chinese Massage upstairs 679 Pittwater Rd, Dee Why (Right next door to Anantara Thai).  She has now purchased this MP in Panania.
So keeping it short, the massage was ok.  Tug was offered for $20 extra and I negotiated $35 clothes off.  Was allowed a good grope, sucking nipples, and even a kiss but no tongue from her.  She did offer FS for $60 but was happy just for the tug.   Struggled to get over the line and out came a glove and rectal passage played with until the inevitable squirt.
Would I return?  Probably not as I hate being recognized.  Value for money, not really when compared to Bankstown.
  Very nice friendly girl though.  Full marks for trying.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th February 2015, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: emcan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Contact Details/Address: 70 Anderson Ave, Panania, 02 8710 3486

Person's Name: I didn't ask, may be Nancy from description above

Establishment (if applicable): Massage / RnT


Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Mon-Sat, 10am-7pm

Prices: Standard: $35 30 minutes, $50 45 minutes, $60, 60 minutes

Age: 60+

Size/shape: Large

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: RnT, but rejected the T

Date of visit: Friday 23rd Jan 2015

Value for money/recommend?: No and No

Was in the area and only have an hour window so went to check out this place, this shop is  quite hard to find as the entry is at the side of a another shop (shoe shop I think), there was a hot chick sitting in the shop wearing a short skirt showing her lovely legs. 

Went up the stairs and greeted by a very old lady, at least 60 years old, I asked her if I can see another girl she said yes and ushered me into one of the rooms.

This place is like a household, I wonder if she actually lives there.  She asked how long I'd like I said 30 minutes and paid upfront, before I handed her the money I asked again is I can see a younger girl she said Yes.

Disrobed and hopped onto the table, now the old lady came in again, so I asked once again if she's going to send the other girl in later, YES again, you can see where I'm going right?  At this point I was thinking may be I can get a good massage from her and then see the other younger girl afterwards, how naive....

Asked if I want hard medium or soft, I said hard, all I get was medium at most the whole way, I was getting really really bored but I didn't fall asleep because in my mind I keep picturing an old lady touching me.

On turn over time, I asked once again, the last time, Are you going to send me the younger girl?  Now all of a sudden she seems don't understand any of my English and keep rubbing my stomach, I was so angry, but I didn't want to ask anymore and I didn't have the heart to argue.  After a couple of minutes she asked if I wanted extra showing and showing a hj motion, which I grumpily responded with a big NO.  Usually I'd just let them finish their job to earn a bit of tip no matter how ugly or old the ML is, however this time I was too angry that I felt like I was being cheated.

I must say in the whole 30 minutes the other girl was free and there was no other customer in the shop, so she shouldn't have lied to me.

Poor massage, poor customer service, I will not return and I would not recommend, unless you enjoy soft touching massage by an old lady.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st February 2015, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
emcan, a pity you did not ask her name; reviews without a name are useless. Take more care in future and if you have a poor memory write it down.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st February 2015, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: emcan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I almost get the name every time but this time I wasn't in the mood really,  at least this can be a heads up to fellow punters here with my bad experience., but for sure will try to have names on my future reviews.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd February 2015, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks emcan.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th May 2015, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: Raw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Minnie

Establishment : Panania Massage

Date of Visit : 14/5/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $35 30 mins plus extras

Age : 45

Size/shape : small and slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RnT naked, mutual massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Was in the area and had a look at XXX reviews and saw this place.

I couldnt find the place at first as you need to enter a shoe store. I walked past said shoe store and 2 ladies in the shop were eyeing me out. I must have looked like I didnt want to buy a pair of ladies shoes or something. They were caucasian ladies and knew what I was after, with a bit of a disgraceful look on their faces.

I walk past again and spot some side door. I walk up and am greeted by Minnie. Just your average looking chinese woman. Not too bad on the eye when one is horny. She was wearing blue jeans and a red top, which was pushing her tits up.

I had $35 exactly on me and gave it to Minnie to test the waters. I strip and Minnie stays in the room which is good. I get a bit tired of them leaving you while you undress. Its not like they will not see you naked again. I tell her just legs and she starts with some oil and gives a nice leg massage. Her hand comes high and at first, there is slight brushing of the balls. So slight, I am wondering if I imagined it. I open my legs more and Minnie gets the hint. She then rubs my legs but each time she comes back up, she plays more and more with my balls and ass. I am beginning to really enjoy this.

She sees I'm enjoying it and starts to continue going up and down, playing with my cock, balls and rubbing my asshole. I like this girl.

Time is running fast and she tells me to turn over. I want her naked. She has made me that horny, I need to see and feel her. I tell her I only have $30. She readily agrees. She takes off her clothes and her body has see better days. Arse is a bit saggy (jeans did a splendid job) but here tits are still perky and have nice sized nipples. I grab her and kiss her lips. She reluctantly kisses me back at first. I tell her to lay on massage table and immediately suck her tits and let my hands wander to her pussy. She is ok with touching, but not inside. Fine by me.

I play with her for awhile but time is running out and Minnie gets me to lay down so she came finish me off. 

It doesn't take long before I blow.

I get cleaned up and give Minnie a hug and kiss and on my way.

If I am in the area again, I will return.

Minnie only works Thursday here but mentioned she works at Number 3 Padstow.


