Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st December 2018, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Bankstown Massage - 4/34 Greenfield Pde Bankstown - (02) 8739 9984
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melissa

Establishment : Bankstown Massage

Date of Visit : Dec 2018

Phone : (02) 8739 9984

Address: 4/34 Greenfield Pde Bankstown

Weblink : Bankstown Massage Salon

Hours of Business : Website says 10am to 8pm, shop signage and business card says 9:30am to 8pm

Rates : Pretty standard $40/50/60/90 for 30/45/60/90 min plus tips

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Stocky size 7, guessing B+ or C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This place used to be a laser clinic.  On the web it is advertising as Bankstown Massage, the shop signage and business card indicate Gordon Stone Health Massage. Dropped in without a booking.  This shop appears to be new and Melissa told me they have been open about 4 weeks, interior fit out is very nicely done - totally professional setup in appearance, I assume this was the laser clinic fit out.  No-one in reception when I walk in but Melissa arrived from out the back after a minute or so. Now Melissa is a rather plump little thing in a very tight skimpy blue dress that is bulging quite ominously at the top and only just covers her bum when she is standing still and completely upright.  Melissa asks is how long would I like.  I nominate 1 hour and Melissa takes me into one of the treatment rooms.  There appears to be 4 rooms, the one we were in was quite small with the front wall with the door being all frosted glass.  Melissa collects my $ and leaves me to get undressed.  There are some hooks on the wall for clothing and a double shelf trolley next to the massage table with limited room for your watch, glasses etc.  I note every thing looks clean with a fresh full length disposable cover on the table.  I hop onto the table and Melissa returns with my change which I suggest she leave on the table for later.  

Melissa starts gently stroking my bum as asks what type of massage I would like.  I suggest slow and sensual would be nice to which Melissa tells me she might just be able to achieve this.  From this point on there was no attempt at any form of remedial massage.  Rather Melissa went straight into tickling, stroking lots of TT and whispering sweet nothings in my ear.  I certainly felt Melissa was pretty good at the sensual bit.  About 15 min in, I asked re extras.  Melissa nominated $30 HJ and $50 NHJ.  When asked re any other extras she offered $80 NHJ + CBJ.  I took the $80 option, handed over the tip and a couple of condoms.  Melissa stripped off and her bulging bust line turned out to be a pretty heavily padded bra covering very nice B+ or C cups. Panties stayed on due time of the month - shame she didn't mention this with the nude offer.  Melissa said FS for $100 would be on offer next time.

After all this we settle back for about 30 min of GFE cuddling, mutual massage and an outstanding CBJ.  I have to say the CBJ was particularly noteworthy with Melissa putting in a real GFE effort with lots of sexy eye contact.

Even though the oil bottle wasn't touched, Melissa still gave me a very nice wet towel clean up - we were a bit sweaty after all.  BTW, this room had a hand-basin in the corner which made hot wet towel process quite efficient.  In the remaining 10 minutes Melissa offered and then gave me a head and shoulder massage which was nice.  Finished with a GFE cuddle and kiss, got dressed and out the door on the 60 min mark.

BTW, Melissa works Wed, Sat and has excellent English.

Summary
New shop with some business name confusion on shop signage vs website.
Nice clean premises however rooms are a little cramped.
Never got to experience a formal massage but the GFE ad CBJ were excellent.
WIR?  Sure would


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th May 2019, 06:43 PM
Poster ID: pizzaman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elizabeth

Establishment : Gordon Stone Massage Bankstown

Date of Visit : 8th May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Bankstown Massage Salon

Phone : 8739 9984

Hours of Business : Mon-Sun: 10 am – 8 pm 

Rates : $60 for 60 minutes plus 50 tip

Age : 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysia

Services Provided : Nude Handjob

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Walked in discreetly as I could because there's so much foot traffic. 
I'm trying to work out the back entrance.
I wanted to choose but only Elizabeth was working.
I don't regret it though.
I paid 40 for half an hour and said I'll pay 20 extra to make it an hour if it's good.
The rooms are strange they are all glass rooms with only the middle bit blocked out.
At the time there was no other person there but you could see other girls working naked if there were other girls.
Anyways she took me to the room.
I took all my clothes off and laid face up on the table.
I don't waste my time.
I said how much for the hand job and everything off.
She said 50.
And then she went to lock the doors.
It was a great sensual massage and handjob.
She licked my nipple while giving me a handjob.
She tells me that there are really shit customers.
So please treat her nice.
She's quite funny.
After the handjob at times I got an errection and she hit my dick.
I said hey don't hit my dick.
She said you are so horny.
I said it's because of you.
I asked her if she could suck my penis and she said only with a condom.
And you have to pay extra.
I was too exhausted for round two.
I would return but I need more privacy.
I need a room.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd June 2019, 03:20 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : MoMo

Establishment : Bankstown Massage (website) and Gordon Stone Massage Bankstown (Shop signage)

Date of Visit : June 2019

Phone : (02) 8739 9984

Address: 4/34 Greenfield Pde Bankstown

Weblink : Bankstown Massage Salon

Hours of Business : Website says 10am to 8pm

Rates : Pretty standard $40/50/60/90 for 30/45/60/90 min plus tips

Age : early 30's guessing here

Size/shape : Slim 7, C cup trimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : RnT, Nude body slide, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Dropped in without a booking and MoMo came out from the back of the shop, "you want massage?" I agree I would and nominate 1 hour.  MoMo takes me through to the last room on the left and I give her $60 for i hour.  MoMo departs and I start to get undressed.  Compared to last visit I noted the room was grubby, the floor was stained and dirt was piled up around the corners of the room.  Worse, while the table was fitted with a disposable cover, it was clearly well used.  I finished stripping off and when MoMo returned I pointed out the used massage table cover and expressed my unhappiness .  MoMo very quickly went out and came back with a large pack of covers and a fresh table cover was fitted.  

After the replacement table cover was fitted I raised the matter of extras, I was offered nude body slide and HJ for 50 and an extra 50 would give me a BJ as well.  This was quickly negotiated down to a more reasonable $80 tip.  Onto the table and MoMo starts off with a reasonable oil massage which I guess went for about 20 min. Some nice reach through TT for the next 5 min I guess then MoMo stripped off and climbed onto my back for some brief and lackluster body-sliding.  MoMo then hopped off and asked me to turn over.  Once on my back MoMo climbed up on the table between my legs - and therefore out of reach - and gave little Ant and his friends a gentle warm-up massage.  Momo then rolled on a condom and away we went for a quite good CBJ, no teeth and lots of eye contact.  When I came MoMo kept me in her mouth until I had quite finished which is always nice.  

MoMo hopped off the table and got dressed.  She then cleaned me up with tissues and wet towel and as there was about 10 min remaining finished off with a nice head massage.  Wasn't short changed for time and out the door at the 65 min mark.  Clearly MoMo was the only girl there as she had the leave the room during the massage multiple times for walk-ins   Although not once she had stripped off 

WIR?  Interesting question   MoMo was average OK I guess, however the shop was seriously grubby which really put me off.  On this basis, I suspect I won't return any time soon.


