Thread Title: Canterbury Thai Massage - 161 Canterbury Rd Canterbury - 0403 880 816
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2018, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: 
 Canterbury Thai Massage - 161 Canterbury Rd Canterbury - 0403 880 816
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Naty

Establishment : Canterbury Thai Massage 161 Canterbury Rd Canterbury

Date of Visit : 20 February 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 161 Canterbury Rd Canterbury, 0403 880 816, ???? ???? ???? New Shop Open in Canterbury???? ? ? ? Uni Girl~~~ - Sydney therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $60/hr + $50 nhj

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim, size 6, b cups, 1cm nipples, cute face. Not much of an ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not really.

My experience/comments : Saw this place start advertising about 2 weeks ago. They had a $40/hr special for the opening week but i couldn't find the time to go until today. Parking available in the Aldi car park with rear entrance from the car park. Not very discreet with people coming and going from Aldi but better then the main road. The photos of the shop in the ad are accurate except the photos of the girls are fake. Walked in and greeted by a cute receptionist and taken to a room. Was shown an older chinese lady that was little overweight at first and asked if there was anybody else. Shown Naty who has a nice face and slim body but appeared shy. Another ad a found describes her as "uni girl. Age 21 size 6 Slim tall long leg. sweet Girl from Thai" The older chinese lady may have been Kelly who is described as Office lady look. Age 28 Size 8 Tall. Teacher office lady feel from China" I would guess Kelly is over 35. Would have prefered the receptionist but told she doesnt do massage.

Started the massage in typical thai style using the towel and more pressure point massage. Her actual technique is quite good escept coulld have been harder. She said she trained overseas. We discussed extras not long after starting and she gave the typical rates but said we do massage first. The massage continued like a legit thai massage with no teasing or accidental contact of the fun bits.  She even wanted to use the towel to cover my ass. Felt like it had been going for a while and i check the clock to see it had been 35 minutes already and i had to ask to turn over. I sat up and had to ask again to start the fun and checked to confirm she would be fully nude. She told me to lie down and relax. Took her dress and bra off but kept the panties on and said she was on her period which sounds like BS. Got straight into it and started playing with my balls before moving to my cock. I was allowed to touch her tits and butt over her panties but not her pussy. I hadnt blown a load for about a week and was ready to blow sooner than expected and asked her to slow down. Points to Naty for slowing down to prolong the HJ as some other ladies just would have kept at it to make to cum as fast as possible. Kept the HJ going as i was cumming which was also good and she gave a nice smile as i blew my load. 
She was more chatty afterwards. She only just started the week before and works Tuesday there. Has a normal job elsewhere but said she worked in a city massage shop before as well.

Asked the toilet afterwards and directed outside to the separate toilet. No light no sink or toilet paper. 

For me, its not really worth it. If i want extras, i want some build up and teasing during the massage. The massage wasnt firm enough even though her technique seemed ok and at $110 in total for 1 hour, i'd probably go elsewhere but trying new shops is always a thrill.


