Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th May 2013, 08:54 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: 
 Chester Hill Relaxation Centre - 3/177 Priam St, Chester Hill - 02 9743 7168
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Establishment : Chester Hill Relaxation Centre - 179 Priam Street Chester Hill

Date of Visit : 17/5/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9743 7168

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $30/30 $50/60

Age : mid to late 30's

Size/shape : stocky

Nationality or Ethnicity : Stocky, flat chested

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : no...

My experience/comments : Decided to finally come to place after seeing it many times while at chester hill. Having previously went to the one on 4/90 Waldron street (and being disappointed) I wanted to see what this shop has to offer. Came to this place and tried to open the door but it was locked, so i had to ring the door bell was a bit agitated as i wanted to get in as quickly as i can as its on a busy street next to the shopping centre and i know people who live pretty close by and who knows they might just see me while they drive pass. 

Anyway got let in by some old lady and was told to wait in the room, first time you realise with this place is that the front seems like a waiting you would see at a doctor's office but once you go through the door its more like a house converted into a makeshift massage parlour it was quite bizarre it felt like i was in someone's house as opposed to some shop. another lady told me to go into the actual room and i took the $50 for 60min option. took off my clothes and layed on the massage table which was really dusty... never been to a place where the actual table was so dusty that it was hard to breathe properly with my head down.

the massage lady came back once she had finish massage her client, her name is Emily and she is average at most. She is around her later 30's and has a very unmemorable face all i know was that it was quite wide and short. Her body wasn't that great a bit chubby, big ass but unfortunately a very flat chest, not-proportional at all.

Asked for a soft sensual massage and got it. emily has very soft hands and it felt great on my skin. she likes to brush against the balls alot as well and caressing the butt crack which i loved. however other than that i dont' think she has a clue what she's doing. also the first 10 mins or so she just gave the back of my head a massage which was a bit odd considering they are always last whereever i go. when the massage on my back was done she used tissues to wipe the oil off... which has also never happened to me before its always been a hot towel or at least a wet one.. so turned over and she was blabbering on about massage here and if i wanted extra, will do nude hj for $50 more however i seriously only had $30 left and she brought my jeans to me and i showed her.. she was a bit hesistant for a bit but said okay she'll do it since i am probably her last customer for the day.

anyway took off her clothes and i was quite disappointed, while she does have a nice big arse she is flat chested like i said and just looked weird on her chubby body, she also kept her gstring on as she said she was "shy". hj was nothing special and didn't do anything other then the single jerking motion. She also kissed me on the lips a couple of times.. was quite sloppy wasn't a fan of it. anyway blew and got cleaned up while this was happening another punter came in and was argueing with the other lady... this was quite distracting and emily said not the worry about it.

so got dressed and realised emily probably cut short my session by liek 15mins but i wasn't in the mood to complain, just wanted to get out of that place.

in summary, weird location was like a house, emily isn't worth the effort either in the looks department or the massage/hj also she ripped me off with time. I will not go to this place again but only scoped it out due to my curiosity and there's no evidence of this place anywhere on the net. there's also one more massage place in chester hill about 2 doors down from 4/90 waldron rd but it looks really seedy i'm not sure if its worth going but now i think i've come to a point where i'm over these type of mature chinese RNT places, the service is the same and i'm always left wanting something more. I probably try places with younger hot girls or b2b places like oasis where i always feel good during and after the sessions.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th September 2018, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : Chester Hill Relaxation Centre - 3/177 Priam Street, Chester Hill

Date of Visit : 27/09/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9743 7168

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 7:30 pm

Rates : $30 for 30 minute massage. $60 extra for nude HJ and BBBJ

Age : probably 40s. Well preserved.

Size/shape : Slim, size 8, nice B/C cup breasts, shaved pussy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (Nanjing)

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? Yes

First off, please note that this establishment has moved two doors to the left and upstairs. The new address is 3/177 Priam Street, Chester Hill.

I was walking toward the old premises this afternoon and saw two signs in the window advising that they have moved to a new address a few doors back and upstairs. I didn't have to find it myself as a nice looking Chinese lady came running down the street after me and guided me back to the new entrance. Lucky I wasn't just trying to find the Pizza Hut!

It turns out I was their second customer on this first day.

The premises is clean, fresh and bright. It looks like it started as a residence, but it works fine as a massage shop. 

Rose led me to a bedroom that was set up with the usual Chinese medicine posters and nick-nacks, with a massage table (the one with the hole for your face) in the middle of the room. 

"Hard or soft", asked Rose. "Medium please". Thank goodness I didn't say hard because her medium massage just about crushed me at times, but she was very effective at working out the knots and did ask me from time to time, "that hurt?". Even when I said yes she didn't let up, but it was nice of her to ask...

Toward the end of the massage there was a fair amount of tackle tickle. She also positioned her crotch over my hand a couple of times. I could not see but I could feel that she had hoiked her dress up to offer me easy access.

After Rose towelled off the oil, she invited me to roll over. She gestured whether I wanted an HJ and her nude, to which I agreed. "$50" she said. Fair enough. "Do you suck?", I asked. "More money" she said. "Okay, how about $60 instead of $50", She quickly agreed.

She stripped off and jumped onto the table to squat between my legs. "I have good medicine for...", she pointed at my groin. Okay...

The good medicine turned out to be an oily massage around the groin, testicles, public bone area and lower abdomen. From time to time she would oil up my hard cock and give it a few slow pumps too. It was a tiny bit weird but the prolonged stimulation was quite erotic. 

After a good ten minutes or more of this, she cleaned off the oil and proceeded to suck my cock without a condom. Pretty good technique, and she positioned herself so I could finger her ever wetter pussy. She finished off by hand but the overall experience was very good. 

Rose cleaned me up with a bunch of Wet Ones. Once I was clean, she took my still half-hard cock in her mouth again and started pumping me in and out for 30 seconds or so, getting me harder and actually reaching close to deep throat performance. She then laughed and it was clear that our session was done.

Rose only works here on Thursdays. 

I would certainly come back and see her again - maybe for an hour next time as there was more than a hint that she wouldn't object to two shots!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th October 2018, 06:38 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The SeaRay now doing some OLA / TAXIFY ride share driving picked up a stocky middle aged Chinese MILF dressed in black hot pants at the Casino who wanted to go home to Chester Hill who I suspected may be a Madam or W.L. or M.L. who had been gambling all night. Whilst in the 40 minute trip, she touched me several times and when driving down Waldron Rd, I said there are many massage shops and she said would I like a massage then she said do I like Jig- Jig and I was going to offer her some $ but when arriving at her house behind Woolies, I thought better of it and went to this Massage Palour and was serviced by the "Flat Chested" Emily who I offered $20 for the tug and $20 for NUDE straight up. When she started to strip, she would not take of her Bra then I noticed she had NO Breasts, only Nipples which she was embassassed about, soon I had the Bra off and was sucking on her nipples but to make sure she was not a Tranny, I fingered her cunt until she climaxed...…………..just to make sure she was a girl, another interesting "Adventure of the SeaRay". .


