Thread Title: Harmony Thai Massage -  BANKSTOWN  - 0450 933 671
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2016, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: 
 Harmony Thai Massage -  BANKSTOWN  - 0450 933 671
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : Harmony Thai massage

Date of Visit : 15th July, 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Address: 140 Bankstown City Plaza, Bankstown NSW 2200

Phone: 0450 933 671

Hours of Business : 10 to 8:00pm

Rates : $60 for 60 Thai Oil Massage

Age : 22ish

Size/shape : Slim Thai Girl B boobs I think, but half of that could be bra

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Oil massage therapeutic with a last minute offer of a HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Heck was a good massage, not the best but far from teh worse.

having been recently re-introduced to the joys of a good oil massage, i thought I would try this place in Bankstown.

The standard three room place and the well preserved Mamasan, and is the norm, the slim young Thai girl to do the massage.

Enter Natalie, now this place is not mentioned in the forums, and I went in pretty much looking for an oil massage and if something else happened, BONUS.

The normal chit chat, English Student, studied massage in Thailand, wants to do hospitality after English, only works here Fridays etc

Well the standard oil massage ensured:
pressure through towel
back uncovered, and oil, deep muscle pressure
back covered
legs same thing
hot rocks placed (this was a bonus,and not to be ignored, the extra heat pack was very nice, vbut I would nto "pay"fo rit.
Roll over, left leg undraped, and rubbed
Right leg occasional accidental touch of the tackle
chest
then the surprising question "would you like a handjob".

She was doing a great massage but is clearly inexperienced with matters of the male seduction, no build up, just the question, literally as if she had been building up the courage to ask for the last 50 minutes.

Thus, i still had 95% of the blood supply still in my head, so I ask "How Much?"

Just as well I was lying down, her response was $50 WHAT! yes $50, I declined, she offered $40, I simply saw where this was heading and now with 97% of the available blood supply diverted to the big head I declined and thanked her very sincerely.

She did a great job of finishing me up and saw me out the door, I then offered the normal advice $20/$50 etc the look of horror on her face and the uttered words of "Ï could not do that!".

She is a cute lovely young girl who provides a good (not outstanding) massage.

I now need to find a quick and cheap RNT in Bankstown and let the tadpoles free.

Cheers


Chalk


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd August 2018, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Harmony Thai Massage

Date of Visit : July 2018

Address: 140 Bankstown City Plaza

Weblink : https://www.harmonythai.com.au/

Phone : 0450 933 671

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm 7 days

Rates : $70/hour plus tips

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Size 7, C cup, trimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Possibly

My experience/comments : Walked in without a booking and eagle eyed mamasan was behind the counter with quite a few girls chattering behind her (bit of a chook house really).  Paid $70 for an hour and mamasan got Sunny to show me through to a shoe box room. No more than massage table plus one metre clearance all round.  Clothes off and onto the table.  Sunny returns and starts a good oil massage.  Sunny's English is excellent and we have a good chat.  I do notice the walls are paper thin and the chook house noise is quite intrusive.  Sunny's oil massage is a good standard effort with some TT.  I ask re extras and she plays hard to get.  After I tell her I have a condom, we agree on $80 nude CBJ. HJ was $30 and Nude HJ was $50. I asked re FS and Sunny was quite coy and said she would have to think about it.  I didn't push the FS matter as the table was pretty rickety and the noises just outside the room were somewhat off putting.

Once Sunny has finished massaging my back she asks me to turn over and proceeds to strip off her clothes while I retrieve the $80 tip and condom from my pants pocket.  No front massage, just straight into the CBJ   Access all areas but "no inside".  CBJ was reasonable.  Very limited clean up with wet towel, luckily I had a hotel room with shower nearby as i was left pretty oily.  After I got dressed, back out to reception where I asked for a card with the ML's name on it - well, this sent the chook house into total and deafening overdrive and Sunny got quite red in the face   Presented my goodbys and out the door and down the stairs on the 60 min mark.

Summary:
Pretty cramped and noisy premises.Average pricingWIR?  Yes, I would have another session with Sunny.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th September 2018, 12:22 AM
Poster ID: pizzaman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Harmony Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 31st July 2018

Address: 140 Bankstown City Plaza

Weblink : https://www.harmonythai.com.au/

Phone : 0450 933 671

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm 7 days

Rates : $60/hour plus tips

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Slim and hot

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Too pricey for Bankstown


My Experience:
I rang up and booked for Sunny and asked if I could get a massage without oil as I prefer not to smell like oil for a while before I head home. 
She only charged me 60 for an hour. Walked in and was greeted by Sunny. She took me to the room. It was quite small. It wasn't noisy today as it was quiet. Lying face up with a towel covering my jewels I asked Sunny to focus on my thighs. As she started I asked her how much to see you undress. She said I don't do that. I said how about if I give you a fifty and she said ok. I gently caress her body while she is massaging my shoulders. I then asked her for a handjob and she said it'll be 30 extra. I couldn't say no and it was one amazing hand job. She let me come twice. Finished off with a foot massage. I hugged her and had a nice venture here.


