Thread Title: Helen - South Pacific Health Centre - 02 9716 0153
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th September 2019, 11:04 AM
Poster ID: foxmulder
Post Title: 
 Helen - South Pacific Health Centre - 02 9716 0153
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : South Pacific Health Centre

Date of Visit : Saturday 14th July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 298 Old Canterbury Rd Hursltone Park NSW 219

Phone : 0297160153

Hours of Business : 10am - 6pm (They will stay longer if you make a booking)

Rates : Standard Massage: I paid $70 for a half hour massage

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Nice body, good tits, not too bad at all.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This is a classic shop. Nothing fancy at all, but clean and functional. They have been around forever and it is always the same women. I had not visited them since probably 2016 or earlier, but I decided to pop up. I didn't even know if the shop would be open.
But it was, and I was a bit surprised to find Helen still there. I recall a couple of sessions with her years and years ago. I asked Helen about Angela and Cindy, and she confirmed that they are still there! I will make sure I will stop by again soon.
Helen works on Mondays, Tuesdays and Saturdays. I think Cindy was also there, but I couldn't see her. They were not very busy when I was there, mid morning.

Helen is very cheeky and playful and doesn't try to upsell at all times like others do, especially younger girls. I said this before, but mature chinese ladies are my favourite: they know what they are, they don't behave like princesses and they are generally very accomodating.

To the experience: I got undress and laid down, and Helen started the massage, which was good enough. But after 10 minutes, she started tickling me and boy it was bliss. I wanted to turn over but I was enjoying it so much. She has a great technique and she is very patient.

Anyway, I was quite excited and I had to turn over... She didn't even need to ask, she put some oil and started giving me a wonderful hand job. You know the type, when she goes slow but applying the right kind of pressure... At the same time, she was smiling and being cheeky... unlike other women, who only care about how quickly you can finish. At some point I started exploring her body and there was little resistance. Her tits popped out and I tasted them, which she liked. I didn't go further than that, but I am pretty sure much more is available for the right amount of money.

She got me really hard, which is not that easy anymore for a middle aged guy like me, and eventually I exploded. And here is the thing: she slowed down, and continued until I was fully done. You know all those women who immediately stop when they see your semen coming out? Not here, she knows that if done correctly the orgasm can continue for quite a while and be truly enjoyable.

It was magnificent, one of the best hand jobs I had recently. I felt wonderfully relaxed and even though she might have taken less I gave her $70, she truly deserved it.

Will I be back? Sure, but it is so far away from home or my workplace... But if you are in the vicinity, don't hesitate, if you like mature chinese women who know what they are doing. If you like young girls, this is not the place.


