Thread Title: J Spa Massage 62-74 Beamish St Campsie
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2016, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: 
 J Spa Massage 62-74 Beamish St Campsie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : J Spa Massage

Date of Visit :  04/06/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  1B 62-74 Beamish St Campsie PH 8385 7788

Hours of Business :  10am - 8pm

Rates : $35 half hour / $45 45 min / $60 hour

Age : Late 30s

Size/shape :  Slim, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Singapore Chinese

Services Provided :  Massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? :  Ok

My experience/comments : 

I went to Baili massage yesterday and as I am driving out of Campsie I see this shop. It is way down the northern end of Beamish St past the shops and after Ninth Avenue and is newly opened this week. Looks well fit out inside but massage rooms have curtains only and walls that don't reach the ceiling.

Jenny greets me at the door in what looks like a plain white massage uniform. Nice smile, slim and pretty but probably well into her 30s. I went for the half hour as this was a first visit. Jenny gives me a fairly forgettable massage but is cute and chatty throughout (for a real massage you need to go to Baili's around the corner in Ninth Avenue).

At turnover time the negotiations begin. I suggest HJ, Jenny asks how much tip will you give (here we go). I suggest $20 but Jenny wants $30. It looks like the whole thing will be off after we both refuse to give in. Then $50 for nude is suggested which I accept, only for the knickers to stay on. So Jenny wins on points there, but after punting overseas recently I realise Sydney is not bad value (but that's another story).

Jenny's happy ending was not very skilled (more of the jackhammer technique if you know what I mean). However when I suggested she slow down a bit and where to focus she actually listened and was across the line. By the way Jenny has a nice slim body and natural b cups. So a bit of a mixed punt but ok.

New place worth checking out.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st January 2017, 12:13 AM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo (or yuyu?)

Establishment : J Spa Massage

Date of Visit : January 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1B 62-74 Beamish St Campsie PH 8385 7788

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $35 half hour / $45 45 min / $60 hour

Age : Mid to Late 30's

Size/shape : Slim, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mainland Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments : 

Never tried this place, so I decided to give this place a go.

Was allocated Yoyo by the lady that introduced herself as Jennifer (she appears to be the head girl or the mama-san).

Massage commences, and I begin to feel up her legs, she had nice pins and she seemed cool with this, so good vibes.

Long story short, massage was quite decent, no TT or much teasing. On the flip, she asked me the universal question while pointing at my dick, and I was not one to argue for the agreed price of $30.

Managed to have a good grope at her titties inside her bra, which were full nice C cups that were well hidden when she was clothed, HJ was nothing home to write about but it served its purpose.

All in all, she seemed quite friendly with some banter, add titties and a handjob, and I really can't complain, but im eager to try out the different talent here.

Only real complaint, is that the partitioned rooms are not all the way up to the ceiling, so noise carries through very easily.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2017, 12:24 AM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm not going to write a full review, but I will add that I've visited a further 2 more times recently, one session with Jennifer, which I abruptly shortened after getting weird vibes from her.

She seemed to have a strict no extra policy, thats fair enough, but then she tried interrogate me and attempt to make me a snitch by ratting out the girl who did it for me before, she tried to lure me saying that she will massage my butt, but it was just adding insult to injury at that point, and I was getting a little pissed off tbh, so I asked if it was ok to decrease the initial booking time of 45min to 30min, which she was ok with. Jennifer has a good massage technique, but I did not really get along with her, and her strict no extras policy will mean I will probably avoid her at this place.

Another session with Anna, a cute nerdy type of girl, didn't ask but she looks to be early 20's, and is currently studying at University, her massage skills are not great, but she makes up for it with politeness and cuteness.
No extras with her it seems either, but shes young, cute and friendly, so I might be back trying to crack this nut lol.

Edit: 
I think there is a Jenny and a Jennifer at this place, so not to be confused for the same person.


