Thread Title: Jenny -N&J Thai Massage ? - Cahors Rd - Padstow  NSW - 8747 3206
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th December 2016, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: mrlova
Post Title: 
 Jenny -N&J Thai Massage ? - Cahors Rd - Padstow  NSW - 8747 3206
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : N& J Thai Massage ? not sure it was really bad writing.

Date of Visit : 14/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cahors Road Padstow near Mamma Della's Pizza Ph: 8747 3206

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : 60/Hour

Age : 26

Size/shape :  Skinny, lanky.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai, Udon 

Services Provided : Massage Only

Value for money/recommend? : if nothing else is happening then yes.

My experience/comments : Drove past this rd and saw this Pink massage shop, thought hello...couldn't see the name as it's really bad script writing..but Phone Number yes. Memorized it and kept repeating it to myself till I made a turn at the next opportunity and parked. Called, made  booking 60 per hour is what I was quoted.

Find parking outside the door, great.
Get in, individual rooms it looks like. Great looking good.
The girl that showed me to my room tells me to lie down and keep underwear on...damn. She was pretty plain looking, not much makeup and non revealing clothes.
I go in and lie down..wait...wait..wait..the girl who showed me in, is now attending to another customer..who won't stop giggling and saying stupid crap like "you like to read children books"..really weird shit.
Anyways I'm thinking wtf is going on here...then she comes back in and starts warming up my body..with the knees digging in to your hamstrings etc, it gets weird here, she starts spreading my butt and her thumb is at the bottom of my ball sack..i'm thinking OK maybe something is up..

Then she gets up and leaves and in and goes back to that weirdo....

So in comes Jenny who takes over...great. 
Jenny is slim and lanky...plain Jane.
Anyways what endured was a good solid massage...no funny business..nothing...damn.

Will I return ? I don't know...when I go to new places I do focus on where the lady is touching..but also try to suss out what the other punters are saying...and if I can here anything going on...so far looks like just the girls are baiting the men...and playing the game "something maybe on"...but it's legit from my experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2017, 03:34 PM
Poster ID: mrlova
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim or Keem Or Kheen...not sure her English wasn't that great.

Establishment : N& J Thai Massage ? not sure it was really bad writing.

Date of Visit : 22/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cahors Road Padstow near Mamma Della's Pizza Ph: 8747 3206

Hours of Business : 10am -9pm

Rates : 60/Hour

Age : 32

Size/shape : Skinny. Square shaped head.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai.

Services Provided : Massage Only

Value for money/recommend? : Had a job interview today and it's my first job interview in over 4 months of applying and getting rejected on over 67 applications. So was kinda stressed, decided to get a massage to calm to me down. Popped in here again, didn't request anyone was lead to a room, Kim/Keem/Kheen I couldn't really understand her, started the massage, she pulled down my briefs pretty far so I am pretty positive next time I can go in undraped. I'm not sure what the go is here, either they are looking for a guy to marry and get a visa...or maybe some extras on offer however most of the rooms are separated by a curtain..... Here are my summary points

- Massage was good
- She told me in Thailand there is a gel, you eat it and you get a hard on for 30 minutes...she told me this in the first five minutes of the massage.
- She told me she used to work near PatPong night market in a shop...so she definitely was a tugger in the Land of Smiles
- She kept asking me if I had been to Pattaya and if I had a Thai girlfriend (this is normally their way of sussing if you are a sex tourist etc) 
- She kept asking me if I like to watch naked girl dance in Thailand..
- On the flip she only massaged my upper thighs and kept smiling at my lil bro.
- She told me she is studying as per her visa requirements but is sick of studying and doesn't want too anymore but must to keep her visa in check.

I didn't ask the question as I have a stamp loyalty card, On my last visit I got a few extra stamps....so my next massage is half price....I will ask then if I get rejected it's only $30 damage. if It's a yes..then hey Hj and Massage for around $50-60...win.


ok brothers...if you are into a Thai woman and want a thai wife / gf...then maybe you can score here. But beware these girls possibly have a starting side and a reserve bench in case none of their star lineups pop the marriage question.

place is near Mamma Della pizza...I like this shop now, cause after the massage I had a pizza and coke, and watched fitness videos.


