Thread Title: Lilly - 232 Beamish Street Campsie
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th October 2018, 04:14 PM
Poster ID: jethro751
Post Title: 
 Lilly - 232 Beamish Street Campsie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : 232 Beamish Street Campsie up on the first level first shop down the corridor.

Date of Visit : 4/10/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :No phone for the business but walk in and its quiet during the day and then get a contact number.

Hours of Business : Lilly works every Monday, Tuesday and Thursday here from 9.30 to 8 pm

Rates : For massage

Rates 30 minutes $35
Rates 45 minutes $50
Rates 60 minutes $55
Rates 90 minutes $90 
Age : 40

Size/shape : Tall 5' 8" nice legs and body athletic and pretty MILF face. 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : Body massage, NHJ, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes nice sexy girl and good strong massages

My experience/comments : Nana from the shop at 440 Stoney Creek rd told me that she also works at this place as Lilly on the days as indicated so its the same deal as that place but you must be discreet as they are sensitive to council rules.
There are three girls doing various shifts and I assume they are all offering the same and maybe more.
Blowjobs are covered because no showers or sink near the rooms and they just use wet wipes and dry towels.

This is from the other review...
We started with a firm massage and I asked about extras and Nana whispered that she does naked hand jobs and covered blow jobs for $50 extra so I went with this option.

Nana stripped naked and she has a sexy athletic body and her boobs are more than a hand full and nice long legs that are very firm and shapely from periodical jogging sessions.

She started with the hand job with some oil and it was very good with balls massage with one hand and the other on cock massage and after a while put a condom on and gave me a covered blow job which was nice.

Now I cant cum from a covered blow job so we went back to the hand job and finished me off while I had a grope of those nice boobs and a feel of her pussy.

She said that the manager is very strict about the no sex rule here so I wouldn't push it as she could get fired.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd November 2018, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: jethro751
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lilly has been in Taiwan for the past five weeks and is now back today at Beamish street.
I called in at 2.30 pm after some city jobs and booked an hour with her.
Her name is Lala now and she is still hot for a 40 year old MILF.
I opted for the $50 naked hand job and covered blow job on top of the $55 hourly massage rate.
She has a very sexy tall athletic body and if there were showers there I would like to fuck her.
The massage was professional and it felt very good.
She only works here on Thursdays now and Friday and Sunday at 440 Stoney Creek rd Bexley.


