Thread Title: M & M Remedial Massage Centre - 98 Waldron Rd, Chester Hill - 9644 9946
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 10:22 PM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 M & M Remedial Massage Centre - 98 Waldron Rd, Chester Hill - 9644 9946
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment :M & M Remedial massage centre 

Date of Visit : 18.10.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Only one I could find from local rag     localnewsplus - local news at your fingertips



Hours of Business : I think 10 to 8

Rates : I took 1 hour for $55, I am pretty sure the 30 min is $35

Age : mid to late 40's

Size/shape : tubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage-  hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Firstly there is another place about 6 doors down that has been reviewed - I think No#90

I really needed a massage I knew of the other place as mentioned and was not too inspired by previous reviews, so I thought I would take one for the team and try this place out.

Its an old shop and has a curtain setup, although they are very thick curtains. 

I am pretty sure Mandy is the owner, she asked hard soft medium which is always a good sign. I opted for hard. She periodically asked if the massage was ok in which I assured her she was doing a good job, I was not telling porky pies as it was a good massage.

She has a rotation technique where she is kind of doing laps of the massage table (not fast) slow and steady and its kind of is really effective in helping sore areas. At first I was skeptical, more so since recent punts have not been that great.

There was another punter, that came in after me and also another that was prepared to wait the 15 minutes or so at the end. the phone was also  ringing and a couple other punters that were not prepared to wait so looks like a popular shop. 

Asked to turn over and Many asked if I wanted a hj for $20 - tbh I was really not going to go for the extra, but ugh when in Rome. The hj was just ok but I got over the line, I did not ask about other extras

After cleaning me up and giving me a head massage Mandy brought my change from the $50 and an extra $5 - she said you still have a little bit of time, do you want some money back or a bit more massage, I looked at the clocked and I really thought I was either on time or over, but if it was short of time it was not much, and her honesty I found refreshing.

Many is service orientated and a few times said, "you happy? - please come back"

I am not too sure if other extras are on offer, as I say I was not in that zone more so just for the massage.

Recommended and I will be back.

* Pic attached - not the best, but will give you an idea of the window shop to look out for.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2019, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Any recent intel on this shop? Interested to know what if any extras are available? Thanks MB.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th November 2019, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
MB,

They are a 90% legit, and 10% extras, so good massage, but half the time they do not offer extras, other half the time the extras are limited to a clothed hand job.

Great massage though, no showers.


