Thread Title: Natural Massage - 15 Old Town Plaza, Bankstown - 02 9707 3853
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th June 2010, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: 
 Natural Massage - 15 Old Town Plaza, Bankstown - 02 9707 3853
				
Post Content: 
Hi All,

Been a bit busy working and punting and not seeming to have enough time for posting.

Saw Jo Jo at this place in Bankstown, right opposite the station, upstairs next to the Comm Bank.

Jo Jo is introduced to me in a pair of jeans and a loose top over a nicely supported set of B cups.

She is a fully trained masseuse having spent $5k in China to learn over 3 months, so the rub is actually quite good.

The tug got sort of interesting,, no build up, no teasing, no sensuality, just a turn over and:

"You want extras"? she asks in a hopeful voice.

"What do you offer?" I ask her

"Clothed hand job $20"

"Naked Hand Job $30" 

"Sex $50 "

I was a bit surprised as how cheap sex was, $20 over a handjob,.....

Jo Jo is well worth the effort, I'd book her for the hour ($50) and then go to town, the 10 minutes left in the massage was just not enough to do the business properly for me.

They have a shower, and the place is nice and clean.

There are a variety of girls there and they all run their own thing, I normally see Amy, and she is a real sweetheart and I may consider a dalliance with her when she returns from China.

Jo Jo speaks good English and is very pleasing on the eye.

I also learnt some business facts, the girls get 50% of the massage fee.

Mamasan in this case is Korean, but speaks Chinese, the girls can offer any extras they like, without take from Mamasan.

It has been very quiet and they are a little worried.

There is a sister place in Campsie and Campsie seems to do much better.

I'll be back to see Amy and Jo jo.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th June 2010, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: 
 15 Natural Massage Bankstown - 4/05/10 - Amy
				
Post Content: 
This was my second visit to see Amy in this store.

As I walked up the stairs, Amy saw me coming and got up and assumed ownership of me over the other ladies there, I do not know if the other ladies were next, or whether Amy "owned" me as a return client, either way, the slim young lady in a figure hugging black dress showed me into the massage room.

Asked me how long and took my $30 dollars for 30 minutes, I stripped off and was down to my jocks when she came back in, she immediately came over and gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

I reciprocated and then eased the dress off her shoulders to down around her waist, her bra was a little scratchy, so I took that off as well. We stayed there caressing and hugging each other for about 15 minutes, oh somewhere Amy got my jocks off, and started attending to me.

I ended up lying on the massage table, with a half naked Amy beside me. Eventually she got me to come and finished my time off with a head massage.

I thanked her, paid another $20 directly to her and left.

Amy told me that she would be leaving for China for a holiday for three weeks and that I should see her when I got back.

On the way out I saw another lady, and this one seemed to have a rather large set of breasts, I think I'll see her next week


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th February 2011, 10:04 PM
Poster ID: matty_puma
Post Title: 
 happy ending in bankstown :)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Various girls work at this establishment 

Establishment : Massage parlor bankstown

Contact Details/Address: bankstown station next to commonwealth bank

Hours of Business: open till late

Prices: $30 1/2 hour $60 1 hour + extras depends on masuse

Age: 20's - 30's

Size/shape: average body type

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: Massage (happy)

Value for money/recommend?: Yes girls are welcoming and also provide some extra services the extra services are depending on the girl, but all generally finish off with a happy ending

My experience/comments: I had a few experiences at this massage parlor at bankstown station would definately come back and the ladies are all very welcoming and happy to give the little bit of extra service.. the decor isnt the greatest and the massages are mediocre however you will get the happy ending you require


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th January 2012, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: matty_puma
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hey guys just thought you may all want to check this place out again incase you havnt been here for a while. By the looks of things ownership has now changed as there is a new regular lady at the reception and when i have recently been FS has always been on offer for $50 whenever I have seen one of the new girls. The massages are decent with prices still at your usual $30 for 30 mins or $50 for a hour.... and then also standard $20 for HJ and i think around $30 - $40 for a CBJ


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th August 2012, 09:05 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 15 Old Town Plaza Bankstown 9707 3853
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leena

 Establishment : No name just massage sign

 Date of Visit : 17 August 2012

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertises in Bankstown Torch - Korean/Chinese Relax Massage.  Next to Commonwealth Bank

 Hours of Business : UnK

 Rates : $50/hr + 20 HJ or +30 Nude HJ or +50 Nude Bodyslide and BJ

 Age : Mature, perhaps 40

 Size/shape : Size 10 approaching 12 perhaps - C cup

 Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC at a guess

 Services Provided : I opted for $80 Nude Massage and HJ

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Proceeded up the stairs and had to use the buzzer to be let in through door at top of stairs.  Met by Leena and was shown straight into room.  No choice of girl or offer of shower.  I opted for a 1 hour massage with nude HJ option for $80.  Leena left the room while I undressed.  The room was quite small and cramped seemed clean enough at first glance though.  After I had undressed I noticed the disposable cover on the massage table looked used so when Leena returned I asked for a new one.  No problem, Leena took the old one off and got a new one from a packet under the table.

On to the table and Leena removed all her clothes.  Bit of a tummy and shaved.  Leena started with a very heavy massage and I quickly stopped her before she managed to break something and after I had got my breath back asked for a soft massage.  She went straight into erotic massage mode with lots of tackle tickle from behind mixed with much body sliding.  Very nice overall.  After turnover, more of the same on the front.  BJ was offered which was nice but I declined. I assume this would have been extra $.  Seemed quite happy with touching from me and nothing seemed to be off limits.  HJ was good with plenty of slow body and head massage afterwards.  Gave me the full hour, no rushing me out of the door.  As I was leaving I saw a younger asian girl sitting in front room watching TV, place seemed very quiet didn't hear the phone ring at all.

From the wording in the Torch ad, seems to be associated with; 573 Canterbury Road, Campsie.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st March 2013, 06:53 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Going to bankstown soo, so just checking a few of the reviews.    I went to this place a few times before joining auxxreviews. 

This place is described (correctly) as upstairs next to Comm Bank - so the correct addres is 15 Bankstown City Plaza.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th April 2013, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa
Establishment : No name just massage sign

Date of Visit : 8 April 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertises in Bankstown Torch - Korean/Chinese Relax Massage. Next to Commonwealth Bank

Hours of Business : UnK

Rates : $50/hr + 20 HJ or +30 Nude HJ or +50 Nude Bodyslide and BJ

Age : Guessing mid 20s

Size/shape : Size 10 C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC 

Services Provided : I opted for $100 Nude Massage, body slide and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps YMMV

My experience/comments : Proceeded up the stairs and door was unlocked this time, met by older woman who asked me if I wanted a massage and then beckoned a Lisa out of the ML lounge behind reception and took us down to the back room.  The behavior of both women said to me Lisa was new to this. Momasan pushed us both into the room, asked me for $50 for the hour and left us to it, closing the door behind her.

Lisa's English was almost non existent and in the end gave her $50 on the basis of sign language clothes off and HJ.  Surprisingly It was a very pleasant hour of GFE, good massage with some prompting and demonstration on her (I quite enjoyed that), light kissing with Lisa lying beside me on the table, lots of TT incl light external anal and very good HJ.

Lack of English could be a real frustration in a 30 min session as it was all sign language/demo.  Terms such as  "too hard", "slower" etc were unknown

As previously reported, the rooms are quite small and cramped but clean enough and they use disposable covers on the massage table.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th July 2013, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: matty_puma
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy
Establishment : Natural Massage

Date of Visit : 9 July 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertises in Bankstown Torch - Korean/Chinese Relax Massage. Next to Commonwealth Bank

Rates : $50/hr + 20 HJ or +40 for FS / $35 30mins

Age : 30s

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : $35 for 30 mins + $40 FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : So I heard this place was now under new management so I thought I would see if the new management is as good as it used to be. Sorry to disappoint, however, I don't think I will be returning to this establishment for quite sometime. I arrived and opted for the 30 minute massage and when I stripped down and the massage started she started telling me about how i was handsome and that she had a cousin back in China that was my age and was saying how if she ever came into aus that she could be mine if i wanted. To be honest this made me quite uncomfortable and was not a good start to my massage. Anyways when it came time to turn over she couldn't get me over the line as she continued to talk about her niece whilst trying to get me up but all in all it was too distracting. anyways once i got it up she asked if i wanted to "jiggy jiggy" and said that it was $40 and i agreed, expecting her to strip down she had some generic lingerie on underneath with a hole in the crotch and honestly i could smell her dirty pussy as i began fucking her and went limp almost instantaneously and she then tried to finish me off but i was completely repulsed and ended up finishing myself off at the end of the session... 

here I have taken one for the team and i recommend you guys steer clear from this establishment...


Floor: #9
Post Time: 9th July 2013, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: cheekie81
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by matty_puma


 generic lingerie on underneath with a hole in the crotch and honestly i could smell her dirty pussy as i began fucking her and went limp almost instantaneously and she then tried to finish me off but i was completely repulsed and ended up finishing myself off at the end of the session... 

here I have taken one for the team and i recommend you guys steer clear from this establishment..
"""



Yuk! Defenatly took one for the team!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th January 2014, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Susie (I think due poor Engrish, sounded more like Shussey)

Establishment : No name just massage sign

Date of Visit : 12 January 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertises in Bankstown Torch - Korean/Chinese Relax Massage. Next to Commonwealth Bank

Hours of Business : UnK

Rates : $50/half hr RnT + $20 Nude

Age : Guessing 40s

Size/shape : Size 8 slim A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : I opted for half hour nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not

My experience/comments : Proceeded up the stairs and door was locked, buzzed and let in by Susie who asked me if I wanted a massage and and took me down to the back room. 

As previously reported, the rooms are quite small and cramped but clean enough and they use disposable covers on the massage table. 

I am glad I only opted for half hour session.  Susie's back half massage was OK as a medium therapeutic massage but had nil sensual value........  On the roll over after a token chest rub she went straight for the tug with little ant only at half mast which was off putting.  I had to suggest that perhaps a little warm up tickle might be in order first.  As soon as little ant was a full mast Susie went back to the tug in jackhammer overdrive mode .........  , I had to suggest a gentler approach might be more appropriate and at the very least would leave me without any lasting injury.

We eventually got there but not very satisfying service.  Wouldn't recommend Susie (Shussey)  She works Sunday/Monday BTW.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 13th October 2015, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : JoJo

Establishment : Unsure - doesn't seem to have a name - Bankstown Massage I guess.

Date of Visit : 13 October 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : See below

Hours of Business : 10 to 8

Rates : $110/hr inclusive

Age : Early 30's I reckon

Size/shape : Medium size 8. C cup. Trimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : No review for over a year and mine was the last one   Thought I had better TOFTT seeing as I was in the area.  

Still advertises in the BC Torch:

"Bankstown
New ladies daily. Excellent FB 
msge. 15 City Plaza. 8739 4430
0459 328 033. Next CBA"

Also BP (don't event think of trusting the photos)

Sensational Massage from $35 by Cute & Sweet Girls - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com

Dropped in without a booking, as per previous visits, door locked so had to use the buzzer.  JoJo opened the door, quite friendly, took me through to the end room past Mamasan who was lying down in the bedroom behind reception.  JoJo asked me how long and I opted for 1 hour.  OK folks, things have changed from this point on =>  

I was asked for $110 up front all inclusive .......... very interesting - I guess 60+50 nude RnT = standard pricing.  I Gave JoJo $120 and told her to keep the change.  "Clothes off" and pointing at the table, JoJo then left the room with the $.  I stripped off and sat on the table waiting her return.  JoJo came back with a towel and .............. wait for it .........a condom - very interesting, things have changed  since my last visit.  

Anyway, we introduced ourselves while JoJo stripped off then she walked to where I was sitting on the table and we went into a 10 minute full-on unhurried pash session (with the exception of DFK).  Wow, made me feel 18 again .  As JoJo seemed to be getting right into it I suggested she might like to rest on the table for some undivided attention from me.  Big smile as she hopped on the table face up.  Nice body, no tatts, no nasty smells so built up to some DATY.  This really got JoJo going and she got really wet, no lube required here folks.  Cum half time, we swapped and JoJo gave me a slow build up to a wonderful BJ (covered at my request).  FS was on offer but this time I opted for BJ to completion which was done very expertly.  5 minute recovery cuddle/fondle on the table followed by a a nice 15 min massage to finish.

JoJo saw me out with  lovely GFE kiss cuddle and hug.  JoJo is a Tuesday girl and has been here for 7 months studying (you can guess the subject).  Whatever else she has been studying while she has been here, JoJo sure known how to give a full-on GFE session.  As always, YMMV.

To me, excellent value for $110 (+$10 change) for 1 hour enthusiastic GFE.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 13th October 2015, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mods, BTW, just noticed the landline phone number has changed from the one listed on the originating post header.  Might be worthwhile updating.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 18th March 2016, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : Chinese Massage

 Date of Visit : 18 March 2015

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : See below

 Hours of Business : 10 to 8

 Rates : $35/30min plus $30 tip

 Age : Early 20's I reckon

 Size/shape : Medium size 8. C cup.

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Shanghai PRC

 Services Provided : First Date GFE

 Value for money/recommend? : Yep

 My experience/comments : 

Rolled up and was met at door by a mobile cleavage, there may of been other things to see, but I experienced that tunnel vision that can only be induced by a too full sack and a good set of lingerie (and some tits of course).

I must of got some oxygen somewhere as I noted the cleavage was connected to a medium blue dress.

My concentration was restored when the girl (I assumed the cleavage was connected to a girl,...) turned around breaking my eye contact and I realised that I was being lead off to the back room with the dragon lady telling me that she was "very good".

Anyway, once in the room I asked what Ms Cleavage was "very good" at, and realised that the mobile cleavage could not speak more than three words of English.  

So long story short, I stripped off for a 30min massage, onto the table and I realised that Ms Cleavage (must be respectful here), could not speak English and could not massage, thus I started wondering what skills Dragon Lady was describing was "Very good". 

So paying homage to Braniac's "seduction" strategy, I got off the table and asked her to turn around and showed her what a massage was meant to feel like, I then got her on the table and continued my tutorial.  Of course to be effective, I had to raise/lower/undo a number of items of clothing.  Poor girl was almost naked at the end of the lesson.

About this time I got back on the table, she wiped me down with a wet one and proceeded to provide a cat bath, a licking and sucking of the balls, a couple of touches of the old fella with her tongue, a lot of laughing, Spanish, hand job, nipple play (she has very interesting nipples, almost like umbrella shapes).

All up a lot of dirty clean fun.

I came, she cleaned up and then she gave me her telephone number?....

Along the way I learned that her name was Monica (yeah right,...) and that she was from Shanghai.  (Ruins my theory about C/D cups coming from the north).

All this extra for $30, maybe she will call me for extra's 

I'll be back when ever I am back in the area.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 31st December 2016, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: pizzaman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 30/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/BodyRub...girls/17941447 
On cracker they just opened one in Yagoona

Hours of Business : 10 to 8

Rates : $35/30min plus $50 tip

Age : Early 20's 

Size/shape : Medium size, small tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Shanghai 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : 
Read some bad reviews about this place on some sites and some really good ones so I thought I would try and see it for myself as it was dirt cheap.
Pressed the bell and a young mamasan came to greet me and walk me up the stairs and said what you want.
I said I want massage.
She say first time.
I say no no many times.
Even though I haven't been before in hoping I get the good stuff.
I gave her 35 dollars for half an hour.
I was shown the room. Man is that room tiny. 
You lie on some paper on the table and theres a basket full of used paper under the table. Imagine how much cum is in that basket lol.
Anyways a hot young chinese girl walked in and I got straight off the table naked started touching her hips. Then she say 30 dollars. I gave her 30 and I slowly took all her clothes off. I kept feeling all over her body and rubbing her clit. Then I lifted one of her legs and placed her on the table and started sucking her nipple.
And then licked her pussy. 
And then I asked her for a condom and she didn't understand. I kept motioning to her with my hands to try to show her. 
Still no luck. 
I got a blowjob and then gave her an extra 20. 
No massage just a whole lot of silly fun in half an hour.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 3rd June 2018, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mods,  This place has closed.


