Thread Title: Remedial Massage & Accupuncture - 2-6 Messiter St Campsie - 02 8054 5599
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th August 2018, 10:14 AM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: 
 Remedial Massage & Accupuncture - 2-6 Messiter St Campsie - 02 8054 5599
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Remedial Massage & Accupuncture Shop 6, 2-6 Messiter St Campsie (enter from Canterbury Rd)

Date of Visit :  04/08/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : See above

Phone :   8054 5599

Hours of Business :  10am till late (as per business card)

Rates : $35 half, $45 45 min, $55 hour

Age : around 50

Size/shape :  Short, friendly, milfy

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Northern Chinese

Services Provided :  Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Average, but has potential

My experience/comments : 

This place caught my eye while driving past last week so I thought I would TOFTT and give it a try. The place is in the ground floor of a modern apartment building, with shop front facing Canterbury road and I think the residential entrance is in the side street. I was greeted at the door by Lilly who had virtually no English but a very detailed sign on the wall had the various prices - many combinations listed such as neck, shoulders only, back etc. This screamed out pure remedial massage but I thought I give it a go anyway.

Rooms are lined up on the side with only curtains for doors and sound does travel- I could hear the other massage lady and her customer talking wherever they spoke. On the positive side the place was modern, clean and the Boss lady who came out at the beginning was also very friendly. I went for a 45 minute massage, Lilly's massage was very good which confirmed the tendency to it being more pure remedial. 

My advice regarding this place is it is similar to Baili at 9th Avenue Campsie, mostly straight massage but more could be on offer depending on the lady and number of visits.

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th August 2018, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw this shop advertise on gumtree. It didn't sound like a legit shop in the ad and I thought extras were available. It didn't last long before getting taken down by gumtree.

A woman already suspected it as being a brothel before it opened
https://www.planningalerts.org.au/applications/939461


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th August 2018, 09:15 AM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has anyone actually had extra HJ here? I went one evening and didn’t file a report as it was a straight massage and I didn’t feel the opportunity to ask for more without offending so I didn’t.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th August 2018, 07:05 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Check the gold section


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th February 2019, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Teri

Establishment : Remedial Massage & Acupunture

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/2-6 Messiter St Campsie

Phone : 80545599

Hours of Business : 10am-late

Rates : $55/hour

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Short, sz 6?

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : massage only

Value for money/recommend? : average and likely wont be back

My experience/comments : Was around the area and thought i'd try. Had seen their ads in the classifieds and previous reviews here.  Walked in and a young girl came out who could hardly speak any english. Has a nice looking face, wearing a baggy tshirt so couldnt get a good look at her figure but doesnt looks skinny. Opted for 1 hour and got on the table nude. She came in and put a towel over me and started doing the pressure point type massage through the towel. After about 10 minutes, she started using oil. Massage was only average and i assume she is only learning. Didnt get close to any fun bits and didnt even get to flip. She did the front of the legs by getting you to bend them to the side.  

The guy next door had an older milf wearing a summer dress who could speak english. Heard pieces of their conversation including if he wanted extras.  He took the HJ and the lady was asking why he didnt want her nude and if he was trying to save money!  Could hear the fun going on next door and he was quite obvious when he came. I asked Terri if she also did HJ's but was she had an embarrasses look and told no and left it at that.

There are 4 cubicles with side walls that go to the ceiling but as mentioned previously, only curtains for the doors.  

The manager was sitting at the front desk when i finished but she was dressed in more formal wear with heels. They offer health fund rebates (at a higher price) and also a loyalty card with 50% off after the 10th massage.


