Thread Title: Roy Thai Massage - Yagoona - (02) 8710 1651
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd June 2016, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: mrlova
Post Title: 
 Roy Thai Massage - Yagoona - (02) 8710 1651
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katieeeeeeeee

Establishment : Roy Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 22/06/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (02) 8710 1651  489 Hume Highway Yagoona NSW 2199 *[Moderator Edit]*

Hours of Business : 10-9pm 7 days I was told.

Rates : $59 hour for oil

Age : 25

Size/shape : Short, Pale face, cute, curvy, covered up.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : For a massage maybe, the oil is nice.

My experience/comments : 

Driving home I saw this Massage Shop newly opened in Yagoona, opposite KFC. I thought about time.

Then googled it...couldn't find much on it, searched this site quickly..nothing.., so thought..they lets try it out. Went last night, no booking made and was asked to pay first..OK, paid $59 for a oil massage she told it would be relaxing...I thought ok maybe something is on.

Get into the room, was told to undress but leave the underwear on...damn. Massage starts with the usual Thai style of them kneeling on your body loosening everything up. She then pulls down my briefs below my butt..but doesn't ask to take em off...starts with the oil massage, really good..really relaxing, she kept massaging my butt, but nothing to suggest a HJ was on offer. 

Then she massaged my back from the top of the table, and now I can feel her tits against my head..I thought wow..we on, she's gonna offer. She massages my legs, flip over. Eyes covered with towel. Dam. She begins massage covering me up, one leg at a time...and then..nothing, no TT..no where near the jewels.. 

I asked her name, she said Kaiteeeeeeeeee i replied "Katie", she said no, Katieeeeeeeee really focusing on the eeeeeee.

I will go back in a couple weeks.....massage was not bad. Sorry for my bad grammar, I am typing up while trying to multi task, if I don't type this info up now..then will get delayed more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd August 2016, 09:09 AM
Poster ID: ColKilgore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Mrlova, saw this place recently too as I drove by and was intruiged, so nice to see a preliminary review of the place. 

Might give it a go soon and lose the underwear... I do hate getting oil on them

Cheers,
Kilgore.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd August 2016, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: maugoat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BEWARE of the original link or going to their website.
My Norton software warns of a security problem even if you google the business name to get to the website


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th August 2016, 06:30 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by maugoat


BEWARE of the original link or going to their website.
My Norton software warns of a security problem even if you google the business name to get to the websit
"""



Thanks maugoat. My anti virus is saying its a dangerous site too. I have removed the link.


