Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th November 2017, 05:50 PM
Poster ID: funnyredfrog
Post Title: 
 Shop 26 26/5-11 Sixth Avenue Campsie - 0452 403 258
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana and someone

Establishment : Shop 26 Sixth Avenue Campsie

Date of Visit : weekday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????The best Asian Style Massage NEW GIRLS???? ??NOW OPEN!!!!! - Sydney therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $35 1/2 hour $55 1 hour

Age : early twenties and early forties

Size/shape : tallish, slim, B cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yep

I have been here a couple of times before and the only remarkable thing about the shop for me is that - whereas a WL or ML at other shops will exaggerate their reactions and FOAM up big time..at this shop becuase the sound proofing is non existant everything is hush hush

and if you end up doing anything to the girls then they are biting their lip and covering their mouths and strenuous movements are discouraged  - its like sexy stuff in silent mode - - so i actually find that more arousing i found

on the last visit.. i was given lala an early 20s girl from Canton....and last time i saw her i remembered she struggled with my size in fs or convincingly pretended to do so....so much so that i was done in about 10 mins of stealthy slow pumping (kinda wasted an hour session)

this time i got a massage first and when i suggested fs she mumbled something in bad english but super quietly abot getting another girsl in to do something while she did something or other...for $80 tip

it was the end ofa busy day and i was tired so i said sure whatever... how bad can it be

then she came back took her bra off but left all her clothes on and procceded to cat bath the front of me with break neck speed

meanwhile...what turned out to be the mamasan came in..move out of sight and stripped

then she appeared next to the table and started a hj with oil.....while the 25 yr old was still going on the cat bath

i told them to ditch the hj and why dont they both get down to a double bbbj.(one handles the shaft the other can do the balls)....unfortunately something was lost in communication at this point and mamasan instead jumped on the table to ride me......

but that was pretty good...she was pretty tight....and was going up and down with some urgency...meanwhile the 25yr old went back to the nipples and was going hell for leather... she also grabbed my hands and placed them on her breasts....and even though i almost never come when the girls on top...after 5 mins of that i came... i think it was the double attention

so i give them points for enthusiasm although next time i prefer to control the pace of things


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 06:23 PM
Poster ID: funnyredfrog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yaya

Establishment : Shop 26 Sixth Avenue Campsie

Date of Visit : weekday last week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????The best Asian Style Massage NEW GIRLS???? ??NOW OPEN!!!!! - Sydney therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $35 1/2 hour $55 1 hour

Age : 40s

Size/shape : tallish, slim, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage (bailed before time)

Value for money/recommend? : not really....

Was passing by after work so decided to give this place a go....

The ML allocated was pretty bad ( older and not milfy old but just old) but i went with it becuase its Christmas and sometimes older can be skilled and so make up for it

ANyway the massage turned out to be pretty average as well

And 10 min into the hour i wanted to bail

but then another customer came in and took a girl into the next room...the walls here are paper thin by the way...shortly after that guy went into the room there were muffled voices and then for the next 20 mins this guy was pounding away and so you could hear the shaking of the massage table followig by her moans...she was trying to stay silent but it wasnt working...that madeit hotter to listen to.....

meanwhile i was having the very definiton of a mediocre massage but the show next door was giving me a hard on so i couldnt leave as early as i wanted to without mr wood pecker showing...so i had to wait until this guy left...20 or so mins later....then things died down downstairs..i made an excuse and left...and went someonewhere else for a proper release ..............


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd September 2018, 09:05 PM
Poster ID: dpsdvmh6
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna 

Establishment: Campsie Remedial Massage

Date of Visit : 2/9/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 26/5-11 Sixth Ave, Campsie

Phone : dunno

Hours of Business : 9:30 am to 8:30 pm

Rates : $50/45 mins

Age : late 20s/early 30s

Size/shape : Petite; slight chubby around the middle. B Cups, firm butt

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC Chinese

Services Provided : massage, cbj, ball licking, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Sure

My experience/comments : So I've been feeling toey the last few days, and I had a Sunday rendezvous planned with my regular...who then texted me to say she wasn't feeling 100% and was heading home. Oh well- desperately start trawling the forums to see what's on the way home, and I thought I'd give the red light district that is now Campsie a go. 

I pull up on Sixth Avenue, and I know I've got 3 ML shops on the shop- all sure bets (thanks, AUXXX community!). I slip into Shop 26, and two girls are on duty. I opt for the more petite one. Anna asks me how long. I slip her a 50, and then another 50 with a wink  She's curvy, with a pretty face. I run a hand up her leg, and her butt is pretty damn firm with no hail damage. 

20 minutes and one pretty average aimless massage later, Anna asks me to turn over. She's got a condom at the ready, and proceed to give me a nice CBJ. Some ball action is thrown in, but before long I decide to flip her on her back and start pumping away. I switch to standing doggy, and it's all over far too soon (my fault). Dammit!

Great value punt, but the reports are true. No soundproofing at all, and tiny cubicles. Still a fun afternoon regardless.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th October 2018, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: funnyredfrog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hira

Establishment : Shop 26 Sixth Avenue Campsie - aka 26/94 Beamish st, Campsie

Date of Visit : weekend

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_274...-Must-Try.html

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $35 1/2 hour $60 1 hour

Age : late twenties

Size/shape : short slim, slim, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : said Japanese...

Services Provided : massage, 

Value for money/recommend? : so so

I hadn't tried here for a while and i hate going to the same place all the time...so i like to change venues but that means every now and again you end up with duds

When i walked in everything was dark and the girls were layin on their beds in the room...i took the first girl who popped her head out the door

turns out it was the japanese girl... she was nice ...but she is more of your suburban japanese girl rather than any glamour japanese ML or WL

she wore t shirt and shorts none of which were flattering or sexy or alluring

her fees were +15  +20 over the normal rates for the Chinese girls....she showed me that on her phone under which in big letters it read NO SEX

turns out that sign was true

she gave a pretty good massage...and only HJ on the menu...and given the massage wasnt sexy at all.. i had no inclination to pay for the HJ...so i left with no part 2

while i was there 3 guys came in asking for the japanese girl (which made the other chinese girls pissed - there is no privacy in this place and u can hear every movement and sound)...good thing the japanese girl didnt understand chinese.....


