Thread Title: Carla - Walkerville - 0473 794 830
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2017, 09:51 AM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Carla - Walkerville - 0473 794 830
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carla

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16/11/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Beautiful brunette Bombshell Walkerville $100??????? - Adelaide body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9-5 Monday to Saturday 

Rates : $200 per hour + extras

Age : says 29 but I reckon 35

Size/shape : curvy/solid/fit size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : rub & tug, cbj, 

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 

I had been eyeing off this ad on cracker for a while and was feeling horny so gave her a buzz. She is very secretive about her location - told me to drive to a certain street near a certain address and then call her. Once I arrived at the destination, she told me to walk up a driveway (it's in a block of units) and then she will call out to me on my way thru.

So once she got me in the door, I was fretted with a handshake and some huge tits spilling out of her lingerie. Was led upstairs to her tiny massage room, which is decked out with a bed and massage table against the wall.

she wanted to get the financials out of the way first and asked if I wanted any extras. I hadn't intended on any so only had $30 extra in my wallet. She said she could give me a blowjob for that. I was hoping it would be bbbj, but she immediately got a franger out in preparation.

Onto the massage. She said she likes to start with sports massage and then get sensual which is just how I like my rubs. Her technique is great, deep enough and hard enough that you can feel it working but so hard it hurts. She does long deep strokes and does some incidental testicle touching even during the sports part. Once she started sensual, there was lots of ball teasing but unfortunately never got right into my arse crack. 

She teased Sed and teased and I was barred up on the flip. She then did some decent massage on the front. Before long she grabbed the condom put it on my dick and started sucking away. Her technique is poor, could hardly feel it - it was a thick condom however.

once she was done sucking she pulled the Condom off and continued to rub my cock and balls. I started feeling her tits (they are fake, but enormous and real feeling). I went for a suck and she pulled away - what the fuck?

anyhow she hacked me off and I came on my stomach whilst she was whispering how hot it was.

She got a shower ready for me while, then gave an ok head massage while it warmed up. I showered thanked her and left.

would I return? I don't think so. Her personality was fake, and she was too stringent on extras. I mean not being able to suck her tits is just piss poor. And the blowjob was a waste of $30.


