Thread Title: Fiona - Adelaide - 0450 858 447
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th August 2016, 10:45 PM
Poster ID: Mad_Bastard
Post Title: 
 Fiona - Adelaide - 0450 858 447
				
Post Content: 
I just so happened to be in Adelaide a couple of weeks ago and wanted to sample some of the local private masseuses. Looked at Cracker and came across Fiona. http://adelaide.cracker.com.au/Thera...fiona/16131253

I could see that she was no oil painting but she was nearby the city, was very engaging with her text messages and the price was right. So what the heck....

I was directed to an house in North Adelaide...opened the gate and went around the side. Tapped on the glass door for a while and she finally appeared to let me in. Looked like it was her bedroom and the same pic in her ad. She was dressed in shorts and a tank top and looked she had just woken up. I am undecided if she was still half asleep, pissed or on drugs as she seemed away with the fairies. Given the effort to get to her place, I decided to proceed....she wanted $150 for an hour with nude HJ. I offered $120 which she accepted. She's quite short and round, tatts all over her and probably in her late 30's but looked older. Very plain jane face

I stripped off, laid on my front on her table and she started an average massage on my back. She said she was trained but it was a bit all over the shop. Then she said it wasn't fair that I was naked and she would as well. So, she stripped off then climbed on top of the table and massaged away. She did try....and I could tell she was putting some effort in as I could occasionally feel the sweat coming off her. She would then occasionally stop and just lay on top of me - I wasn't sure whether she was taking a breather or that was part of the sensual massage. At this stage I was kinda half relaxed, half turned on and half concerned she was a nutter ready to explode. I could also hear noises outside the door and obviously other people in the house.

Finally, it was time to turn over. She did some more kneading and then climbed onto the table. She then put some oil on junior and started some handy work which wasn't too bad. She then went into this kind of trance like state and did some cock workshipping with her face rubbing on my now erect member. Her best part of the body was her boobs which she did used for some spanish. With a bit more of this and further cock workshipping, I finally blew a load on my stomach. She then just laid there and strangely, started to lick up the cum off me.....and mumbling something to herself.

She asked me if I wanted a shower and I said 'fuck no' I had to go...she then got up and looked for some tissues. Next thing she was hurling this plastic tissue holder against the wall saying there was never any tissues when you needed it. In record time, I had my jeans and shirt back on saying that I was running late and had to go. The last thing I heard I shout out was to come back and see her as I bolted back out the gate

I always knew Adelaide was a strange place.....

MB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th August 2016, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I would have thought you might have stayed a bit longer to sample the in ground spa


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th August 2016, 12:19 PM
Poster ID: Mad_Bastard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by antares01


I would have thought you might have stayed a bit longer to sample the in ground sp
"""



She did ask me to, but she started acting too freaky. Visually I can handle a fugly giving me a massage but if I'm in the hot tub, it has to be a PYT!!


