Thread Title: Serena - Prospect - SA - 0426 585 848
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2017, 07:56 PM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: 
 Serena - Prospect - SA - 0426 585 848
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Scandinavian Serena 

Establishment : Private Residence - Prospect

Date of Visit : 29/05/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Call 0426 585 848 - Scandinavian Blonde Serena Sensatonal Erotic Massage - Adelaide body rubs - cracker.com.au 

Hours of Business : Anytime according to Cracker AD

Rates : $130 per hour

Age : Mid 50's

Size/shape : Slim - nice body, 165cm Tall, A sized breast, Fully Shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Scandinavian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ Balls licking

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but...

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Had a trip organized for Adelaide and top of the the list of Serena, wanted to try an older Caucasian who has good massage skills and had some favorable reviews. Booking via SMS was easy and shares working location with Izzabella whom I visited on previous trip.

First impression was good, face was older than advertised 48, however still cute in an hot aunt sort of way , body was hidden behind a short dressed, but looks enticing. English is very good, holds a good intelligent conversation and made to feel very welcome quickly. After coming back from bathroom, Serena was in white bra and G string - can't believe that someone of that age can look that good. Few minutes later and she was out of that - the pictures do not do her justice - she is more slimmer and athletic.

Starts a nice massage, hot oils which enhances the experience. Massage it self it relaxing - mid strength as opposed to therapeutic. Not to much of tease, however enjoy watching her body in mirror. Ends with a nice body slide, where she grinds pussy/breast onto my back - before flipping over. Front massage starts with hot oil on nipples and yeah - enjoy it. This is followed by more oil on rest of body, before Serena starts on front body slide. Take opportunity to take a feel, breast feel little saggy, however butt and pussy feel fit and tight.

Time for HJ, which she is very competent in, throws in some licking of the ball until happy ending. 

I enjoyed the experience, however the sexual elements was not really there - spend a lot of time talking during the massage. This is good, but the build up is not really there. Not really her fault, because the conversation was good. I would recommend to try once and see if its for you - older women even for an old fart like me


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th June 2017, 07:39 PM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review - definately not enough Aselaide reviews on this site, hope you visit again soon and thanks for taking the time to review an SA lady


