Thread Title: Tayla Sports Massage - North Adelaide - 0433 334 968
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th March 2012, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: looking4more84
Post Title: 
 Tayla Sports Massage - North Adelaide - 0433 334 968
				
Post Content: 
Have been watching this Add on Cracker for some time (sports massage - North Adelaide | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker)

So called Tayla and asked what the go was. RNT $100 for 30 mins or FS $150 for 30 mins. Pretty standard so I gave it a go. Was directed to a place just off Melbourne St. Arrived and was greated at the door, showed in to room with a massage table and great mirrors. I could see other bedrooms in the place too so i guess more than just her works at this location. 

On with the service, she stripped off naked from the very start of the massage and proceded to give me an excellent sports massage! cracked my back...really firm, it was comparable to a Physio! Not erotic at all for the first 20 mins apart from her being naked. Gave me a few back bodyslides then asked to flip....Up on the table front bodyslides...nipples in my mouth hands on her ass. then off the table and started the tug. At one point she put her finger alongside my shaft and licked her finger...looked fucking amazing!...limited access to her pussy until i asked and she said ok....so while she stood with her ass towards me she wanked me off on to her tits while i rubbed her clit from behind. 

Awesome personality..loves her job. Really attractive for someone her age (Would guess early 40's), body of an athlete...no fat stomach...legitimatly tanned and toned. Sie 8, DD bust. Was a great experience but not as erotic as i would have liked.

I have been to a few RNT's recently and while some of the girls have been amazing (Daniella my Fav!) Dee at Theberton was by far the most erotic and naughty...it was pussy in your face from the very beggining.....

Thinking of hitting Daniella up for some FS or just DATY....anyone been there?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th June 2012, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: rntfanman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As the previous reviewer points out, Taylor is a pretty nice looking 40-something. Also, very accommodating and nice to be around. Prices are as stated above.
I went for the massage option and she does not pike here. She delivers a quality massage which is always an unexpected bonus in this scenario.
I highly recommend Taylor, and will refrain from a detailed description of my massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th June 2012, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: looking4more84
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Taylor is also doing FS this week...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th August 2013, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: Beaker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taylor Sports Massage

Establishment : North Adelaide

Date of Visit : June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0433 334 968, Melbourne St North Adelaide. Search in Cracker SA for 'Taylor'

Hours of Business : Weekdays. Approx 10-5, possibly Saturday as well

Rates : $100 1/2 hr RnT, $140 1/2 hr FS

Age : Late 30's ?

Size/shape : Fit, well proportioned, approx 5'7", blonde hair, very attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : RnT massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Good value, highly recommend

My experience/comments : 

Taylor advertises in Cracker and I have come across her ad a few times. I was feeling like a good massage with the tug as a bonus so thought I would give her a go.

Made the appointment, parked nearby and contacted her again to get the final directions to her apartment. I was greeted at the door by a very attractive blonde. She led me upstairs, which was great in itself. She was wearing a very tight little black dress! She is very fit and feminine and the view as we ascended was brilliant!. Her apartment is nice and quite modern, and the massage room was warm and inviting. Having not seen her before I opted for a $100 session for 1/2 hr RnT. We both got undressed and I lay on the table. She was even better in the nude as her body is really great and she doesn't mind touching either. Her therapeutic massage was excellent. I think she is properly trained which makes a difference but there was a good amount of erotic touching as well as good massage. While on my stomach she massaged my back, shoulders and legs then worked in some very nice time between the legs and a nice boob slide before the flip. Now on my back, the massage changes a bit. More sensual and erotic. She did a great body slide and had a good tug technique. She didn't dive straight in either. She worked her way up and down my legs and teased a bit before starting properly with the tug. She cleaned up well and has shower facilities available.

Overall it was very enjoyable. She offers full service and I think this could be quite a session especially with someone so fit and into it! Work myself up to that one!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th March 2014, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: Philthyone
Post Title: 
 Tayla, Taylor
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taylor Sports Massage

Establishment : North Adelaide

Date of Visit : March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0433 334 968, Melbourne St North Adelaide. Search in Cracker SA for 'Taylor'
Sports Massage Taylor
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Location: North Adelaide
Viewed: 1559
Date Posted: 27/02/2014
Ad ID: 404175780
Rating (1)
Your rating
Email a friend
Printable version
Flag as inappropriate

Needing a sports massage in the new year ?
I provide a firm, into the muscle style massage providing relief
from tired aching muscles .
Im a blonde attractive woman very fit and tanned !
Air conditioned comfort and very discreet.
Melbourne st Nth Adelaide
All enquiries welcome
Bookings essential
Mon - frid ...9am till 7pm
Sat 10 till 5pm 

Hours of Business : Weekdays. Approx 10-5, possibly Saturday as well

Rates : $100 1/2 hr RnT, $150 1/2 hr FS

Age : Mid 40's ?

Size/shape : Fit, well proportioned, approx 5'7", blonde hair, very attractive Retired Stripper with great bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Nude & Erotic RnT massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Good value, highly recommend, intense experience every time Im in Adelaide this is a must do

My experience/comments :

As any punter would do, before I left Melbourne for the Clipsal 500 i did a bit of research here and settled on Taylor.
Must say I was pretty keen after months of Asians in Melbourne.

The reviews are all correct but I thought I should add something.
First of all she was easy to get a booking with which is rare these days.

As the others have stated I was greeted by a stunning , fit looking blonde with a warm smile.

Straight into the room, I see handcuffs a whip and wonder what else goes on.
$100 for 30mins is paid for and onto the bench.
She gets nude and for the first time at massage Im excited by what I see.
A great strong physical massage ensues, with occasional brushing, and hand slides.
Before the flip shes body sliding all over with special nipple  attention around the crack.

On the flip the real fun began, starting with a full body slide starting from the head finishing with nipples in the mouth and hand fullls of hard firm arse.
She then closes her eyes and begins the most intense work on my dick.
Tit fucking, ball sucking and arse tickling all included.
My hands couldn't stop and finally found her wet snatch too good to miss.

The crescendo was incredible especial as I'd already emptied earlier that day, my entire body was into it as she milked it dry and smiled like she loved it.

A shower was had with a new towel and a chat.
I booked in for the next day straight away.

Day two was more of the same, and when Im back in town Im going to try the FS as she said she puts more effort into it cos she loves it!


So if your ever in Adelaide and in the mood, don't consider anyone else until you've had Taylor.
Or shes had you?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th May 2014, 11:03 AM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn. I need to visit Adelaide just for this!

Sent from my XT1033 using Tapatalk


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th June 2014, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw Taylor during the week and what a sweet lady.

She advertisers on Cracker and the Paper under "Blonde Taylor".  Her prices for 3omins- $100 rnt, $150FS and 60mins - $170rnt, $200FS.

She is very chatty about a whole range of topics, including her impending trek to the Himalayas.   She thinks she'll head there around September or once her ill mum passes away.  A little sombre conversation but she would chat on anything and everything.   Judging by her physique I'm sure she's fit enough for a bit of mountaineering.   I'd say she'd be early to mid forties, enhanced rack and piercings everywhere - tongue, nipples, clit, etc.   She seems extremely fit and takes good care of herself and seems to lead a healthy lifestyle.   She told me very proudly that she won Miss Nude SA two years in a row in the early 90's.

As mentioned above she's very easy to make an appointment with and quite flexible in the services and times she'll offer.   I opted for 1hr Full Service.

I began with a massage and as she is a registered nurse who knows her stuff it was a very firm and therapeutic affair.   This went for atleast 40mins and I'm sure it did me good.   No funny stuff at all - just pure massage and engaging in easy conversation with Taylor.   Eventually it comes time to roll over for the fun stuff and she removes her clothes.   Her tits are massive on her little frame and I notice all her piercings.   I love BJ's from a pierced tongue so little Jr comes to attention straight away.   Her pussy is beautifully waxed smooth without a hair to be seen.

She goes and gets a dom and goes straight to work on a CBJ.   Like her massage it is quite firm with lots of deep sucking and ball work.   I ask if DATY is available and she obliges by saying I'm going to sit on your face in a minute!   Love it.   True to her word she spins around and lowers that beautiful pussy onto my mouth.   We are in a classic 69er.   I eat her like its my last meal on Earth and take little nibbles around that piercing while my tongue lashes her clit also.   All the time she keeps giving me the CBJ of my life - incredible suction and I have to ask her to slow down as I can feel my pressure rise.

Wanting to fuck her before I blow from the CBJ I ask her stop and then aim my cock into her bald, smooth pussy and start thrusting away.   I could tell this wasn't going to be one of my longest efforts so I just go for broke.   She's a very firm girl and sex with her is no exception.   Wishing it lasted longer, I enjoy myself thoroughly and unload with a deep thrust inside her.

Once the job is done she cleans me up and offers me a shower.   All very clean and she even has spray deoderant to use afterwards!   She also mentions that she does doubles with another girl that would satisfy most fantasies with full interaction available.   Their fee is twice the price.   That would be something to save for!

All in all a great experience and a girl I'll see again.   As I said she will be away later in the year on holidays but I recommend her.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th April 2015, 08:24 PM
Poster ID: zepunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tried to book in with Tayla but she was to busy... I wish i had longer in Adelaide to try her out... maybe next visit!


