Thread Title: 'new Aussie' - Surfers Paradise -  0431 241 371
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 03:10 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 'new Aussie' - Surfers Paradise -  0431 241 371
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : new Aussie, as per her ad!

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 24/10/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : *new aussie* BIG BOOBS & TATTOOS!! Let me rock your world - Gold Coast body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : sporadic, apparently every few weeks in a different apartment around the coast.

Rates : $250 half, $350 hour

Age : 20, believed to be true

Size/shape : Size 10, massive fake titties, tall, quite inked up, not shown in her pics.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : full service, no anal, all covered

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, young hot Aussie, quite tastefully tattooed, whats not to like!

My experience/comments : I haven't reviewed in a while, working away, and having my needs met by a new personal assistant, but spent the weekend at the GC600 with some old mates, and thought I would take advantage of the influx of working ladies in close proximity to where we stayed. This young lady wasn't keen to give me a name for some reason, and I didn't want to push the point too much and perhaps ruin what was a great encounter.

Over the phone I negotiated 2 pops in the hour, anal [if I wasn't too big] which I don't think I am, general PSE for $350. I asked quite a few Questions and she seemed quite happy to answer them. There were plenty of pics on her ad, although when I saw her in the flesh she was less tanned and more tattooed than the pics showed, but they were definately her.

In the door of the luxury very highrise apartment in Surfers Paradise, got the money out of the way and it was on. Good quality lingerie on her tall slim body looked great, and easy to remove.started with a covered bj, deep, with plenty of eye contact, followed by standing doggie which brought a quick temporary halt to the proceedings.  

She was quite happy to offer some dirty talk and encouragement to this old man to make me feel 20 years younger long enough to get me to have another shot at the title, which I willingly did, starting with some slow missionary and asking whether we could proceed to the backdoor. it was not to happen, her pleads of it being too big, made me feel bad, however some tittiefucking lightened the mood pretty quickly, and we were over the line, not a minute too soon. showered and out the door in an hour on the dot and was quite happy with the achievement. 

As usual your mileage may vary, and whilst she is young and quite security conscious she is very free spirited and quite worldly in the ways or the pleasures of the flesh.


