Thread Title: 1st time in Springwood....Summer from JAPAN Willing  2 HORNY 22 -  0432 465 922
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th December 2015, 03:32 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 1st time in Springwood....Summer from JAPAN Willing  2 HORNY 22 -  0432 465 922
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 9 Dec 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
?? 1st Time In Springwood Kissable Feminine E cup Beauty SUMMER from JAPAN Willing 2 HORNY - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

? Love Sucking ~ Face Sit~ Body Slide ~ Open Minded~ E cup BUST Fench Kisses~ Japanese HORNY JUICY - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business : Call to find out

Rates : $130 /30 min

Age : ad says 22 but you should add 20 years

Size/shape : attractive curvy milf, big fake boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Prob Japanese

Services Provided : kissing, cbj, moaning, mutual mas, daty, cowgirl, decent fs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Arranged booking via text, asked where she was working from and got springwood motor inn , so i asked if the photos were genuine and got a quick yes. Had a good laugh and booked 30min anyway, i figured if the photos were a younger her then I'm gunna get a good experienced fuck. Reasonably sure it is her in the photos

Summer is an quite attractive older woman, and provides a good enjoyable service, but if you let her control things you will blow and be out the door in 15mins...love a challenge. Exchnge of money and we are kissing on the bed , some good french kissing and she starts sucking and lightly biting my top lip , so i return the favour, tasted a bit of lube at the back of her throat but she wasn't too into tongue, some mutual masturbation and she is moaning,  she likes moaning, its not real fake, more a promise of things to come if it all goes well. Didn't like any attempt to insert a finger so i just played with her pussy and flicked the bean for a good while and she got quite wet while she gave ne a good tug with some lip biting at same time

It seems she really does like sucking dick, got the condom and opened it really wide with a cheeky face and snapped it on. Which made me laugh , she went all the way to the base, looked at me , some ball play, and good pressure made a cbj enjoyable. I returned the favour with some daty, nice shaved, pink pussy, small lips, juicy but still no fingers inside but loved a stiff tongue fucking her pussy (does that have a name?) but stopped me making her cum.

We got into some cowgirl and she really ground the hips in, didnt mind a bit of pressure and play on her puckered date , then some extended missionary pounding and she is moaning for real, hands up on the headboard as she comes a couple of times but im still not there, so i go to flip her into doggy but she stays laying down so i finish off with her leg across her body and some quite good access

Enjoyed my half hour, but you need to direct things, i would be happy to bump into her again to see what else was on offer. masterj


