Thread Title: "Sexy Aussie Blonde" - Coomera, QLD - 0412 380 474
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd February 2017, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: 
 "Sexy Aussie Blonde" - Coomera, QLD - 0412 380 474
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't Ask (I seem to consistently forget this!)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 2/2/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto, under "Sexy Aussie Blonde" or similar, 0412380474

Hours of Business : During the Day I suspect

Rates : 150 h/h; 200 45mins; 250 hour; also offers massage

Age : Says 33, but I'd add about 10 - 15 years to that I think 

Size/shape : Small, Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Depends

My experience/comments : 

Thought I'd try this one out as she is close to home. Was easy to get her on the phone, and I booked an immediate appointment which she was happy to do, so no drama there at all. The place is also easy to find, it's a house in Upper Coomera (so the other side of the highway to dreamworld), fairly big on top of the hill. Was quite impressed, don't often visit girls in such locales, usually it's a seedy motel somewhere!

Anyway, rocked up and she came to the door. She is certainly a blond size 8 as per her ad, but not even close to 33! Shows her age, but has a reasonably nice body, so it's okay. But don't be expecting the girl in the photos, consider them just indicative of what this girl might have looked like 20 years ago, if she was lucky!

But anyway, I was happy enough so I followed her in and went up to what I assume is a spare room. Had to prompt her for a shower, which was odd given it was so hot, but when I asked she obliged willingly and got me a towel. Once she got back, it was clothes off ASAP (as often happens with these residential girls), and then onto the bed for a massage. That didn't last too long but was nice, including a little bit of body sliding which I enjoyed. She then turned me over and gave me some attention at the front, including a nice titty fuck which helped get the message across to little mike! Then on with the dom and into the mouth for a pretty reasonable blow job. Even better, when I touched her she quickly offered up a 69 which I gratefully accepted, and enjoyed the taste quite a bit.

Then on to the main event, with her riding reverse cowgirl which was nice; non-reverse cowgirl; missionary; and then finally doggy to finish. Doggy was particularly nice, whenever I fuck a small girl I always really enjoy marveling at how small their waist is as I grab them from behind. Overall it was a pretty standard experience - part of her ad promises some GFE, but there wasn't too much of that, just some hesitant kisses, so if you're after somebody who immediately acts like you're her soulmate, this is probably not the girl.

I should also note that this girl talks quite a lot! Not sure if it was just the day, but she talked as I was getting undressed, then also did the whole "hairdresser" thing during the first part of the massage which was a bit disconcerting. However, once we got down to business she more or less shut up, at least until afterwards when she started up again. It wasn't a big deal (except when I worried she'd do it throughout the session), but worth noting.

So, overall, it was a good experience, although perhaps not with the girl I was expecting. But given she's just up the road, it might be worth keeping in mind if you're local, there is not a lot of talent up this direction of the coast. Not sure if I'd jump off the M1 for it though, just keep on going south for 15 more minutes and you'll probably do better!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd February 2017, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Two things to always be remembered and noted. Provider's name and posting the active link.


