Thread Title: Abby - Kelvin Lodge - 0432 813 850
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2015, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Abby - Kelvin Lodge - 0432 813 850
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abby

Establishment :Private Residence

Date of Visit : 04/04/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 813 850

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $250 PH

Age : 18

Size/shape : 10 cuddly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aust

Services Provided : Full Service
 [COLOR=#ff0000]
Value for money/recommend? : Yes /Yes[/COLOR]

My experience/comments : Well deciding to eat in last night I got onto Locanto & a few other sites flipped through the locals ect & after a few calls & texts decided Abby be my meal for the night, was going with another til she finally text me so sorted out the details over a few text, made the time & asked her to text 5 minutes before delivery. Said time 9pm passed & gone before finally a text at around 9:30 informed me she is running late, I replied lets forget it I shall find another who wont stuff me around, she assured me she was sorry & would give me the full works for the same price. So relented I generally dont but feeling a tad horny let it go & she arrived at 10pm. Looked ok though a bit older then 18 but assures me she is. Had a chat over a cold drink she explained she is not sure how much longer she will continue, she enjoys the fucking & earning some decent money its more the clients being assholes, she said the past few days she been busy being 18 7 of the 20 odd guys she seen she has not enjoyed most of them due to being pigs & is rethinking her job. I said maybe need to screen them a bit more not just take any one who calls, she said alot of guys via phone sound rude & i said well there the ones to not go visit...anyways..

So exchange the fundamentals & told her I will head for a quick shower & remain in the kitchen, so head off & back in a couple of minutes where we started kissing in the kitchen & with in a couple of minutes being rock hard motioned for some killer cock sucking that she claimed is mind blowing, so she moves down as I stand against the fridge & she goes to town with plenty of spitting, deep throating, ball sucking & playing for a solid 20 minutes it was really good, midway through she stopped to strip right off, a bit bigger then her pics show but all the same nice puppy fat & looked nice naked her tits swinging as she sucked on my cock & done a good job, plenty of eye contact & plenty of slurping & dirty talk, telling me how she loves being a  fucking whore & sucking cock from guys she only just met, saying her cunt was dripping....enough is enough..but told her to keep sucking a bit more & like a nice girl she continued, a couple of times I was on the brink of cumming but pushed back to enjoy a great cock sucking experience.

I moved her to the bench & lifted her up & parted her legs for some good DATY, nice smooth very very wet clam here, a few fingers easily slid inside her wet slit as i licked her out for a solid 20 minutes, plenty of titty gripping as she moaned her way to cum after cum, with my face dripping from her wetness she begged for a pash before directing me back to her pussy to give it another licking, her asshole was devine, enjoyed it being tongue fucked as I flicked her bean % a thumb in her cunt...before she begged she needed to be fucked solid...no issues moved her to the dining table where I bent her over & licked her asshole & pussy from behind, she loved it done this for another few minutes before getting up & slamming my cock deep inside before pumping away for a few minutes spreading her ass cheeks to see my shaft entering this young pussy while rubbing her shit shute before flipping her over onto her back midway through to pound away, she rubbing her clit as my cock thrashed her teen cunt to complete the fucking with a hot load deep inside.

Nice fuck all up, asked if she wanted a shower, she said yes as she is busy & be easier for her next appointment that was up the road. Gave a kiss good night & out the door at about the 75 min mark.

Overall: All in all a good session, young brunette that did enjoy pleasing & cock sucking & is not shy once you get her going. Shame so many pigs out there can destroy a girls view on sex work. 

Rating 8/10 - Just what I needed. 

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th June 2015, 05:01 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Abby's BP ad, curvy aussie babe available all day! come see me - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com






Report Ad
curvy aussie babe available all day! come see me - 20
Posted: Wednesday, 21 January 2015, 3:15 PM
.
.
    curvy aussie babe available all day! come see me - 20
    Enlarge Picture

Hey boys,
I'm Darcy Lynn. I'm brand new to the industry. Im available all night. Located in kangaroo point.
I'm a size 10-12. E bust. Short black hair. I'm 162cms tall. I have a pretty face and crystal blue eyes.
Im also bisexual, so I can see men and women.

I provide a full sensual erotic girlfriend experience or I can provide a full kinky pornstar experience
For more information on my services, rates and photo, please text me 0432813850

Please text only.
I also don't do drugs so don't bother asking
I do not and will not provide any natural service either.

Poster's age: 20
• Location: Inner Brisbane, kangaroo point

• Post ID: 5973497 brisbane
			
		

And a pic from Live Escort Reviews - 0432813850 - curvy aussie babe available all day! - 20


