Thread Title: Aja - Southport - 0404 152 599
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th March 2012, 01:07 AM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: 
 Aja - Southport - 0404 152 599
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aja


Establishment : private operator


Date of Visit : 3-3-12


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404152599 / Southport cbd / Ad on the GC bulletin 


Hours of Business : 9-9(?) / 7 days (ad states 24 hr availability)


Rates :$100-120 half - $160 hour Fs / $70 half for RNT


Age :  late 30-40's


Size/shape :  average looks, MILF, slender frame (sz 10), a-b cups, perky nips, shaved


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : full service / RNT --took the 1 hour FS option 


Value for money/recommend? :  yep, VFM although maybe YMMV depending if you like Asian MILFs


My experience/comments : 
Well, I must say I was pleasantly surprised with Aja. I'd seen her ad regularly on the bully along with all the asian operators in Southport and was a little wary as I hadn't gone a FS in a long while. Saturday arvo and I was trying to get in contact with Annie From Thai whom I'd heard good things from another forum but alasno answer so no dice. Now, being a little horny and lazy(both very combinations when punting), I was maybe a little desperate so checked out the Southport offerings on the paper. Of course my luck would have it that no one's available and Aja's number was the only one that rang through. She sounded alright on the phone so took the plunge and visited her unit in the CBD(close to Aus Fair/bus). Met her at the door and not a bad looker. Ok, she's not of the young set but she's in good shape and I found her pretty enough. Sigh, me and MILFs. Premises was a little cluttered but ok and her room has both a bed and massage table to choose from. I'm still can believe that she charges $160 for a hour FS. I mean--that's pre-2005/4 pricespretty hard pressed to find that kind of pricing these days. After quick shower Aja started with some light massage while i lay on the bed. I found her warm and personable and we got taking while she was doing this and i found it pleasant as my last Asian FS experience was a nasty one. Maybe I got lucky.was really horny as hell by now so asked for the fun part. I wouldn't say the session was GFE(no kissing) but it was far from mechanical or starfish so huzzah! We took turns nibbling and licking each other's backs which doesn't happen often enough in punts and I had a quick DATY on her tight puss. Quick position change and she blew me before finishing with her on top riding to the finish. Like I said earlier, pleasantly surprised with the session and will probably come back. Dunno if I'd become a regular but for that price i'd definitely put her on my back-up list.


