Thread Title: Alana - Alexandra Headlands - 0427 927 721
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th April 2012, 12:34 AM
Poster ID: plon_key
Post Title: 
 Alana - Alexandra Headlands - 0427 927 721
				
Post Content: 
Sunny Coast, QLD,  Australia

Location: Alexandra Headlands
Name: Alana
Link: Alana, Independent escort in Sunshine Coast, Queensland - Sexportal.com.au
Face: 3
Body:3
Skill: 9
Service: 9
Estimated age of the girl and/or actual age: 30/ 30
GFE: 8
PSE: 9
Price: AU $200

Language: English
Pros: She will do things your wife wont do
Cons: A few tatoos


Ok. I had a couple of hours to kill and did a search of the girls on my phone and stumbled across Alana.
Made an appointment and went to her apartment. It was nice and clean.
She wasnt very good on the eye. In fact I wouldnt look twice at her on  the street. Very tall and a bit of a fat ass on her and not balanced on  top...small tits.

Had I not been on a tight time limit I would have passed and made an appointment elsewhere.

Anyway , in I went.
I noted that she said she was mildly submissive. I am not dominant by  nature but I thought what the hell, Ill tell her what I want and if she  asks me to leave Ill save $200.

She was very polite, smalltalk for a few minutes,  I said to her in  these exact words.  "I wanted you  to suck my cock funtill I tell you to  stop and if you cant deepthroat me I may as well leave now"

she smiles and says" I can do that, you can also pull my nipples and if  you get a little carried away Ill let you know, I like to be submissive"

Holy dooley I thought what the hell am I doing..Ive never experienced  this sort of thing before... anyway to cap it off I said " I want to use  a vibrator on you and then I am going to stick my cock up your ass" 
She says ok and guides me to the bathroom for a shower. I pay her the  money , have a shower and as soon as I get out of the shower she comes  in naked ( not a good look really) and gets to her knees and sticks my  old fella entirely onto her mouth and she starts humming and doing some  wierd shit with her tounge and doesnt lift off untill I am totally hard.  I dry myself off and then go to the bedroom where I lay on the bed and  she starts the HJ again. I position her so that I can use the vib on her  clit. Over the next 30 minutes she comes 5 times. All but one time she  gets to a point and then rubs the life out of her pussy as I just watch  and then she gets down to the HJ again.

 This girl can deepthroat. I could feel my cock dorcing her throat open.  Very little gagging. Oh the one time that she didnt claw at her pussy  when she was cumming was the time that she took my dik into her mouth  so far I thought she was trying to stick her nose up my butt at the same  time...lol  Then I wanted to butt pump her. I did this for a few  minutes with a raincoat on . It was ok but I just couldnt get over the  way she sucked so I stopped , went and washed up and came back and told  her to start sucking again and face pumped her. She didnt mind me  holding her head either to help get that extra half an inch in her  mouthfuck. 

Un-fucking believable.

Ill be visiting her agian next time I am on the Sunny coast, thats a promise.

I recommend her for sure as long as you can get over the height and  looks you will be treated to the best pornstar experience ever. Close  your eyes and think of Katie Perry ( she is single now..lol)

cheers


