Thread Title: Alana - Emerald - 0408 008 776
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th June 2017, 03:28 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Alana - Emerald - 0408 008 776
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alana

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : May 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
0408 008 776



Hours of Business : Monday - Saturday

Rates : $150/half

Age : 40's

Size/shape : sz8 Ccup nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : FS & CBJ 

Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes

My experience/comments : Alana was a very pleasant surprise and available at short notice. No nonsense. Straight up gave me address and told me how horny she was and will be waiting. I took that like all these comments - with a grain of salt but on arrival was greeted by a topless minx that literally grabbed me and dragged into her abode, wrapped herself around me, started French kissing me and fondling my nether region before I even had time to say more than a quick hello. 

Alana couldn't get me naked quick enough and as I removed the last of my clothing she'd started the shower and hurried me along. Out of the shower and it was more of the same but now on her bed with the fondling now mutual. She was definitely horny. Her pussy was wet and her nipples stood proud and she wasn't shy. 

On my back she slipped on the dom with professional ease using her mouth and proceeded a cock worship that left me teetering on the edge. Now super hard she squatted over me as I impaled her from below and the only way to describe this was she fucked me stupid. It was all I could do to control myself from finishing too early but once over the 'hump' I was able to relax and let her go to town. 

We swapped to doggy and I have to say her arse is to die for. Such a peach and her movements mesmerizing. I like to cum in mish so I rolled her over and with her legs high I was able to watch my cock plunge in and out while her magnificent boobs bounced around and there was no way I was going to hold out. 

Alana, apart from providing a sensational service, is a pleasure to look at and converse with. She loves what she's doing and it shows. As always YMMV but I'd be surprised if it was ever different.


