Thread Title: Alexia - Surfers Paradise - 0435 773 079
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2016, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Alexia - Surfers Paradise - 0435 773 079
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alexia

Establishment : Private apartments in Surfers down Broadbeach end

Date of Visit : 22/09/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435 773 079, plus various Backpage ads e.g. NEW NEW??__????Hot Really Brazilian in Gold Coast????___??NEW - Gold Coast escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Varies, 10am to midnight when I asked

Rates : $250/30mins plus

Age : 24

Size/shape : Hot, petite, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : I didn't click on this occasion

So after my fail with Nikki at Nerang, I wasn't as bothered about throwing $250 at a 30 min punt with a young hottie to get my mind off it.  Now, I'll start by saying Alexia is with little doubt the hottest girl I have ever fucked.  I keep telling myself that's what I like about this hobby, for a bit of money, I get to fuck the types of girls that my mates only ever dream of.  This is all just my opinion, but not only would probably crink my neck perving on Alexia if she passed by me on the street, I'd probably make an excuse to circle the block for another pass :-)  She is a proper young exotic hottie.  I have no problem dropping $250 just to say I've actually fucked a chick like her.  The pics in her various Backpage ads really don't do her justice.

But... I'd don't know if it was a language barrier, my age/weight or what, but the whole experience was somewhat clinical.  Those that have followed my reviews, know that a clinical session doesn't usually bother me, but this was different.  I probably should have read her standard inclusions on her ad a bit better, because part of it might have been me just not "going for it" for things like DATY (she has a very nice looking pussy), but like I say her English wasn't so good, so that got a bit awkward from time to time. And when you read my next part about the doggy fucking, you hopefully get the drift that I felt like I as being reprimanded if I got out of line, so I was a bit hesitant at times.

We started off with some CBJ.  Even fully soft she managed to wrap my entire cock, and almost part of my balls with the condom.  She does do a nice CBJ going nice and deep.  Each time she went deep, she would kind of stretch the rubber down as far as it would go down to my balls - I suppose so as not to actually lick any skin... fine by me to be honest... see my earlier comment about clinical sessions.  I'm happy she looks after herself in this respect.

Now I said in my earlier review of Nikki that I've been laying low for a while.  Part of that is because my head just doesn't seem to be in this game at the moment.  i don't know if it's stress at work, performance anxiety or what, but here I was with an absolute stunner sucking my cock, and I was actually struggling to get it up!  This is only really happening when I go on new punts.  Anyway enough of the sex counselling talk, after a bit of coaxing I was able to manage enough of a hardon to attempt moving on to the main event.

This started off in mish for a few minutes. Alexia kind of held her hand around my balls the whole time, which to be honest was a bit off putting.  In hindsight I wouldn't mind betting it was to keep me fromm going too deep, not to play with my balls.  We moved on to doggy next.  What a great feeling holding Alexia's tiny waist in my hands and looking down at her great ass.  I started to get into it at that stage, fucking her good, until I slowed down for a bit.  At that point she jumped out and asked me if I was all good, and did I cum?  I said no, and she sort of started complaining about me fucking her too hard and that she doesn't like to be fucked hard.  FYI, it certainly wasn't soft romantic strokes, but it wasn't that hard.  Anyway, at that point I started losing my stiffy again, so it was back to some more CBJ, then I asked her to lay back and play with her pussy while I wanked for a bit.  I was allowed to touch her beautiful big clit (which I would have eaten gladly), before getting hard and going back to mish to end the session.

At that point I was pretty much just left to fend for myself, which was pretty weird.  I asked for a shower, had that, then went back in to the room to get dressed while Alexia watched the bachelor (or bachelorette or whatever the fuck it's up to now) on the tele.  When I was ready to leave she saw me out, flashed one last gorgeous smile, and I was out the door, and on my way.

So look, not the best punt ever overall, but definitely still rating it as the hottest girl (looks wise) I have ever been with.  The hottest overall still goes to young Dee from Broady.  Tightest pussy is hands down Jenny from Southport but alas she seems to have moved on... hey this review has moved on to sounding more like Niteowl's (like Guiness) book of punting records :-)

So I think your mileage may vary with Alexia.  I just have this feeling that if I were 6' 2" mid twenties, suntanned with six pack abs she would have been all over me, but not so for a forty something year old with a little too much padding around the mid section haha


