Thread Title: Alice, Hervey Bay QLD. 0432 584 373
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Alice, Hervey Bay QLD. 0432 584 373
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice 

Establishment : Motel

Date of Visit : 19/05/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 584 373 Aussie 24yo | Adult & Escort Services | Personals | Fraser Coast Chronicle

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $200 / 1 hour

Age : 28

Size/shape : 14 / plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie as they come

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No / Sort Of

My experience/comments : Where do we start with Alice, made the booking pretty easy and prompt on the text message, though one gets the feeling to many text she will get the craps and rightly so, she is pretty open to well anything to be honest, $200 a hour with 2 cums well cum as much as you can in the time, she is open to longer times with far better rates so enquire. Private motel I get the feeling it’s a once off, though she does work from her house as well I believe and most certainly done this before, but more that part time sort of gal, in some financial strife and well lets sell the ole vagina men will come running….problem is men don’t come running and problem is a lot of girls find out the hard way a vagina is not a license to print money. 
Alice claims she is 24…more very late 20’s while it’s only a 4 year difference I still don’t get why they need to lower their age, anyways she is smaller than the ave girl, attractive without being striking, just the normal attractive girl, she claims a size 10….sure in 2008 maybe more a size 14….nice upper body let down me think by the belly fat and fatter ass then you really want on a girl claiming to be slim. Her breasts are the best part of the girl, nice big and firm for their size, all in all acceptable, but something with her eyes don’t sit well with me lol…she has that look while being cute but its hiding some sort of pain. Anyways….

Onto the booking, now right now once she is naked I sort of thought yeah very average body here but she tried, CBJ there is no leeway for natural blowjob at all, her hand job technique is good, really good, nice kisser, her tits are responsive,  she lets you more or less guide the session, though she is a bit fidgety, you just get into it then its something else, oh im just uncomfortable, oh this or that so she does really need to settle down there, not sure if she realizes just how neurotic she is when having a fuck, her phone bling bling bling, right, now girls can bitch all they want about guys and how some are pricks, how some need to have better hygiene and all very warranted, my bitch with any girl is her phone, turn it on fucking silent, paying a hour at $200 for you to be focused on me, not me on your fucking phone and it’s a regular thing with most girls it seems, the fucking phone. Why, then when you know sucking on her boobs she is like oh best i let my contact know the session is going ok, no its not ok to stop and tend to your phone. 

Her CBJ is good, pretty good for a covered one actually and when doing this she was focused at least, she let it go as long as I wanted, some ball playing and nice wanking with some titty fucking, this was around the 25-30 min so turn to eat her pussy, nice looking pussy though she confides she has only enjoyed DATY this year, and mainly because she claims guys simply go like a bulldog when eating pussy, so she totally enjoyed my version of pussy eating, letting of some nice little sighs  Will add she enjoyed a good rimming indeed, before time for fucking with time dwindling down though I got the feeling she would not rush it if she was not overly busy, she was on her side when I entered her pussy, little moans of pleasure as I cupped her nice ample tits and gave her a slow to medium fucking before letting go with a few solid thrusts. Another down side of her service is she won’t take the condom off, like literally throws tissues at me as said oh I cant take it off, yet once off played with my cum a little so yeah strange but tis is what it is lol.
Anal is on offer no issues, I thought about it and for the extra $50 during the session if I wanted I just paid her at the end, but after DATY and rimming and my finger going in her asshole so easy I figured her vagina would be just as tight so hence no anal. 

Overall: Look hard one for me to rate, if you like bigger plain girls sure, but if you want a neurotic girls with a frigidity whining mindset who just likes to interrupt the flow of fucking to many times really to really ever get into it, even eating her pussy she would stop to get comfy, kissing and a hand job she would stop, just no flow to her fucking its that simple, her weight simply dont work for her where for alot it does, her height is the issue here more then anything, so would I see again, probably no though a quick fuck for 30 min $100 yeah sure just in and out try not to get into life with her, she is all over the place. I also think like most girls she thinks she is really sexy and pretty and will make the money, sorry hunni your very plain & hence why you are not making the money you thought you would. My edict : Avoid unless you want a interrupted service with a fat girl...simple. 

Rating 2.5/5

AS ALWASY TMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where does she advertise and is there a link?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 03:08 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
In the local paper up here today.

Aussie 24yo | Adult & Escort Services | Personals | Fraser Coast Chronicle

That is her as well, but that dress is keeping her body in tack,,,once it comes off yeah...  the flab shows.

Also various locanto adds but she is all over the place with them.


