Thread Title: Alice - 0491 352 252 - Toowoomba
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th July 2019, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: protossno87
Post Title: 
 Alice - 0491 352 252 - Toowoomba
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice 

Establishment : Spring st, Toowoomba (Private Units)

Date of Visit : 24/07/2019

Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/toowoomba/I...iful-lady.html

Phone : 0491 352 252

Availability : by appointment only and as early as 10am

Rates : $100 30mins and $180 60mins (not on ad)

Age : 25 on ad but looks late 30s

Size/shape : 160cm, fit body with B cups and fully shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : real GFE, FS and extra time massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :

Had to drive all the way to Toowoomba for a car service and had a couple hours to kill and decided to go see a Chinese Milf in Unit 4 who gave a good BBBJ and FS for $100/30m.

Arrived at location, parked my car and proceeded to head to Unit 4 but along the way a girl outside of Unit 2 gestured me in and was really confused.
Did she move? 
Was this a bait and switch?

Anyway walked inside and Alice (told me her name afterwards) said Unit 4 is her friend and was busy with another customer so messaged her instead.

What luck because this girl was way cuter than Unit 4. Very short petite Chinese Milf with a cute face and tight body. English was non-existent and a bit shy but made hand gestured which I translated into English and she nodded lol.

Proceeded to the bedroom and asked of it was the same price as her friend and handed the $100.

Man she have the best BJ, sadly was not BBBJ like her friend but at least she was skilled. After arounf 10mins asked her for 69. A clean shaved small pussy.

Asked her for sex and she jumped on too. This girl knows how to work all kinds of sex moves on top and is fit. Non-stop pounding with her on top and sucking on my nipples at the same time. Asked her to go faster and suck on nipples harder as I was about to cum. As I blew she started grinding and giggling, all that shyness had disappeared and a real GF like experienced commenced with kisses, hugs and touching. She did not give me a chance to top or doggy. Let her do all the work lol.

Only paid for 30mins and was thinking of going back to the car to grab more money when she asked me if I wanted a massage. 25mins had passed, was she going to give me a quick rubdown with the remaining 5mins? No, full proper oil massage on my back, more focussed on a intimate rubbing loosening the muscles but not enough for knots.

The massage was nearing to an end as we both stood up and already past 45mins I was about to get dressed when Alice asked if I wanted a shower.
Where has Alice been? If she actually posts some proper ads she might get a lot of customers.

Had a quick shower and Alice opened the door with some intimate wash and gave me a quick tub whilst giggling. Walked me to the door and as I sat down she put on my socks and shoes o.O treated like a king here or an Asian husband about to head for work lol. Told me to get my phone out as she entered her number in and speed dialled, told me her name was Alice, gave me a big hug and kiss and said our goodbye.

Alice will definitely be my Toowoomba regular, a very real GFE so far.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th October 2019, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: protossno87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Alice has now moved to North st, still same price although she has an ad on Locanto with higher prices.
There is another girl working in the other room but she stayed in her room and didnt get a chance to see her face but would avoid her.
Only see Alice or ask for Alice if address is North st.
Still not a clock watcher, 5mins CBJ, 5mins 69, 15mins riding on top, 5min HJ and a 10min massage.


