Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th November 2010, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: Kiwi
Post Title: 
 Alison - Brisbane / Gold Coast - 0437 962 866
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Alison

Contact Details/Address:http://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/Pr...ison/State/QLD
0437962866
Hours of Business: 7:00am to 1:00am
Prices:$120

Age:40

Size/shape:Big boob and curves
Nationality or Ethnicity:Aussie

Services:Massage and HJ and FS

Value for money/recommend?:Great Value for money

My experience/comments: I have seen her twice as an outcall.  She likes to chat and makes you feel at ease.  Does a great HJ and ball play.  She also sometimes does do incalls


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th December 2010, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: slim shady
Post Title: 
 Alison - Curvy, sensual, busty brunette - 0437 962 866
				
Post Content: 
Hi guys, I copied the following from her cracker ad.  Someone with better computer skills than me may also be able to copy her pics.

Hello Guys, 
This is my last lot of incalls until February next year. I hope to see all who know me and those I havent met yet  Alison 

I am a very curvy, sensual woman who loves to please. I offer a full girlfriend experience. I love kissing, cuddling all intimacy. I have a DD bust. I am a size 16. I am 38, 5ft6, brunette, green/blue eyes.I love my job ! And I am very good at what I do. I specialise in some things......please contact me for more details.. I have some extras and am always open to special requests. Some of my extras are my favourite things  And nothing is too kinky. 

Prices: 

$120 Half Hour 
$200 Hour 
$100 extras 

I've seen Alison a few times in Brisbane now - the first time was for 5 hours and the second was an overnighter.  I can assure you that her pics are genuine, as is her description.  Yes, she's a size 16 with a tummy, but man does she love sex.  I honestly don't think she knows the meaning of the words "no I don't do that".

She's a fantastic person as well.  She even picked me up at the airport on our first meeting, and dropped me back there saving me two cab fares - how nice is that.

So, driving to the motel after she picked me up at the airport and we're making small talk.  She pulls down her top and flashes her nipple to me.  I knew I was going to be in for a treat.

We book into the motel and walk into the room.  I snuggle up behind her and reach around and grab a handful of those glorious DD's.  She turns around and kisses me deeply, her tongue tickling my tonsils.  Then she drops to her knees, undoes my belt and trousers and starts sucking my cock.  I lie back on the bed and let her do her thing.  This girl knows how to suck cock, and loves it.  Full-on down to the balls deep throating.  She's obviously watched a fair bit of porn because that's what it looked like from where I was sitting.  Lots of gagging, choking, and saliva as she devoured me.  I eventually unloaded the first of many loads for the afternoon.

Over the course of the next five hours I fucked her pussy, her arse, her mouth, ate her pussy and arse, she rimmed my arse, and I gave her a golden shower.  I'd never given a girl a golden shower before - I'd never really had the desire and it didn't really do much for me to be honest, but that wasn't Alison's fault.  She tells me that she loves it and that was really the only reason I did it - well that plus the curiosity factor.  But, to giver her her credit, she really put on a show.  I'm sure for guys that like G/S's she is a treat - I pissed all over her tits, in her mouth - she was deep throating me while I was pissing - she's a true submissive.  In fact, in her own words - she's a slut, and God I was loving her.

One of my favourite moments was when I was fucking her arse.  She told me she likes it when I pull my cock right out then slide it back in again - straight from a porno giving me a good view of her gape.

We've actually become pretty good mates and ring each other for a chat every now and then.  She tells me all her hooker stories about the whacked out and crazy things some guys like to do, as well as her general family life.  She's a single mum with four boys and the 3 youngest are a real handful, so she's not going to be at your beck and call 24/7.  But, if you don't mind being with a non-size 8 model and are looking for the ultimate super-slut PSE, you'll be hard pressed to beat this experience.  Plus, at $200/hr her prices are great value for money.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th January 2011, 04:23 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have had fun with this one. Good slut that does EVERYTHING.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th May 2011, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: torygent
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I can WHOLEHEARTEDLY support what Slim Shady above has said.  Alison is a wonderful worker,and even better person.  I don't think she knows the meaning of the word no - and enjoys what she does..........


