Thread Title: Ally BBW - Townsville (and touring to Cairns) - 0499 469 834
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd December 2014, 06:58 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Ally BBW - Townsville (and touring to Cairns) - 0499 469 834
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ally

Establishment : Holiday apartment

Date of Visit : November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Miss Ally | | Escorts & Babes  0499 469 834

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $150 half hour $250 hour $300 2 hours

Age : 27

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Sex, kissing, maybe more but I didn't ask, though she did warn no anal

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :                                      First saw Ally from an Ad on E.B. called to discuss services and arranged a next day appointment this was confirmed an hour before, decent accommodation in CBD I could not decide how long to book as 1hour was $250 and 2 hours $300, so not much difference. When I saw Ally my mind was made up, stayed 2 hours and very glad I did.

 Her description was accurate including looking around the age she said (27).

She was welcoming immediately and in no rush, we discussed what I would like to do then both into the shower to start, there was gentle kissing as we showered. We had plenty of time so took it slowly, Ally is around 5ft6 and a big girl, it is not for me to give her exact weight but well over 100Kg  she especially has really big and surprisingly toned legs so if you like that go for it!

  She warmed up by burying my face in massive boobs, then her on top kissing me felt good, she did not hold back and kept offering more or "rougher" she really was keen that I enjoyed the time and did her best to give a GFE, the only way she missed the mark was being too keen to please; it was hard to get a feel for what she enjoyed in return.

    It must  have been nearly an hour before we got down to it, After a raunchy discussion about positions and flavour Ally put the condom on with her mouth and began sucking, she really knew how to get an erection, then she went on top, despite being a big girl she was tight and I didn't last too long.

  Quick clean up and back to kissing and cuddling, she held a good conversation and offered massage as well as making it clear we could go again any time, maybe if the 
first time had been a bit earlier in the session seconds would have happened, but on the basis of "don't start what you probably can't finish" and that just kissing and cuddling Ally and her amazing thighs was enough to keep me happy.

  To summarise, Ally is an attractive  BBW, gave the service agreed and more, I would certainly go again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th January 2015, 08:40 PM
Poster ID: Zimbyml10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like you got your moneys worth. Wouldn't mind cuddly up to a bbw like ally. I only get aroused if they have a nice cute face.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th May 2015, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ally (Alysa)

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 13th May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Alysa | Nudity and Adult Content warning about Entering ladyallykat.callgirlfiles.com
0499 469 834

Hours of Business : check her website but she's available till late 

Rates : $150/half

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Ally is a true BBW with boobs to match. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian. She is Australian but has some accent due to her travels

Services Provided : CBJ and FS

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV but it's a no for me

My experience/comments : In Townsville for a 'quicky' so rang a few providers at short notice and as often happens in this scenario the one that answers gets the business. Rocked up at the appointed time and had to wait a bit due to a 'late' customer. That didn't auger well since I don't particularly like back to back bookings. Finally got the buzz to come up and was met by a happy, chatty late 20's lady who looked absolutely nothing like her erotic pics on the website. She was dressed in a tshirt and track pants but her bubbly personality won me over so I stayed. 

Business side done and another hurdle comes up with the shower. No towels so she gave me 'hers' which was somewhat damp. She apologized saying that she hadn't had time to dry the towel she uses for customers because of the back to back booking. Wtf? Hmmmmm. Either way, this is not a good start and maybe I should have walked at this point. 

Into the room and she takes off her 'daywear' to reveal a nice bra/undie set and some very nice boobs indeed. At her request I lay on my back and she immediately grabbed little kp and started to wrestle a Dom on him. She tells me she likes to feel him grow in her mouth. Hmmmm. To her credit she gave a very nice CBJ and little kp did indeed grow. She allowed touching and positioned herself for a good view using the mirrors on the wardrobe door. When she released her boobs they where awesome. While she was giving me a CBJ and I was playing with her boobs and clit she did get very wet which was a plus. Had her squirming and foaming nicely.

When I was hard she squatted over me and impaled herself in one motion and like a lot of bigger girls her pussy was tight. We fucked like this for a bit with her boobs swinging over me. She informed me she loves doggy so we swapped around and I was soon pumping her from behind but this didn't do it for me, so she rolled on to her back and we finished in mish with her boobs bouncing around adding to the visual. 

While she delivered the service, unfortunately for me it didn't meet my expectations and the hygiene issues would stop me going again. As always, YMMV and I did find her to be an articulate happy person.


