Thread Title: Amber - Robina - 0411 490 311
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 04:53 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 Amber - Robina - 0411 490 311
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amber

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 25.10.16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...BLUE-EYES.html

Hours of Business : says she works most days

Rates : Massage $100 half, full service $200 half

Age : 24, maybe a few years older

Size/shape : size 10-12, excellent breast enhancement

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : massage and full service

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Trying to make the most of my time in my old stomping grounds, the Gold Coast, decided to see a working lady every day for the 5 days i am here and here is the last review.  I made contact with Amber last week and knew she was near the golf course we we going to play in Robina made a visit to her a no brainer if, 1. her pics were real, which she said they were and 2. if she could see me in the morning before we teed off, which she was quite obliging  about.

Turned up at her resort and it was a bit of luck it was less than a minute away from where I would be golfing so I thought that's a good start. Up to her studio through a side door and I must say this girl is very hot indeed, in a gold coast, blonde bikini girl kind of way.  I have always been a sucker for that, and being away for most of the last year working in far flung places has made me appreciate blondes with bolt ons much more than I used to. The service was pretty much by the numbers, as you would expect from a half hour full service. No real time to get into a real groove, but the golf course and I had a date, which I could not get out of, or i would have happily spent an extra half hour with her. 

The highlight was the oral, Amber has an excellent technique and if i had more time I would have certainly enjoyed a couple of rounds of it with her. All in all a great finish to a massive weekend, quite a bit of talent to be had on the GC at the moment with a little planning and forthought you can have a massive time for a reasonable outlay.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for review gc. PM sent. She sounds like a great find, appreciate the find 👍🏻


