Thread Title: Ame-May Gladstone Qld 0421 347 372
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2019, 08:36 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Ame-May Gladstone Qld 0421 347 372
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 01/03/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0421 347 372

Hours of Business :  Inquire

Rates : $300ph

Age : 23

Size/shape : Cuddly 12-14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : PSE

Value for money/recommend? : Hell Yes

My experience/comments : 
Well this girl talks the talks....wlaks the walk as well.
Again easy to communicate with, she has 2 rates & won't do short times...
$200 for GFE & $300 for PSE....one thing to note she don't like being eaten out...& all safe...even the head...I think more she likes to play it all safe so claims she don't like it.
Anwyas difference was explain between the 2 either a tender loving hour or a rough as fuck hour where anything was aloud & if you make her tap out or say the safe word....free service..she leaves the money on your wallet or in your wallet.

What's to loose....well let's say I never made her tap out & by the love of the fucking Lord this girl takes a absolute thrashing.
For the sensetive snow flakes that may read this review.....don't go any further. Or simply I may dilute it's content.

Well she assures me & explains some of the sessions she has with the PSE & I won't go into the whole gambit of what went on.
She loves being throat fucked beyond the normal...literally til her eyes water. Take a thrashing you have no idea....while being throat fucked and literally crying because I am literally smacking her face so hard & pulling need hair so hard I  have to ease off so I literally don't take a chunk out...as stated she don't allow DATY but I got a few minutes in when I literally threw her onto the bed & made her lay n eat that cunt...nice looking cunt before fucking her....me on top....I wanted to get her in doggy so I pick her up and throw her against the wall then force her head into the wall by ramming it & slam my cock into her doggy all the while one foot is on her face & she is screaming for more & calling me chicken shit because I can't make her tap out....

So I drag her by the hair to the lounge room throw her onto the lounge so hard it tips over...drag her to the lounge again drapes her over the lounge & fuck her til I blow.
While not a hour long I was done....this girl IS a demon when it comes through play....I could not make her tap out & tbh I don't think I came close?
I help her with the lounge & tidy up & we cuddle on the lounge as still had 15 min to go...she tells me that was so hot....she is a lovely girl with a chubby but good body helps with how tall she is...a real GND look...she tells me a few stories of how rough shit can get from split lips, bloody noses & being choked til she passes out & every time the client freaks out ...she loves it....hence her guarantee of a free root if you make she tap out...

She said with the GFE she will see a lot of clients in a day if she is busy...the PSE she can still see a few clients as some don't really get into it...they want the rough play but really don't do any more different to the GFE & she has refunded $100 if they basically only do that service.

Right certainly I won't call it the best blowjob in Gladstone for one reason...condom...if no condom hands down the best.
Best fuck in Gladstone....yes but have to admit all 3 seriously nothing in it....its just a simple I have to rank them lol.
But you want a rough as fuck time with a cute but very experienced girl she is your girl.

Tidbit: Doing reviews on a tablet is a pain in the ass...while I don't have a partner to worry about going throw my computer I simply use a tablet for all my punting & the like...never ever use a computer it's always this tablet. Never need to worry about any tracks to cover up.
But what it does is make typing fucking hard. Auto correct is a cunt it will change words from what I want to some other bullshit because it thinks I want that word.
Fucking shits me lol.


