Thread Title: Amy (Asian) - Toowong, Brisbane - 0402 373 936
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st October 2013, 12:36 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Amy (Asian) - Toowong, Brisbane - 0402 373 936
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy - i think

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 30/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 373 936

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates : $180 / 1 hour

Age : 22* - Hard to tell or argue

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean 

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES
Well after my visit to Sofi & doing some business with my clients on the GC heading home & all i felt like was a honest session with a young lady, Asian well not had in a while & I know they are hit & miss but this add on Locanto was really all I was after, I basically drive past this suburb on way home & thought well as long as decent looking I will stay a hour get a gobbie & a root & really nop matter what its all I was after just a blow on the way home, knowing Asians are really hit & miss figured I know I could do a couple of hundred but made booking, address text with time & arrived about the time with a few to spare. Not my normal punt to be honest but simple & could not be bothered making the ususal calls, text, research all I wanted was a fuck simple!

So knock on door and well she was nice, young - always hard to tell with alot of Asians but no reason to doubt her, tall but spoke little engrisshhh but knew what I was there for, knew what she is used for & best we could do was hand motion what I wanted, agreed shown to the room payed my dues, shower & by time I was out she was back, she comes over for cuddles and very passionate kissing as to say, my add is real & my English may suck but I know my job & do it well. While kissing she strokes my cock while I slide her dress off, very nice tall figure with very perky tits, so down onto her nipples I go sucking away while she started soem decent hand work on my cock that was just hard as can be. We move over to the bed, she lays down for me to sample her shaved box, it was already wet so i decide well a good session is in order so for the next 15 min I licked on her clit, tongues her wet hole, sucked on her flaps, tongue fucked her tight asshole, only objections I got was with the fingering, she allowed it to a degree but not more then 1 in at a time & not to long but otherwise was a decent pussy eating session, she especially enjoyed her clit being sucked, really made the right noises as she pulled on her nipples. If it was fake who gave a fuck she was doing all the right things. 

Now was my turn to recieve some cock sucking we exchange places interwinded with another passionate kiss, where I make myself comfortable & she starts a decent BBBJ, plenty of head sucking, slurping, a little ball playing at my request otherwise a straight forward mostly anyways BBBJ, a good 10 minutes before she asks, you want to fuck me, well why the hell not, she gets the dom & on with the dom, she hops on for some standard riding, griding her pussy right into my pelvic bone with some rocking back & forth motion while I play with her tits. So after this & really sort of getting there let her know my turn to fuck her, so over on her back she goes, I climb on with her legs up around her ears where I proceed to fuck her deep for a good 5 minutes before exploding into the dom, job done. After i collapse beside her she cuddles in for a 1/2 assed chat while stroking my cock a little. 

Overall: Well was way better then I actually thought, with a decent attractive young Asian who does her job the way you want it, decent & honest with no bullshit. Could not complain for a decent fuck for a decent price. I do get the feeling these Asians do rotate all over the place, have been to this place a couple of times over the past 5 years.
Rating 7/10

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th November 2013, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by payforplay


Person's Name : Amy - i think

Establishment : Private Residence

.

"""



Thank you for your review payforplay.

Another cracking review.

Was this the ad ( NEW Relaxation Massage With Happy Ending In Toowong ),

"Hi Guys,

I am a hot, sexy, fun chick that loves people and enjoys getting down and dirty from time to time  I do both full and Massage service! Please call me on 0402 373 936!!

Happy ending Prices:
$90 for half hour
$150 for one hour

Full service Prices:
$120 for half hour
$180 for one hour passionate service

I am size 8 with hot legs and sexy long reddish brown coloured hair, hot tits and a great arse. I am twenty two and available for an all inclusive full service massage. Body size 8 and BUSTY size D cup bust! I have the body to die for and a very pretty face too!

Kissing and GFE ok. I have sexy lingerie, heels we can have lots of fun on the bed together Or just come for a hot massage ..... I will provide you with a very happy ending!


Genuine pics so give me a call for a booking.

U wont be disappointed 

Please contact me on 0402 373 936" ?


