Thread Title: Amy - Springwood QLD  - 0421 904 618
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2016, 04:04 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Amy - Springwood QLD  - 0421 904 618
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : early Nov 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_5446869...-orgasmXX.html

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : 120/30   180/hr

Age : says 21 but 30s

Size/shape : slim attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : prob Vietnamese

Services Provided : CBJ kissing, DATY FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES but a very strange punt

My experience/comments : 

Easy to make a booking via text and saw her during my lunch break. At arrival i text for room number and was asked to wait 5min while she dressed for me. Amy answered the door in a red dress, and was it was clear she wasn't ready, she had some steaming hot noodles in a bowl that she was just about to eat, the sliding door was open with the curtain blowing and the tv was on. i asked if she wanted to eat first and she gave me a strange look but i am sure she understood.

i paid up front and she stripped down to some attractive frilly red underwear, she has quite an attractive slim body with a twinkle in her eye that i was unsure about, but i was there and quite horny. She began with some kissing and the phone buzzed and ignored before moving onto the bed for some cbj which was quite good with pressure and enthusiasm but she wasn't very focussed and the phone buzzed a few more times before she checks quickly.

Decided some DATY was needed as i love it and wanted to get her into my session, which she was happy about it but i had only just got my lips wet and the phone rings, which she answers while on the bed so i wave to her to keep talking and i continue DATY as she is chatting away in another language, sounded friendly and like family, as i licked away and got quite turned on.

Phone called ended i move up into some missionary, which was firm and moist and i finally have her attention with some good thrusting cause damn it, its my session and i have already paid! Then there is a solid knock at the door, and again she is up off the bed and turns to look at me and says stay there. Here i am pussy on my face and cock , fully naked on the bed... she goes to answer the door as i look for an escape route ( sliding door and curtain still open) clothes now where near, so i move onto the single bed which is further around he corner from the door.

There is a short loud conversation in another language, and the guy goes to push past her but she stops him, gets him out and locks the door. Amy comes back and looks at me unfazed by it all. I still have a semi-boner so we get back into some  covered Mish which is pretty good and i get her legs moving around abit before i ask for some doggy. It seems she does love doggy as she was up and into position very quickly and took quite a pounding as i grabbed her butt she had her face in the pillow with muffled groans and her tail high in the air, which was what i needed and quite a sight as i came into her wet pussy. She came up with a twinkle in her eye and a big smile and cleaned me up.

So that was my half hour! Not sure wether the drama added to the session but it certainly got me focussed, and it seemed Amy was no stranger to it all and handled herself very well. masterj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2016, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bad luck there was the interruption as you appeared to have the makings of a good session.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd January 2016, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You know WOT, i left a happy man but also a little disturbed as it could have gone horribly wrong. At one stage i did have visions of me running outside the motel starkers with no where to go, my clothes, phone and keys still in the room!! ( abit like that holeproof underwear ad from years ago) But it turned out alright. i haven't been back because of the interruptions and to be fair it was lunchtime and she was clearly hungry the way she looked at the hot noodles, but her head just wasn't in the session until doggy. think I'm over motel punts.


