Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th August 2018, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Amy , Hervey Bay / Maryborough 0473 110 882
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : outcall

Date of Visit : 24\08\2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :https://herveybay.locanto.com.au/ID_...be-fucked.html

Phone : 0473 110 882

Hours of Business : enquire

Rates : $500 pH (  discounted )

Age : 26

Size/shape : 10\12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aust

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No\No

My experience/comments : 

First up this girl is better in her pics, 2nd we only done a blow n go, 3rd she after the big bucks but as you will see she is overpriced then some.
Anyways Amy is from the Sunny Coast and I suspect a range of issues & now trying to start over but the issue is the way she comes across. Communication is fairy easy, tho booking is not, a few no shows & lack of tack will not make her any money.

Talk about high end escorts in another thread but hey when in Rome do as the Romans do and with the lack and I do mean the lack of girls in the region that is now bordering on just about impossible these days , I figured get her out see her in person and see what is what. We chatted a bit over the previous week or so and she gave me a insight into her personality & to be fair she is decent enough to look at & at times easy to talk to but other times really frank.

She shows up at my place, seemed to be with it but her pics are flattering if you ask me, in previous chats she claimed to give the best blowjob ever and is wild in bed with anything goes what ever you want. Her pics tho , its amazing what filters do for pictures, she is attractive but very plain, her body is OK but def a lot better out there, and the way she talks even face to face is too blunt IMO, you get more flies with honey I think the saying goes ( not sure now lol), this is the issue and I mentioned it to her, she said well your waisting my time I have heaps of bookings tonight, I said OK here is $30 sorry to stuff you around - because at that point there was no way I was going to see her, right there the sex would of been terrible but she says no no its OK I'm sorry ( heaps of booking my ass) I said well at $500ph I'm going to pass & give you $50 now , she said well if you make it $130 I will give you a mind blowing blowjob....I ponder and agree.

So $130 for a blowjob, while we never clicked and this is important we proceed to the lounge where I take my strides off and she gets down to a very average bkowjob, nothing great about it at all, very much one dimensional at best and while it achieved the goal of cum in mouth that's all it achieved. On the 10 min mark she said are you going to hurry up or what? Way to keep the sensual feel going, so with a nbit of help from me I cum.

We chatted and said where you off to now, she said no where I don't have bookkngsz guys in the area suck and think I am over priced, she said to be honest I am not going to fuck ugly men for what other girls are charging up here, so its $500 special & I will fuck ugly men. I say well am I ugly, she said oh no sorry your decent I mean other men...I said still its not nice way to go about it and I don't think you be earning much money at all. She claimed she use to see 3 clients per day 7 days per week on the Sunny Coast, I said your math don't add up because you should be mega rich lol and to that she stormed off.

She has issues, while be decent to look at, she is over priced and waiting I believe for that guy who will shell out $500 that are not on the coast...in fact not many around that will pay that for some pussy. In the end $130 was OK but she is not

Avoid.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th August 2018, 02:05 PM
Poster ID: The Possum
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good to see you're out and about P4P even if the session didn't turn out well. No doubt the next one will be FABULOUS!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th August 2018, 03:28 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by The Possum


Good to see you're out and about P4P even if the session didn't turn out well. No doubt the next one will be FABULOUS
"""



Well in Brisbane Thursday to Sunday maybe Monday , have a few lined up including Callie and funny enough amother Callie 25 confirmed bookings now just confirmed older Callie for Thursday. Looking at min  2 a day so around 6-10 punts .

But yes Amy, she is cute but the pics are flattering, but OK body, possibility she could be a good working girl just her attitude and talk don't match the service.
Old hand at it use to be Sunny Coast.

P4P


