Thread Title: Amy - Sunnybank - 0401 663 587
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2011, 02:59 PM
Poster ID: dakdak
Post Title: 
 Amy - Sunnybank - 0401 663 587
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Amy

Establishment :Private

Date of Visit:14/02/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:0401 663 587

Hours of Business: 9am till 6pm

Rates:$100 full service half hour.

Age:Late 30's

Size/shape:Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asian

Services Provided:Oral without, full service with protection, kissing

Value for money/recommend?:Good value, pasionate service

My experience/comments:Good unrushed service, starts with a massage then some oral then into some fullon fucking.
Nice clean premises and clean lady too.
Average english skills.
Doesn't like anything anal.
Good kissing and not bad oral skills, and a tight pussy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st February 2011, 08:23 AM
Poster ID: pavp79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
good on bro.. but my exp was her was not good.. may be becoz there was no connection


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th April 2011, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: gen18
Post Title: 
 Friendly Amy - Sunnybank, Bris - Cracker and CM
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Amy

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://cracker.com.au/sunnybank-bris...urn=1&pageno=1  -  0401663587 

Rates: $100 the half, from memory. FS

Age: Hard to tell. 30+ probably.

Size/shape: Slim, size 7 or 8. Not tall. C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: FS, Massage

Value for money/recommend?: VFM and Recommend, see below.

My experience/comments: For my first post I wanted to give a girl a review who hadn't had one before. Amy got the honours because shes not that well known and deserves a bit of acknowledgment.

Amy is chinese, olive skin and as stated above, not a 19 yr old asian. That being said, she doesn't act it. I've seen her twice and both times she has been very energetic and limber. And very 'into' the session.

Amy is quite skilled with her service, and she gives a nice strong massage. What really makes her a bit different is her attitude. She says shes friendly and she really is. She showers with you before and after, is happy to let time run over if she isn't busy just to talk. We've talked about her holidays and she has run off suddenly only to come back with holiday snaps. The last time I was there she offered to make me dinner, and on my way out she noticed my shoes were a bit worn and she offered to buy me new ones ... Both offers I declined. But what a difference in attitude to what you normally get.

Would I recommend. Yes. Wholeheartedly. Maybe she won't win any modelling contests or become a J Pop star, but if you don't go in expecting that sort of girl, she is very nice. Now I hope she keeps it up.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: Johnny173
Post Title: 
 Sunnybank
				
Post Content: 
just saw a WL in sunnybank, the service was great! She's not the hottest, around mid-late thirties,but has a nice body and her face is pretty. Very nice pussy (everything neatly tucked away,no bits hanging out). Says she hasn't been a WL for very long, and i believe it because for a woman her age she wasn't loose like a lot of other WL's. She said she would even do quick full service for $80, at first i gave her $80,then we showered together,started to kiss and have foreplay in the shower,which proceeded to her giving me CBJ. We then went to the room where she gave me a massage that she actually put a lot of effort into. So after the massage i gave her another $20 and told her i wanted to stay a little longer. Then she sucked me off more until i could tell she was genuinely horny (it didn't seem like acting at all),then we fucked. The sex was great, when i did try to thrust faster she told me to slow down so we could enjoy it more. But she didn't mind if i thrusted deep and hard,as long as i was mostly going slow. Once i came we had another shower and then we went back to the bedroom and she massaged me some more. She offered me a drink (as most WL's do),but she also offered me dinner,which i declined,but it was nice of her to offer. She was a bit chatty, but she wasn't that way until i started talking a bit, so if you're the quiet type i think she would stay quiet. At no point did she talk during massaging me except when she asked if i wanted her to massage a bit harder or softer.

Once i finally left i realised 50 minutes had passed,& i had only paid her $100! She was in no rush to get me out the door.

She lives in sunnybank, her number is 0401663587,

i reccommend you give her a call


