Thread Title: Angel - Port Douglas - 0414 188 581
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th June 2019, 01:59 PM
Poster ID: chuck321
Post Title: 
 Angel - Port Douglas - 0414 188 581
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel/Angela

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 8/5/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 188 581

Phone : 0414 188 581

Hours of Business : 10am - Late

Rates : 130 for 30mins

Age : 20

Size/shape : Slim with DD Cup Breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Full Service, Covered.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : Well where do I start, I needed a break from Winter and headed up North to Port Douglas with a group of friends, After checking out most of the night life and finding it was pretty tame and most backpackers had headed home due to winter. I was left with blue hue down below. I had a bit of a google around and discovered Angel was in town and sparked my yellow fever after she sent a few photos. We set a time and I managed to separate from the group for a "morning walk" and she picked me up nearby (Winning!). We had a quick chat over a 10 minute drive and she was wearing all black dress with no bra and fishnet stockings on, I was ready to go before we even got inside. She had a private hotel apartment and we walked in and she pointed me towards the shower, I did the deed and she met me holding a towel afterwards and dried me down as my cock rubbed against her legs and ass as the dried my shoulders and then she really made sure it was dry. We went into the bedroom and she asked for payment before we started which was fine and I declined extras, as she took the money elsewhere I laid on the bed and waited. I then felt a warm pressure on my tip as she pushed a condom down my cock with her mouth and started with a deep blowjob. I had to concentrate and slow her down as i wanted to pop early. I picked her up and spun her around for a 69 and she was fully shaven, after teasing her myself I pushed her ass and slid her down towards my cock as she swiftly jumped on. We did reverse cowgirl and moved into doggy, where she then asked where I wanted to cum. I finished on her lucious tits with a great HJ and we finished with a shower together as I had time to spare. She dropped me back off, and I proceeded to enjoy the rest of my trip!


