Thread Title: Angela - North Brisbane - 0422 058 119
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2014, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: Lefthand
Post Title: 
 Angela - North Brisbane - 0422 058 119
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Private home

Date of Visit : June 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Japanese Beauty for full body massage Wonderful, Brisbane 

Hours of Business : 9am-10pm

Rates : $90/hr, $60/half

Age : late thirties

Size/shape : 8, nice body ... a little extra

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : First time:Yes... MMV

My experience/comments : This was my second visit to Angela - I saw her about six months previously - and this experience was less enjoyable. The first visit Angela greeted me at the door with a hug and a peck on the cheek (quite like old friends!) and we hustled to a spare bedroom with an ensuite and massage table. She stripped to a sexy crimson bra and panties and I to birthday suit and she then proceeded to a light, relaxing massage. I asked for more pressure and she did do so for a while, however it soon became evident that massage skills are Angela's highest skill set. She was chatty if you were, and quiet if you were .... perfect! I was happy to go with the slow, soft flow and simply relax, however around the 30 minute mark the stroking was becoming more sensual and my discomfort at lying face down was also apparent . Until now the application of oil had been sparing (to my liking) but the flip saw a liberal pouring onto the nether region and she warmed to the task at hand. Angela was ok with caressing and touching outside her panties and when I showed signs of being a stayer she allowed me to pop the puppies to bring on the finale! An efficient clean-up and more massage and chat, a warmer hug as I departed.
On this most recent visit Angela appeared less enthusiastic and was dressed in routine attire. The massage and HJ were similar to my first visit, but without the energy that previously existed. She was sniffling throughout and was obviously ill with a cold or flu and no doubt this had some effect on my experience. Her home is very tidy and the massage table is fitted with an electric blanket to provide some warmth in Brisbane's winter ...
In fairness I'll probably return as  in good health I would expect Angela to be providing the service I enjoyed initially.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th July 2014, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you Lefthand.

Here's the Locanto ad,






 Originally Posted by http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_280367235/Japanese-Beauty-for-full-body-massage-Wonderful.html

 Japanese Beauty for full body massage Wonderful - 29

Japanese sensual relief with an attractive, elegant and smiling Japanese lady. Wonderful and no rush. Relaxation and experience. $90/hour. $60/half. start 9am-10pm. 7 days work. Please take some time out from your daily routine and come to enjoy with me. I promise: you will absolutely love and enjoy it....... looking forward to see you. Ph:04220-58119 ( please call only )


