Thread Title: Angel  BBW - Brisbane - 0420 667 185
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th April 2015, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: 
 Angel  BBW - Brisbane - 0420 667 185
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

 Establishment : Private 

 Date of Visit : 9/4/2015

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_37...ra-charge.html Ph 0420667185

Rates : $300 an hour

 Age : Mid 20s 

 Size/shape :BBW, fully shaved, 5'6", C/D cup tits

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

 Services Provided : BBBJ DATY DFK FS incl. anal, squirt & CIM

 Value for money/recommend? : Good

Called on a whim after finding her in Cracker and Angel was available (for me I was fortunate as she is going OS for a while on the 10th April and likely when returning to a base in Sydney. She said she will use same mobile on return)

Located for this visit in close to Brisbane city and an easy walk. 

Met me in the lift in a black non flattering dress however in her room stripped to reveal a skimpy maid lingerie set

DFK to start as we undressed to mutual shower. 

More DFK and BBBJ as she washed me hornily. Dried and more kissing and blow as I masturbated her in the bathroom and through to the bedroom. 

Dommed me and we fucked missionary firstly in her cunt (a bit too much lube for good traction) and then some missionary anal. I was a bit large for her as I entered and she asked me to do so slowly which unfortunately saw me lose my hardon. 

More BBBJ then she squirted on my leg - wonderfully warm and wet. Finished soon after blowing in her mouth. 

If you like big girls, kissing, very good BBBJ and anal I think Angel good (not awesome but good for all the enthusiastic service provided). 

To find her again, look in Cracker in 4-6 weeks


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th April 2015, 06:03 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Couldn't find her on Cracker, but heres Angel's Locanto ad....





			
				Ever wanted to be squirted on? Wanted to try anal but never had a chance? I am here to please you with a full fantasy experience. I am young, open minded, horny and would love to fulfill your fantasy whatever that may be… Please let me know if you have a specific fantasy you would like to try and I will be happy to accommodate.

I genuinely love sex, giving and receiving pleasure, I love kissing, I particularly love anal sex and this is offered in all my bookings. I like to give you a porn star experience but can give a very loving girlfriend experience or I love to role play being sub or dom, whatever you choose  I can have multiple orgasms with lots of squirting and you are welcome to go more than once if you like.

I love being naughty when it comes to sex so don’t be shy to try something new. When asked about my services and limitations it is not often I say no, if you are respectful and ask for what you want you will receive. I am a nice natured person and you will not be disappointed as I am genuinely passionate about sex and love giving sexual satisfaction, whatever way you like it.

Available Morning and Evenings, sometimes during the day please contact me any time day or night to find out if I am available. I can also do outcalls depending on location.

I can take calls so if you have any questions about myself or my services for me please give me a call on 0420 667 185.

My stats are: Blonde, Blue eyes, Good looking, Size DD Boobs, Size 12 dress size, 5”6 height. 

I have a private apartment in Waterloo or can do outcall by arrangement.

I do not charge extra for extra services, as they are all included in the price.

Drinkers and smokers welcome.

I give a great full body massage so if you are needing to relax and have some fun these holidays come and see me for an indulgent experience  

$300 half hour fantasy experience
$350 one hour fantasy experience
$500 two hour fantasy experience 
$1400 all night fantasy experience
Outcalls travel cost depending on location
Outcall to swingers club by arrangement

Call or text, if I miss your call I will return it ASAP. Thanks, Angel 0420667185


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th April 2015, 06:57 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Angel's work in Sydney is also reviewed here, Angel - Zetland  - 0420 667 185


