Thread Title: Angelique - Upper Coomera, Gold Coast - 0414 542 379
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2017, 04:41 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Angelique - Upper Coomera, Gold Coast - 0414 542 379
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angelique

Establishment : Private house, Upper Coomera

Date of Visit : Sat 3 June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 542 379
Im on Coomera hill, near all the theme parks. Genuine photos come c me before work or after. FSA NSA - Gold Coast escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Doesn't specify, call her to find out if/when she's available

Rates : (My booking) Massage $150/hr +$20 DATY, FS $200/hr, GFE $250/hr. See her BP ad for full breakdown

Age : late 50's (not 35!)

Size/shape : Slim fair skin blonde, D natural tits slight sag, narrow light strip of pussy hair, ad photos are her

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : Massage, bodyslides back/front, CBJ, 69 with DATY +$20, also offers FS and GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Maybe (her age may put some off)

My experience/comments : 

Saw multiple similar format ads on BP for working girls in Upper Coomera so decided to try Angelique's as her ad claimed to be real photos of her. Had some business in the area so called her to book a time and get her location, west about 7-10min drive off the motorway. When she opened the door it WAS her, per her ad photos, but her wrinkly skin indicated a lot older (later she mentioned she used to be a MeterMaid so alot of outdoor sunshine could account for premature skin ageing), but was happy to proceed with booking as she was attractive and very friendly. She is in a culdesac residential area so nothing discrete about parking in her driveway and rocking up to her door, but I didn't mind.

Sorted the finances, quick shower at my request while she stripped off, then face down on bed. Her massage technique was very ordinary, no therapeutic technique, very quick sweeps with her hands over the back and legs and sometimes felt like she was trying to rub pencil marks off my skin. She does alot of upper thigh, ball sack and dick rubbing during her routine which is why I didn't mind her technique - I was there more for the erotic rather than the therapeutic aspect of the massage. She rubbed her tits over my bum cheeks and up my back while I lift up my arse to allow her occasional hand access to fondle my cock, so wasn't a full body-to-body slide I've experienced in the past.

She also didn't like me runinng my hands over her body as it distracted her massage technique but I had ample opportunity to fondle her body on turnover. On my back she repeated her massage and tit slide technique, rubbing my cock between her tits as well. Then on with a condom and sucked my cock while she straddled my face so I could lick her clit. Blew my first load into the latex.

Round 2 was face down again and she repeated the whole process. Turnover and same process, sucked my cock again (covered) as I played with her arse cheeks/hole and pussy (no fingers allowed inside). Blew my second load as she finished me off with HJ.

Definitely value for money and took up the whole hour. Angelique did say a few strange things in conversation and was chatty during part of the time but she did have a nice face and slim, well shaped body so I enjoyed myself. Some may be put off by her aged appearance. I won't hurry back simply due to the distance.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th June 2017, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Different number, but sounds like the same lady. https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f101/...0-474-a-46296/


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th June 2017, 05:58 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There are a number of Back Page ads (today approx. 10!) with location Upper Coomera (of which 3 I found to be Angelique's, same mob number) and nearly all have the same content/price format within the ad but different pics and phone contact. I mentioned this to Angelique during my session with her about copycat ads in BP, she just gave me some cryptic response ("strange conversation" in my review) that I simply let slide. First glance I thought these ads were multiple WL ads working from the same brothel in the local area.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th June 2017, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
maybe she has a dual sim or two phones


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th June 2017, 04:54 PM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I wrote the original review linked and it sounds like the same girl to me, including the description of her appearance, the house, and the service.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th October 2017, 10:31 AM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I should have listened to the reviews, but was visiting the area as I am involved in some construction projects very close by. Figured what the heck as it was really seemingly the only game in town 5 minutes away for a quick getaway.

I will not write a review. I just do not recommend. Deceptive advert, looks are not close to on par with the pics, service is starfish, and she is not organized. I actually got a call from her after the booking stating that she had missed my call and she asked why I had called. Unacceptable and unprofessional. Hope that helps. I should have known better.


