Thread Title: Angela Eve - Brisbane -  0488 742 895
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd April 2011, 02:06 AM
Poster ID: azzaboy
Post Title: 
 Angela Eve - Brisbane -  0488 742 895
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Angela Eve

Date of Visit: 28/03/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: www.angela-eve.com

Hours of Business: 7 days - flexible

Rates: $250 hour

Age: 35

Size/shape:

Nationality or Ethnicity: NZ

Services Provided: GFE, Kissing, Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely, one of the best specially for this price.

My experience/comments: Saw Angela (aka Heidi) the second time this year and it just gets better.  she was available on short notice at abt 7pm close to the city easy to get via public transport.  Was very friendly on the phone.  I had requested her to wear a black g string and stocking like in her pics. anyway, reached time, buzzed thru the intercom and we both were happy to see each other again and instantly as i entered she hugged me tightly and started kissing me wildly. i started to undress her at the door already and then we hit the bedroom and quickly gave her the money and then had an amazing time with lots of foreplay and she gave a very massage at the end too after which we hit it again. her oral skills are very good too. wow. will be seeing her frequently.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th May 2011, 03:06 PM
Poster ID: ShawnMichaels
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw Angela for the first time while up in Brisbane recently and it was fabulous. Lovely girl, passionate and very sexy with peach-shaped ass and enormous boobs (which I'm into). Kissing, nice BJ (no condom, an extra) and she insisted I cum between her boobs - which was so incredible I had a huge orgasm. Even she commented on it: "God, that's a lot of cum". I'll be back for sure.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th October 2011, 08:36 PM
Poster ID: cheekym
Post Title: 
 Brisbane first time
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Angela Eve

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit :   18/10/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   Angela Eve | Australian Escorts| Sydney Brisbane Gold Coast Melbourne Townsville Perth Canberra tasmania escort

Hours of Business :    24/7

Rates :   $250/hour FS

Age : late 30's

Size/shape :   14-16 FF 

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Aus/NZ

Services Provided :   Full Service

Value for money/recommend? :   Good value, would recommend for first time

My experience/comments : First time punt and was plesently suprised with a very warm kiss after walking thru the door. Massive boobs were great fun to play with and stayed a little beyond my hour, so definatly not a clock watcher. Clean place, good parking and easy to find. Will i return: maybe, but want to gauge my experiance against some other WL's services.

Turned up for a midday session and was greeted by a sexy blond with absolutly massive tits. Sorted out the business side of things over a drink and then had an kiss and move to the bedroom. On went some porn and Angela undressed me. She started with an amazing cbj and a bit of a cat bath. She lubed up and we went at it missionary. It was fantastic watching those massive tits bouncing around. She took it like a champion for an extra hard finish.

I wanted to fuck those fantastics tits and she was more than happy for me to do so. What an experiance. 

We later had some vib play and and finished off with some fantastic doggy.

not bad for a first time!! excited to get out there and try some more 

cheers cheeky.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th November 2011, 11:43 AM
Poster ID: matty2010
Post Title: 
 Angela Eve - Brisbane QLD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela Eve 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Nov 2011

Type of Visit: Outcall - The Gold Coast

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Reviews - Pg1 Welcome - 0488742895 0488 742 895

Hours of Business : Check Website for latest info as she tours

Rates : $250 Ph

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : A Perfect 10 / 12. Curves in the right places. Hips and Chest

Nationality or Ethnicity : White / NZ

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : 10 out of 10. Highly recommended. You will not be disappointed.

My experience/comments : I was lucky enough to meet with Angela last week at my hotel. From the first phone call she was more than happy to help the questions and the requests I had. On the day of the booking she kept in touch simply to let me know that she was on time and would be up shortly. I had arranged a room key for her as the lifts were key coded. 
A ring of the door bell and as I approached the door she let herself in. At this point all I can say is wow! As the door opened it revealed a drop dead gorgeous blonde with a perfect smile who eyes lit as she said a big warm hello. Welcome Angela! At this point I new the next 3 hours would be absolute heaven. I can gladly report that they were. Angela's total service is amazing. From the conversation on the balcony to the gentle unrushed strip show that reveals the best breasts you will find, the mind blowing oral with softest pickest lips and the simply divine passionate sex with the amazing hairless body. She is the total package, make sure you do not miss out. 
Her website says "In 20 years from now you will regret more the things that you didn't do than the things you did!" All I can say is that if you do not see her you will regret it for a lifetime.


