Thread Title: Angelina Andrews - Gold Coast - 0478 131 990
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th March 2015, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: 
 Angelina Andrews - Gold Coast - 0478 131 990
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angelina Andrews

Establishment : Private WL

Date of Visit : Feb 15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Various : GCE Locanto Twitter etc 

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 450 hr

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Probably Size 8 enhanced D's long brunette hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : FS Light kissing CBJ...

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV - Neutral

My experience/comments : 
Saw her ad on locanto and then a few more google searches led me to twitter pics that were quite enticing. My txt enquiries were promptly responded to and her upmarket incall location easily reached.
The pics are real but slightly retouched. Conversation was pleasant and easy. Formalities and a shower later we engaged in some light kissing to commence from where she suggested a massage to start... ( this reminded me of a standard brothel encounter but I went with the flow. )  after a few minutes I suggested she lie down but she declined as she had her plan in motion, massage, then cbj, then cowgirl followed by a shower then the offer for round two... No DATY was available.... It was at this point I cashed in and hit the road and put the encounter down to experience. I've had a good run of late so wasn't too fussed. I do think though at this price point more should be on offer but thats only my opinion. We didnt click but some other punters with more charm or better looks may find her more receptive.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th March 2015, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_3...-in-calls.html





			
				Angelina Andrews Aussie Bombshell Escort GoldCoast, in calls - 25

I'm Angelina Andrews, sent from up above to satisfy your sexual desires and ignite your passion for all things ....... and nice. A little about me I'm a 25-year-old lover of travelling, fitness, dining and sex (of course!) I have a sweet and kind personality with a willingness to please! I'm very down to earth and I'm very easy to talk to. Please check out my twitter account for more photos as I am quite busy so can not send individual photos to everyone  google angelinandrews twitter

I have long black hair, soft tanned skin, big blue eyes and sultry lips. Originally from Airlie Beach I love the water, boating on my weekends and taking in the fresh air wearing my itsy-bitsy bikini. I love to travel and now tour all around Australia! 

Im free 6am to 10pm. I do take same day bookings with half hours notice. TXT or email only, if you need to speak with me, please let me know via txt or email and i can give you a call back at a suitable time.


0478131990

$250 HALF HOUR
$450 HOUR


*Please be advised that Private numbers will be ignored, in addition I will only conduct safe sex*

Thank you.
Angelina xx
gold coast escort
0478131990


