Thread Title: Angie Maryborough, Qld 0458 499 354
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th June 2018, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Angie Maryborough, Qld 0458 499 354
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angie

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 29/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458 499 354

Hours of Business : enquire but pretty open

Rates : $100\30min

Age : late 40s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes /Yes

My experience/comments

I was in town for dinner with clients and feeling a tad horny and really no other options apart from the usual fake Asians, I called Angie and she was available in the suburb of Tinana, only 5 min south of the town center so arrive and she gave me the unit number.
Arrive and easy on the eye def mature but a nice body. Pay my dues and we kiss,plenty of kissing in offer, we strip and she has a great firm set of tits, a lot of foreplay, sucking on her tits was great while I was laying on the bed and she was over me for some fun body to body ( read pussy rubbing on dick) action before she gloves up for some good head, she takes her time and its enjoyable experience even covered.

I lay her down to do some nice pussy eating, she loves it and throw in some good rimming, a good 10 min of this before I climb on for some sensual fucking, slow and she knows how to fuck, a great experience but I know I was not close, so flip her onto doggie where the desired results are met with a great orgasm, we cuddle n chest and that is that.

I easy time, fun and value for $100, def not a clock watcher, at no time did she try to finish things up, she let's you dictate the terms and I was out on 50min. 
Def worth it if in the area for some good GFE fun, with a great set of tits for her age.

¶iv¶


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th August 2018, 05:23 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She is back working, she tends to have a break for a week or so then is back advertising.
Again great service compared to what's offered up here of late and that's almost nothing.
Great fun to be had with her, good body and those tits are unreal for her age.
Loves her kitty ate and really let's you dictate what goes on..

Shame are not more like her up here.
Seen her last night 8th as stated nothing doing the rounds up here, the usual Asian switch tactic and the odd younger girl charging $500 ph. 
Prefer a reliable service from a lady who can show those girls what a service is all about.

P4P


