Thread Title: Angie Vietnamese - Springwood  -  0411 175 418
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Angie Vietnamese - Springwood  -  0411 175 418
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angie

Establishment : PWL motel

Date of Visit : late sept 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_10...-NeW-Girl.html

Hours of Business : text to confirm

Rates : $100 20 mins, $130 half hour, $170 3/4 hour, $200 one hour,

Age : 24 but prob 34

Size/shape : small, long hair, B cup, slight frame, soft curves, attractive, hairy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : massage hj cbj fs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes Yes

My experience/comments :

I liked the photos and have never been to vietnam, so booked a half hour session via text. I reckon someone else does the texting as it came back on another number, Angie didnt speak much English and it took at least almost 10min to get the room number on arrival. She looked very wary on arrival, but was dressed very nicely in a tight white lacy dress, a fair bit of make up. 

Gave me a towel and showed me the shower. First customer of the day, no other towels on the floor, bed was still pristine. Still looking a little wide-eyed she motioned to the bed and gave me a decent massage before i turned and she started with a handjob from the above the head which went for awhile but did nothing as i was roaringly stiff anyways so i sat up close. Angie has a nice womanly presence, i reached around and she was tightly wrapped in that dress so i just unhooked her bra and she smiled and stood up and peeled the dress off.

We started with a covered blow job, a tight red condom, and she seemed to quite enjoy giving as her hair fell across my body, this was quite enjoyable and i got to play on the outside of her hairy bush and felt some soft lips. asked if we could 69 and she smiles and lays on the bed in missionary...not much english? so i thought 'oh well its what i came for', she guided me in and her body went a bit stiff, think she was waiting for it to hurt, so i went slow and played in and out, before going deeper. Quite tight but she is excited. She initially kept her arms up and bent against my chest so there was some distance between us. But she relaxed with the gentle movements, and allowed me in deep and to snuggle in behind her ear as our chests met. We had quite a good fuck, i believe she came twice before i did and her genuine groans made my orgasm all the better.

 Her slight frame and soft womanly flesh and figure was just what i needed. Didnt get to taste the breast but they were nice and pointy with large brown nipples, maybe next time. Off to the shower and i hear a knock at the door! Repeated a few times and I'm thinking shit this has happened before! She looks at me with a beaming smile and i point to the rear sliding door, but no no she shakes her head and opens the front door and shoos the next punter away (no english) with her hands and a shake of the head. Now she has warmed up, looks excited and attractive. masterj


