Thread Title: Anisha indian - Brisbane - 0477 670 243
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th March 2020, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: Mogreen
Post Title: 
 Anisha indian - Brisbane - 0477 670 243
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anisha

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_4...risb.htmlPhone : 0477670243

Hours of Business : 

Rates :30 mins 150

Age : 25

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : indian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not in a million years

My experience/comments :

Was feeling a bit indian and saw the ad for this girl, typical indian ad without face pics/someone elses bikini pics. Still thought ill give it a shot and who knows i found Julie(who used to be in KPT) without pics but we had great chemistry. 

Sent a text and get standard response that its gfe and sounded like a robo ad where i have noticed most asian ones also do it in saying shower for 2, kissing, body kissing and a long list. One word of warning, maybe stay away from those who give such a list. its BS. 

So i asked for a face pic and she couldnt give one. I told her i have had bad experiences before and hence asking where it ends up being a post op transexual and gfe goes as far as one small kiss, on with the dom and lying down. She said she was a lady and not like that so still feeling indian, i said ill come. 

my oh my, worst decision. i am almost sure that she is a post op tranny like many indian girls that come here. i should have walked away but thought maybe service is good. Same old bloody took off clothes no kiss even just lies down on the bed moves face away when you try to kiss and puts hand crossed over face as if i can do it and leave. 

i just got pissed off and she was like are you tired?  shall i give a handjob? i am like okay she tries that but the whole thing was offputting and i didnt even cum.   i said enough, got dressed and went. waste of 150 and not sure if its evveryones experience but i ll advise stay the hell away. 

ended up calling my regular booty call and got blown in a public toilet to finish off the pain for the night.


