Thread Title: Annabel Lane - Southside Brisbane - 0499 019 152
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th May 2014, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Annabel Lane - Southside Brisbane - 0499 019 152
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Annabel Lane
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: Mar 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Annabel Lane - Escort in Brisbane, Queensland | Australian Babe
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates:$450/hr GFE  $600/hr "NSW"
Age: mid 30's
Size/shape: 5'3", size 6, b-cup, skinny. average looks
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian
Services Provided: Full Service,
Value for money/recommend?: Meh
My experience/comments:

May as well get the bad bits out of the way. Advertised as 23 when I saw her, now advertising 26 a few months later, probably actually around 35. Fairly sure her photos are photoshopped (skin smoothing?). Promises a lot doesn't deliver.

She seemed to be quite organised, however her incall ended up being near Holland Park rather than the CBD. When I arrived I realised that while her photos were her, they had been photoshopped. Her skin was nowhere near what it looked like in the photos but looked like she'd spent too much time in the sun over the years. And was a good 10 years older than she advertised.

She did try and make a bit of an effort but it was fairly clinical acting out an obvious script of what she probably thought was being a "Genuine GFE (TM)". Kissing was OK, BJ was OK, sex was OK, anal was OK. There wasn't really anything about the service you could say was good or bad, it was just fairly average. However it was $600ph for the "NSW service".

Annabel builds up hype but fails to deliver. It was basically a brothel experience for twice the price, and if her statement that she was the best at Viper Room is true then that doesn't hold out much hope for any other girl there. She's definitely more interested in marketing herself than actually providing a VFM service. I guess you can't trust reviews written by "anonymous" on Private Girls 

If she advertised honestly, pulled her pricing inline accordingly, and layed off the act then she would probably do quite well and build a following. At the moment she's taking a different route.


