Thread Title: Annie - Coorparoo - 0404 274 048
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2010, 05:31 AM
Poster ID: asdf69
Post Title: 
 Annie - Coorparoo - 0404 274 048
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Annie

Contact Details/Address: Coorparoo, Brisbane - 0404 274 048

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 

Prices: starts at $70

Age: mid 30's

Size/shape: slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: R'n'T, Oral & FS

Value for money/recommend?: great service at a good price

My experience/comments: Annie is a slim mid 30's Thai lady.  She offers R'n'T as well as FS.  Her prices start at $70 for 30min and her service is great.  She is located in Coorparoo at an easy to find apartment building.  She can be contacted on 0404 274 048.  I have been to see her a few times and the service just keeps on getting better, definitely recommend this lady, treat her well and she will make you very happy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd December 2011, 10:14 AM
Poster ID: summerd
Post Title: 
 Annie - Cooparoo - 0404 274 048
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie from Thai

Establishment : private in Brisbane, Unit in Cooparoo.

Date of Visit : 01/12/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404 274 048

Hours of Business : 9am to 9 pm

Rates : $70 for 30 mins RnT, $130 for 1 hr RnT

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Nice slim, shaved, little body, the breasts are fantastic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Erotic Massage, RnT, Fs(if you are her regular)

Value for money/recommend? : Recommend. Value for money..

My experience/comments : 

I went to see Annie on the 1st of Dec, seen her advertisement on the local news paper Courier Mail under the Erotic Massage section. Cooparoo is really close to my home, so I though I give her a try.

I gave a call, her voice was soft and nice, from the short conversation, seems like she's a friendly person with good English speaking. So I booked for 45 hr.

At the door, greeted by Annie in black mini dress, looked great. She's about 160cm tall with a dark long hair. Went inside, took a 5 mins shower and then she strips down to panty's and sits on my legs for a back rub. What I got was a really good thorough firm massage, Annie really worked on the kinks in my back and calves.  I believe this one of the best massages I have got from a WL and she puts real effort into it.

After 15 mins, she turns me over and started with body slid, really soft body.  Then I ask if touching is allowed, she says there are no restrictions on touching as long as we're friendly. So I put my hands on her B cups breasts, wasn't the best but was so soft and firm. 

Finally, finished with a nice HJ.Then I asked if FS is available, she says if I am one of her regular, she will consider to do it.. Great, she will definitely become one of my regular


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th February 2012, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: lefty808
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Paid Annie a visit a few weeks ago...

Nice lady but I don't think this is accurate "Nice slim, shaved, little body, the breasts are fantastic" 
More like a size 12-14 with a bit of a tummy, un-shaved, but she has nice firm size D tits.

I thought she might not be Annie from Coorparoo - But she said she was.

Overall she offers a excellent massage and tug, but not a HAB that some people make her out to be.

But still worth a visit!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th March 2012, 01:14 AM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Annie From Thai aka Annie4

Establishment : Private Operator

Date of Visit : 4-3-12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404 274 048 / Surfer Paradise / Ad on the GC bulletin

Hours of Business :  11 am till late, most days

Rates : $70 half - $130 hour RNT  extras start from $20 / $200 hour FS / 

Age : 40's

Size/shape : curvy, busty MILF... 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT / FS partook 1 hour RNT

Value for money/recommend? : hell YESslow.quivering.Toe-curling.HJ..and that's the standard RNT.

My experience/comments : 
I gotta say that I lucked out again with this one. I had read good things about her in another forum but couldn't find her contact details until I saw this post and put two and two together. I had also heard that she works in the Valley and was surprised to find out after speaking on the phone that she's currently in Surfers(near Hard Rock) so definitely made an appointment. I had good feeling about her and my hunch paid off. I have a specific things that I look for in an RNT and they're a good therapeutic massage to get the kinks out of my muscles and also the sexy playtime on offer whether it's just HJ or more. I've found you either get a girl who offers one or the other but every now and again you get someone who offers both so I'm always looking for that ML. Annie works from an oldish holiday apartment which is easily in the centre of surfers although had to contend with a cramp and sluggish elevator to get to her. Now, readers probably already know of my attraction to mature MILFs and Annie doesn't disappoint. Curvy figure with lovely D-cups.yum. Cash transaction, shower and laid down the bed for the massage proper. Shame there is no table as Annie's massage technique was quite firm and solid and certainly did my sore muscles a lot of good although I did ask her to power down a tad as I was still aching from a night out previouslylol. As she was wrapping up the therapeutic massage as I'm slightly dozing off, she then starts gently teasing to wake me up. The change of pace had a lovely contrast from all the pressure and kneading previously. Boy oh boy she really shined here technique-wise and also because she did not rush it. Very slow build up as she expertly used her hands to gently set the mood. Flipped over and now she has complete access to my member but still she doesn't rush. She didn't fully grab it but used lots of light strokes and it felt fantastic and had me on the cusp. This must've gone for 5-10 minutes and in the end I had to beg for release which she executed. It's been a while since I'd cum that hard in an RNT. I am so adding her in my list and will have to try her FS soon.


