Thread Title: Apple - 0452 629 992 - Wishart
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th April 2018, 12:13 PM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: 
 Apple - 0452 629 992 - Wishart
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple

Establishment : Wishart

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0452 629 992

Rates : $210/Hour

Age : looked like she was 35yo+

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :

HAB. Apple - Solid session


Hi Punters,

An appointment was easily made with Apply for a same day session via text (0452 629 992). She is located in Wishart so it makes a good 'detour' for those like me travelling up and down the M1. The room itself is rather cramped given the huge bed she has in there. You have to walk slide ways. The place is kept clean but a little messy. There was a 'disco' lighting in the room which initially I found annoying but it grew on me. **.

Her:

She is from Vietnam and is a girl who likes to party. Whilst I have not partake in one of her parties she does make reference to it through out the session. *She has experience a lot of weight loss but her skin and tummy is still very toned. One area that did suffer was her breast which more or less reflects a deflated balloon. She is rather tall for an Vietnamese girl. She does have a round bubble ass which is great to hold on to. *.

Session:

We started with a slow massage to get the blood flowing and she does give a decent massage with a little tackle play. It would have been more if the tackle play was stepped up a notch but it was one of the better massage I've had from a WL. *.

On with the dom for some BJ which did the trick. She was rather agile and flexible which enabled her to move from position to position rather well. This contributed positively to the session. We tried a few position with her on top, me on top and doggy which apparently is her favorite. With a bubble ass like that doggy's appear grew. And the disco lighting which I initially disliked was rather cool as it shun on her ass as we fucked doggy. It reminds me a bit like having sex in the nightclub / dance floor which was an actual turn on.

She did seem to enjoy the session as much as I did. One negative (though I have not yet confirmed) is that there was no kissing at all. NILL. Usually this would have been a deal breaker for me but the session still rather enjoyable.

WIR? Maybe. Depends on who else is available at the time. *.

Cheers.

CG.

Her photos can be found here though they doe not appear genuine to me: ????hey honey i am in Brisbane? do you like party girl 24 yrs - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com.au


