Thread Title: Ariana - Cairns (and Touring) - 0412 564 292
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2015, 09:55 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Ariana - Cairns (and Touring) - 0412 564 292
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ariana Diaz

Establishment : Her Hotel room

Date of Visit : January 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ariana Diaz | | Escorts & Babes    Mobile 0412564292

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : 1 hour $400 1/2 hour $250

Age : 24

Size/shape : sporty curvy 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Sex DATY light kissing (may vary with client)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes very good service overall

My experience/comments :   Ariana advertises on E.B. She was easy to contact and called back after a missed call (not always ideal). When you first call she gives a brief description of the service and then asks if you have any questions. This is probably the best time to make clear any specific expectations or requests, don’t make any assumptions on what "GFE” includes.

  I booked an hour at $400, when the door opened I was pleasantly surprised, Ariana was just what I expected (and wanted) tall, sporty curves, a bit of padding that she put down to too much wine but nothing off putting, she is clearly not a size 8, I don’t know why her Ad says she is; a fit 10-12 would better describe her.

She is pretty, not drop dead gorgeous but a good 8 out of 10. Her boobs are probably a B cup she is quite broad so a lot of back would make her chest bigger in inches than her cup size indicates.  Hips are a bit padded but plenty of muscle tone beneath and really good legs, not skinny, strong sporty legs. 

  We discussed the service, GFE (undefined), kissing sex, I paid and we cuddled standing up, I gently kissed her and we slowly moved to the bed, more kissing lying side by side, her fit young body was having an effect on me already and I wanted to make sure she enjoyed it as well so I went down on her (slowly without asking but giving her plenty of chance to indicate if she didn’t want me to) She was very responsive and seemed to enjoy, when I stopped and changed to rubbing her with my hand I was surprised, she asked if I wanted to make her cum, I continued with what I was doing until she told me she had.

  After that she put a condom on me asked if I” wanted head”   I asked her to get on top instead, she quickly got on top rubbing my erection with her pussy, she was fine when I changed my mind and we swapped positions to missionary. She has an amazingly strong pussy and gripped so hard, her pussy playing with my dick, an amazing feeling not surprisingly I didn’t last long but still the best sex in a long while.

  We both showered and she came back nude, we lay on the bed cuddled and talked for the rest of the time, only let down was no DFK, just light kissing and very gentle tongue.

  Overall a fantastic time, must be one of the best punts I can remember.  Ariana is only here as a “backpacker” and will be leaving Cairns soon. She will probably visit again before she goes back to her Canadian homeland.  I have asked her to text me if she does!

Put properly and before a booking is confirmed/paid for I have a feeling (no more than that) DFK could be on the menu and make Ariana my idea of a “perfect punt”.


