Thread Title: Ash - Brisbane - Locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: brisboy82
Post Title: 
 Ash - Brisbane - Locanto
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ash

Establishment : Outcall to my place

Date of Visit : March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto (ad is gone now)

Hours of Business : Late

Rates : $300 p/h

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Slim, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes 

My experience/comments : So I sorta double booked myself with the BJ queen the other night but thought what the hell. I found this girl on Locanto advertising as looking for a couple of guys tonight as she was leaving tomorrow. Sent her a message and lined up a late time to catch up. Bit of banter over SMS, she is not a full time WL just seems to do it for some extra pocket money when she is in town. Anyway rolled around to 1am and I went and picked her up from where she was staying and brought her back to my place. Had a drink and a chat and then things got a little warmer. It was more fuck buddy/GFE session with kissing etc etc and she was lots of fun. Not a clock watcher at all and we had some good chats about things and then took her home after about 1.5/2 hours.

Sometimes playing the Locanto roulette can pay off and you can have a good time like I did. Seems there are more and more girls just putting casual ads up to make some extra pocket money when they are a little short. I think payforplay can attest to this as he has had some fun encounters as well.

All in all it was a good session and told her to let me know when she was in town next.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th March 2014, 08:57 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh yes I must say I have had mainly pretty good experience's with Locanto adds, most including Gemma have come from Locanto of late. I do agree alot are only simply in it for a month or so some even just 1 day many girls I have chatted to & got to know when I see them say its due to Uni fee's is a common factor, 1 only wanted 1 day doing it because she owed so much on rent & actually had her notice on hand to prove it, why i dont know. 

Most are ok with the sex for money though most never thought they would do it til well they needed money. Most are ok with the sex part or it but would never tell a soul about it. While they are not embarressed I do feel they simply dont want any one else knowing.

I do feel alot of girls do find it ok to sell there bodies for financial gain way more these days then even 5 years ago I also believe sites like Locanto make it so easy to sell themselves then ever before, you only need a phone these days to put a add up. With sex being so open now these days compared to when I was growing up its just easier to sell youself even for a day to earn money. 

I know talking with guys that been punting for years they say back in the day it was word of mouth with girls who sell themselves on a casual basis & unless you knew some one who had been with them then you would simply not be able to see these very casual girls. Hence the net makes it so easy to get a nice payday here & there.

But def agree Locanto can throw up some def gems.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th April 2014, 08:41 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She back in Brisbane ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th April 2014, 09:24 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto must be bigger in Bris than here (Sydney/Canberra). I keep an eye on it for such gems but only seems to be a small amount of ads, and all of them scams asking for email addresses and pics, or link to pay sites. So far I've found Cracker and the local paper to the best source of punting talent. If anyone knows anything better please share...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th April 2014, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fuzzynuts. I can confirm this from my time in brisbane and the gold coast it most definately feels like the girls there are making full use of it. 

Lots more girls posting ads and not all the WL types alot seem just like they want a bit of cash and fun.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th April 2014, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Fuzzynuts


Locanto must be bigger in Bris than here (Sydney/Canberra). I keep an eye on it for such gems but only seems to be a small amount of ads, and all of them scams asking for email addresses and pics, or link to pay sites. So far I've found Cracker and the local paper to the best source of punting talent. If anyone knows anything better please share..
"""



I have found the same thing. Maybe we need to move to Brissy Fuzzynuts? Lol


