Thread Title: Ash - Nerang, QLD - 0478 688 501
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th August 2016, 09:47 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Ash - Nerang, QLD - 0478 688 501
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ash (Reckon its fake) 

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 05/08/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]0478 688 501[/COLOR]

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $300 / 60 min

Age : 19

Size/shape : 10 / Pregnant

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : SORT OFF

My experience/comments : When i message this girl, never was it mentioned she was pregnant, had her number since last month, just could not organise a suitable time with her but she was fine, so genuine girl most certainly, finally organised a time with her, was last week, after chatting a while she mentions she wants to be fucked in front of her boyfriend, so obviously just some role play from her and her boyfriend / pimp....later I suspect, arrive in Nerang, its a shady suburb of the coast, dont think all glitter up here, the Coast is one massive housing slum....trust me...so pulled up, knock on the door, she is cute, no doubt about it, very infact with the classic pregnant body, and for me thats really hot......here is the kicker, i never knew she was pregnant at this stage, not since I been in contact for the past month, we have both cancelled for various reasons, never knew at all she was pregnant. She asked if it was ok, sure she was pretty and pregnant.

Handed over the $300...after a good talk and agreed 1 cum only but I can take my time and no rushing, and no interplay from her pimp...not that he seemed all to interested in proceedings but hey Im always up for new experiences and she was pregnant. So we both strip off, her so called boyfriend just sat and watched tele, started with the kissing, that was ok, while we played with each other, before she went down for some pretty standard blowjob work, she seemed disinterested, no variety at all, very little ball play, just standard cock sucking and the only real time it got interested was when i held her head and fucked her mouth, this was totally ok by her but after a while her cock sucking skills,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,or lack of them was very uninspiring, so asked her to lay on the lounge for me to eat her pussy, her pussy was nice looking, very sweet and tasted fine, but totally a lack of emotion from the girl, knew it was only a money thing for her, but continued for about 30 min sucking and fingering her pussy and at times she seemed to start to get into it but then she pulled right back. It was like she was apprehensive with another person just watching, for me meh eating pregnant teen pussy was hot. So with time ticking away and sex on the menu, we tried her just legs over the shoulder and this was hot, watching my cock glide into her pussy but again no emotion at all. Time was almost up so bent her over the lounge and fucked away til i blew. 

Overall: Not a great time, was ok she is cute and allowed the full hour, though I get the feeling they only want 15 min of fun with a pregnant teen girl but obviously they are not getting alot of takers. All in all I would not recommend unless its just to have a teen pregnant fantasy wish to come true. Back to the Bay this week so this is my wrap up of some girls I seen in my time in Brisbane the past week.

As Always YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2016, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks mate. Saw her ad a couple days ago and it peaked my interest. Probably give it a miss coz I did the pregnant hooker fantasy with Rachel from Southport already... although I'm yet to cross off the "other man watching" list item.  The pics on the ad definitely do it for me, especially the one with her flashing some puss. Here's some links for anyone interested

http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_9...-for-cash.html

http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_9...d-tonight.html


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th August 2016, 07:20 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I got a message last night well yesterday, she is selling herself and tried to get me over for a one on one session, when I said no as obviously she is a dead root & also am in the Bay she got a bit mouthy,,so be warned those with partners and non punting phone.

P4P


