Thread Title: Ashley - Townsville -  0435 875 872
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st December 2011, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: gddiddy
Post Title: 
 Ashley - Townsville -  0435 875 872
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ashley 0435 875 872 

Establishment: apartment

Date of Visit: 21/12/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: N/A

Hours of Business: 24/7

Rates: 250 half hour

Age: mid to late 20's

Size/shape:12 nice and curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: white Aussie

Services Provided: bbj gfe daty tongue kissing, deep massage (anal? - never asked but noticed her oiling up her arse and pussy)

Value for money/recommend?: very highly recommend 

My experience/comments:

I booked Ashley for a half hour and arrived on time to be pleasantly surprised. She has very nice features and a very curvy body. I showered and then sat on the bed waiting for her. She came in and jumped on me and gave me the biggest tongue kiss whilst squeezing my balls and cock. After a short blow job (I had to stop her as I am the original Victa two stroke) and then started to tongue her. She explained exactly what she wanted and seemed to really enjoy it but stopped me short of her cumming. She then mounted me and road away. I turned her over and mounted missionary style and then just simply exploded. She said "shit I hope you didn't blow that rubber off" and then just laughed as she took it off me. I wished I could have lasted longer to give her a doggy. I was amazed that after checking the time - I had actually been there 1hr and 15 mins. She said " I go with the flow - if I like it then you get extra time". I like this girls attitude and work ethic. See my posting on HarperRose/Avril on how clients should never be treated.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Got to love sex workers....this review 5 years ago says mid to late 80's...........she advertising today in Hervey Bay as 28 lol but have booked a hour session with her and another filly by the name of Alice. Will review and post both today 

P4P


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd May 2016, 07:43 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ash

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21/05/2016
 
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435 875 872

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $350 / 60 min

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : Busty perfect xxx

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes  / yes 

My experience/comments : 5 years on and the same phone number, same invigorating service as mentioned about, but most certainly not 28 lol early 30's but still a gorgeous girl in every aspect.  I booked for 8pm last night, arrived 15 min before hand to her motel and had a wonder around , was a nice night and her rates are subjective as well so please enquire & she mentioned at times they are steeper all depends how busy she is, if she is ultra busy she quotes higher rates...Not sure the point in all that..

Anyways look she is a very cute girl in her mid 30's. Not sure if she had any bookings after me but she was in no rush at all, sat me down & we chatted about the Bay, just moving here so we had something to chat about, she talked openly about working as a escort and the glamour as she calls it, travels around the SE Qld are it would seem only...the convo got away from us as it was a good 30 min before she asked for some fees so we could move onto the shower, a nice 15 min shower in this beautiful room, plenty of slow kissing and touching with some nice slow head with water rushing down her soft skin was beautiful indeed....before I returned the favour for a couple of minutes before she said I suppose we should be water wise and finish this fun on the bed...where I can spread out more for you babe..

Onto the bed for what seemed like for ever kissing, touching, teasing, playing, feeling, wanking, was really fun, before she motioned for some CBJ, and honestly could not notice a condom on as she worked my cock for all its worth, a solid & i mean a solid 30 min of cock sucking, slapping, ball licking, and touching, she knew how to bring me to the brink then just ease off, was not before i motioned for her to get on her back for some DATY">cunnilingus


