Thread Title: Aussie Cassidy - Brisbane  - 0422 363 725
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2016, 10:14 PM
Poster ID: bobbx
Post Title: 
 Aussie Cassidy - Brisbane  - 0422 363 725
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassidy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 05/01/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0422363725  Cassidy | | Escorts & Babes

Hours of Business : 2,3 days a week ,times differ from day to day.

Rates : 150/30

Age : 29

Size/shape : 10/nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : YES/YES but not 100%

My experience/comments:Making contact the day before.Because of her limited work days it;s hard to connect with her.It was a casual morning meeting 10 am.A bit aloof at the door.Attractive face,beautiful boobs and nice lateral body works/tatoos/not visible on her pics.A bit of a cold start-you walk out of the shower and she is waiting naked on the bed.Light kissing not DK.I started my own forplay giving her deep oral:her pussy was very clean and tasty.She did wake up to give nice cbj,and for my surprise jumped on top as a cowgirl.Really enjoying it,getting very,very wet ending with a climax.My turn in missionary,nice chat 5-10 min.Nice morning sexual adventure.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th June 2016, 08:49 AM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassidy

Establishment : Private - Kangaroo Point

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422363725 Cassidy | | Escorts & Babes

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $230 hr

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : 10, body a bit flabby 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : ok, but would not repeat

Comments:

I had my eye on Cassidy as part of my Brisbane trip. She was on Cracker, Escorts and Babes and I also read the previous comments here.

First off, I don't know Kangaroo Point at all. When the taxi took me to the apartment that she works from, I was not impressed. It wasn't dirty, but there were a lot of people hanging around. The cab driver said that the building has a reputation.

Cassidy opens the door, and looks completely different that what I imagined in her pics. Not as good as what I had hoped for, but not bad. She is Aussie, but had more of a Greek or middle eastern look about her, even though I don't think that is her background.

Very pleasant,we took care of business, and she proceeded to give me an ok cbj. She then got on top of me and rode me for a while as I sucked her nice natural tits. She seemed into the fucking, and it looked like she was trying to cum. I was encouraging her as she rode me to go harder, which she did. Switched to doggie, where I found her to be a bit flabby and not as well shaped as I usually like. Into missionary, and I was cumming in the dom in no time. Rested for a few minutes and she got me hard again for more of the same. Left a bit unsatisfied, as I was expecting more of a GND trying to pay the bills. Cassidy appeared to have the hustle down fairly well.

Would not return, but she was very pleasant and accomodating. On a positive note, there was no upsell, so you get all inclusive for $230/hr.


