Thread Title: Ava Grace - Yeronga - 0413 695 597
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2014, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Ava Grace - Yeronga - 0413 695 597
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ava Grace
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: July 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Ava Grace - Escort in Brisbane, Queensland | Australian Babe
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates:$300/hr ($700/2hrs)
Age: mid/late 30's
Size/shape: blonde, 5'10", size 8, b-cup, lean, long legs, average face
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian
Services Provided: Full Service, BJ
Value for money/recommend?: Yes
My experience/comments:

Ava is another one who has dropped her rates. from $450 to $300ph, but 2hrs is $700 for some strange reason.

Booking was easy, I arrived to her wearing a short colourful dress, well over 6ft in heels. She was a couple of glasses of wine ahead, and offered me one.  We sat on the couch with her putting her long legs over mine. We started kissing with the clothes coming off. she kissed down my body, then slowly poured the wine from her glass down my chest licking it up, then pouring wine onto my cock and licking it up. She took me deep in her mouth and I knew then she loved to suck cock. She spun round upside down into a 69 with me sitting upright on the couch using her bodyweight to go deeper on my cock as I licked away. We headed into the bedroom, Ava grabbing the rest of the bottle of wine to pour over each other. Fucking was very athletic with lots of strange positions showing her flexibility. 

Would recommend seeing Ava, she has a real oral fixation and at her new improved rates definitely VFM.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 10:59 PM
Poster ID: mike numbers
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I also had the pleasure of seeing Ava Grace! This was during her Melbourne tour last year.

Person's Name: Ava Grace
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: November 2013
Contact Details/Address/Weblink:
Hours of Business: 
Rates:$450hr
Age: 30s
Size/shape: 
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian
Services Provided: hand relief, affection etc.. (note this was at a time i was not doing FS)
Value for money/recommend?: Absolutely!!

I had been chatting to Ava a fair bit on twitter. When chatting to her she would often cyber tickle me, not just a simple *tickle* but would be very descriptive as to where and how she was tickling me. As you can imagine this was getting me a bit excited! On top of this she told me how much she loved cuddles and affection, and would often give me a lot of cyber affection. She did tell me she was coming down to Melbourne this week. Sadly I had planned to see a WL that weekend. Low behold, that WL told me she was getting stressed with her exams and would prefer to see me after her exams were over, so we postphoned, which led me to booking Ava. We settled on a date and time and she arrived. 

As soon as she got in the door we snuggled tightly and kissed. We then moved to the bedroom where we lay down and cuddled and stripped down to our underwear. I noticed her cuddles were nice and tight. While cuddling me she snuck in a few kisses, pecks at first which led to intense brief passionate kisses. After a bit of kissing she started tickling me with me being face down. I was giggling heaps and she was loving it. She had manicured nails which was very effective. Eventually I removed my pants and she tickled my genitals also. At one point she tickled my feet which felt nice as sometimes it can hurt but other times it can feel nice. I also rolled over on my stomach and she straddled me and tickled my back and also my bottom/genitals which tickled like crazy which she loved. It was that brushing type thing like they do in RNT type sessions but she also tickled around my butt crack and legs too as well as the upper body. She also licked around my neck etc which tickled. Then I rolled back over and she continued tickling me and we kissed and cuddled. She had a lot of fun tickling me, especially as at one point I tried to tickle her and she wasn't ticklish at all, yet every time she tickled me i burst out laughing, and she found all my ticklish spots, she also liked how each spot got a different reaction. 

Next came some of the most amazing cuddles I have ever experienced. I asked about naked cuddles and she smiled and took off her bikini top and bottom, We cuddled tightly, and what felt amazing was not that she was naked, but was that I rested my head in her shoulder while she cradled me, almost holding me pretty much and stroking my hair. She snuck in a few tickles from time to time but the focus was on cuddles. This lasted for some time and it felt amazing. She also rubbed my back with her hands like in a massage way which felt really nice, and gave me lots of passionate kisses. After that went on for a while it was back to tickles where she straddled me, and also played with my feet and tickled down there. She then straddled my arms to pin me down and tickle me. She also licked me up and down my sides and legs too and nipples. We also tried cuddle tickles where she used her cuddles to trap me and tickle me which I loved. Then we tried some really involved kisses where she gave me really passionate kisses and used her tongue to lick around my mouth and give some dfk as well, and then snuck in tickles too to make me giggle. I loved all her tickles. Soon came the hand relief and it was nice and slow and sensual, with a lot of genital tickling as well. Once I came we cuddled for a bit in each others arms and kissed, and then she left.

Overall this session was amazing, her cuddles felt so warm, and I loved her tickles too as she got me giggling. She is really affectionate which is a big plus in my book and seems to love tickling!


