Thread Title: Avril - Labrador - 0487 913 114
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st January 2014, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Avril - Labrador - 0487 913 114
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Avril

Establishment : Private Unit in Labrador

Date of Visit : 15 January 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0487 913 114, Gold Coast Escorts Avril escort

Hours of Business : 8am - late

Rates : 250 / hour

Age : claims 36 but could well be 46, was tempted to walk as the age gap is quite large and not too big a fan of the lying hooker.

Size/shape : Size 10, massive fakies, fairly toned, quite tall, nice smile

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS, MSOG, CBJ, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Overall yes / maybe each to their own I think on

My experience/comments : 

Having not had a FS punt for a while, I decided to try an ad in the mail that I had seen all to constantly and finally curiosity got the better of me. With some really nice body shots on Gold Coast Escorts I figured I may as well give it a go. 

With a few texts back and forth during my work day, a 7pm appointment was arranged with Avril asking me to text her for the unit number once arriving. Avril sounded quite youthful on the phone so I decided to go ahead with the punt. 

I am going to preface this next part by saying, overall, I had a very enjoyable punt. Having been given the unit number and scaling the appartment complex I arrived to be greeted by Avril in a Blue micro bikini and Sarong revealing a very small g-string with a toned ass. The only thing lacking was the face which definitely showed her tree age of somewhere in her 40's could even be mid 40's i think. Now I won't dwell on this but having friends that are older me and working in a business with people of all ages, I'm not stupid when trying to determine one's age and when it comes to a hooker I give them a chance to clarify their real age as I've been known to walk away on occassion. 

That aside, money was handed over and Avril started with a bit of a booby slide on my back and soon we were dfk'ing before some mediocre CBJ. Thankfully this was where the mediocre part had ended and the enjoyable started with Avril suffocating my cock with her pussy lips in cowgirl before turning into some reverse cowgirl which was pretty nice bar a little bid of the odd yet all too common fanny batter smell, but it wasnn't suffocating. 

With me finishing exploding with her on her back in mish, another two rounds were had and I must say she does get into it even if she is a bit older than the younger more youthful girls.

We finished off with Avril telling me about her time in the industry in which it is all too clear her age is not 36. She is fairly well spoken for a working girl and I think the older gent might enjoy her even more than I did. 

Unfortunately, at 250 a pop, I won't be back overly soon as I'm still discovering all the other fishies in the gc sea. 

Also, please note, she doesn't see anyone under 25 unless you sound really mature and lie about your age (karma's a funny thing). 

Enjoy boys


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st January 2014, 06:04 PM
Poster ID: Qwerty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers wing, how was her face? despite her age (mid 40) is she still alright looking?

Damn those photos make her look good lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st January 2014, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Qwert, she has a cracker body, and her face is nice but its not as firm as a 36 year old's face would be.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 01:36 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review mate. Interestingly Avril was also on my short list when I saw Claudia Jade. She does get some good reviews, but most suggest that she's a tad older than 36 as you've concluded.


