Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st August 2015, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 AWESOME Busty Hottie TASHA/YOKO/SUMMER - Bodyslides in  Springwood QLD 24 - 0421 239 422
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Title says Tasha, Text says Yoko, Second Ad says Summer

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 30.7.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ? ? ? ?? ? ? ? AWESOME Busty hottie TASHA - Body Slides in springwood? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com
??? VIP ??? MISS RUSSIA./chinese Kinky show girl FENCH COB BBBJ 0432 219 375 - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Call and ask

Rates :
1st Ad
$140 for half hour
$180 for 45 mins
$220 for an hour

2nd Ad
$130/hf
$160/45mins
$180/hour

Age : add says 24 but prob mid 30's

Size/shape : tall, long hair, c cup, size 8? good legs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Second ad says Russian/ Chinese  but i reckon Japanese

Services Provided : massage, soft GF kissing, cuddling, CBJ,  prostrate massage, ball licking, 69, DATY, FS, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I called and booked for a half hour over lunch. Working from Springwood Motor Inn, the room number came via a second mobile number once i had arrived, all very easy to organise. I parked right in where the rooms are as all street and front carparks were taken. Tasha was hiding behind the door as it opened and was all smiles once she saw me, she's 10 years older than the ad and greeted me in a sexy black lacy bra and panties with prominent boobs, long torso and legs. Conversation was a little reserved so i took the initiative and paid the money up front, which she was suprised with and happy and pleased to accept $130.

I stripped down and sat on the bed before she had pursed the cash, and she seemed surprised, i hadn't really said what i wanted and she mumbled ohh or something and whipped off her bra and panties, grabbed a couple of condoms and bent over towards me rubbing my legs to get come contact and mood happening then lent in and started some soft succulent kissing, almost light french but more wet lip sucking very much japanese in style, which went for some time as my hands roamed and found a hairy pussy with outty lips and a small clit. 

Now this bit gets a bit blurry, but she did some excellent ball licking and sucking, quite slowly which she seemed to enjoy and had me groaning and she moved further down so i grabbed my butt cheek and opened a little and she moved in with the tongue and before i know she has a finger in there (covered by a condom i later found out) giving me a prostrate massage and a covered blow job at the same time. Now Prostrate massage isn't really my thing but she combined it so well with CBJ that i let her go and she got very vigorous and was sucking on that red condom very hard. Seemed like she was trying to get me to blow then and there so i asked her to 69 as i love pussy and it stopped the prostrate work. 

The photo of her doggy is exactly what it looks like and she tasted good. She is quite tight with one finger in her pussy, my mouth on her clit and other fingers pushing against her butt hole which she was fine about till a finger almost went in and she jumped a little sideways. So i went back to some long pussy licks. She turns her head and says "you wanna Fuck?" which was a bloody yes, and she says  "you can fuck me!" We spin around and i am between her legs looking her a lightly haired wet pussy with some cute protruding lips so i go down for some DATY, which surprised her but it was too good to go past  anyway i slide up and she grabs my cock and pushes me into her pussy, some more kissing, and rampant humping, and moaning, i get to move her legs around a bit to get in deeper and we both finish in mish. Must say it did feel kind of familiar being back at the motor in at midday with the bed head banging into the wall  We finish the session with a bit of a back massage which was quite good technique

She gave me a genuine hug goodbye and i wished her a busy day, i was her first, and she showed me to the door wrapped in a towel and i was out on the half hour. i would go back and i reckon it would get better.


