Thread Title: Barbie - Kangaroo Point (Qld) - 0478 162 852
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2013, 10:26 AM
Poster ID: laser1
Post Title: 
 Barbie - Kangaroo Point (Qld) - 0478 162 852
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Barbie

Establishment : Private escort at her place (Kangaroo Point)

Date of Visit : 13/5/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Mob:0478162852, Web:[COLOR=#5A5A5A]Back page - Barbie

[/COLOR]Photos Authenticity: Not real

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $200 an hour

Age : 36 - 40

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, HJ, FS, 

Nationality (Leave blank if Australian): Korea, South 

Knowledge of English: Poor 

Hair Colour: Black 

Hair Length: Long 

Eyes Colour: Brown 

Skin Colour: Olive 

Height: Tall - Above 170 cm / 5'7" 

Body Shape: Slim 

Estimated Body Size: 8 to 10 

Estimated Breast Size: AA to B (Small to Average)

Value for money/recommend? : Money wasted

My experience/comments :

I found Barbie on 'Back page' Brisbane. Probably a bad start to begin with. It was only my second punt and my first full service. It was quite easy to make an appointment, and now I know why.

She opened the door and then I realised it was not going to be good. She advertises herself as a 21 Korean girl. couldn't be further from the truth. Very plain almost too skinny late 30's early 40's asian woman. almost no english and a very cold experiences.

Financials out of the way, Shower, Straight into a CBJ for a long time very poor technique, onto sex. As soon as I started penetration she appeared to be in pain. That sort of killed the moment. I tried a few different positions to see if it would be less painful for her, But no dice. Then she spent about 20 mins trying to pull me off, but no joy. I just wanted to get out of there.

Don't bother Gentlemen, Fake profile, dud root!! Money down the drain.

Thanks Laser1


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2013, 11:38 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review laser1.

Did this experience happen in May ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th November 2013, 11:39 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's Barbies back page ad, 

"
Report AdNew 21 yo Korean girl just arrived in Brisbane. - 21
Posted: Thursday, 1 August 2013, 1:13 PM

Hi there, I am Barbie and welcome to my page where you will see all of my independent escort Brisbane services. I am an Asian lady that takes extremely good care of myself and spend a lot of my time making myself look and feel great when I am not working. If you want to have some fun tonight or want an Asian escort that will make you feel on top of the world then I am the lady for you and we can enjoy the city of Brisbane like never before.


I have been working in the industry as an Asian escort for a while now and have learnt a lot along the way in particular how to make a man very happy when we spend time together. Whether we are on a dinner date or a one hour incall I know all the tricks to make it special in whichever way you want to. I like to offer my independent escort companionship at an affordable rate and give the customer as much value for money as I possibly can in order to boost our time together.

Currently I am 21 years of age and live life to the full as much as possible. I enjoy many different things when I am with a gentleman including dinner dates or a night on the town and make the most of them all. I am an extremely vibrant busty Brisbane escort and I love to meet new people all the time and enjoy their company. You can find me in Brisbane city area where I have a beautiful apartment where we can have a cute and romantic night in.


When you want to have a great time together don’t hesitate to give me a call and get things moving. As an I will always do my very best to ensure I can be available for when you would like to spend time with me and will pay attention to all your requirements and answer any questions you may have regarding our time together. Also you can contact me through the booking form but if you would like an urgent response I advise you give me a call.

If you want tonight to be filled with passion and companionship then get in contact with me and I will be your perfect busty brisbane escort tonight. As an Asian escort brisbane I have gathered a reputation for being one of the best providers of pleasure and companionship and would certainly love to prove this to you. I can’t wait to hear from you.

About my prices

INCALL:

short time 110
30mins 130
60mins 200

why don't you call me to make an appointment now or you can text me a message if you like. hope to see you soon baby.

oh, btw. my photos are real me. lol

contact me :0478162852
Poster's age: 21

• Location: Brisbane, kangaroo point, brisbane

• User first posted June 2013

• Post ID: 3688008 brisbane"


