Thread Title: Belinda - Brisbane CBD - 0412 182 860
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th March 2018, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: 
 Belinda - Brisbane CBD - 0412 182 860
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Belinda

Establishment : Brisbane CBD

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412182860 / https://www.escortwiz.com/phone/0412182860


Hours of Business :

Rates : $250/Hour

Age : looked like she was 25-30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :

Hi Punters,



Belinda is from down south and this is her first time to Brisbane and I'm glad I managed to set up a booking with her.



She is staying at a 'proper' hotel which was a bit hard to find because it is actually not in google map. Anyway, after the navigation issue I arrived at her door with abated breath and let out a big huge sigh of relief after the door opened. She is stunning. The type that you can just sit there for hours and admire. Even better was the fact that I can run my hands all over her hot and hard body. Yes, she works out. A fair bit by the looks of it to get a bod like that.



After the financial and 'mandatory' show things slowly began to heat up as I started my exploration of her body. Inch by inch, I navigated from the peaks of her hard nipple to the valleys of her lower back arch and over the dunes of her tone ass.



She responded to my kisses but not passionately like her had would have led you to believe. It is more akin to kissing a friend then a lover. She was happy for me to take the lead and i'm glad that was the case otherwise I would have blown my load sooner than I would have liked.



We did the usual position and she is a very fun girl with an open mind. She allows trips to Greece for an extra $100 (very well spent in my opinion). She does however insist on changing doms between switching holes but that is understandable.



Overall it was a great punt, one thing that was a bit of a let down was about half way through our session, she excused herself to use have a 'shower'. Not sure if it was shower as I wasn't standing over the door to check, all I heard was the shower running. She was gone for over 10min and took a little while to get things heated up again.



Fortunately I did rise to the occasion and did the deed. She followed the session with a REALLY GOOD massage. Much better than other RnT places that I've visited.



She said she'll be back to Brissy and will text me. Until then...I better start saving $$$.



Cheers



CG


