Thread Title: Bella - Surfers Paradise - 0426490716
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th October 2017, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Bella - Surfers Paradise - 0426490716
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Private, serviced apartment in Surfers near Northcliff tram stop

Date of Visit : 23/8/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 490 716
wow wow == ? discount ? HOT SEX ? last days in GC ? == wow wow - Gold Coast escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Text her to check availability, my booking 11am

Rates : $100/30min, $180/hr (my booking)

Age : I reckon mid 30's, not 24 in ad

Size/shape : plump size 10 I guess, large D tits with large nipples, neat stubbly hair pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, BBBJ (extra $20)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / No, not for me

My experience/comments : 

Had some business in Broadbeach and found Bella in BP. Text booking earlier in the morning was simple and she gave me her building name/location. When I arrived she gave me her floor/room number.

Was greeted at door by bella dressed in lingerie, no panties, and not surprising to me she didn't appear like her ad pics but her tits did look similar size/shape. She made me a coffee while I showered but she declined (she claimed already showered) when I asked if we could shower together, not a good start I thought. I played with her body and tits while we stood having a coffee then moved to the bed there she removed her lingerie.

I was face down on the bed and she gave me a basically lame massage over my back and down to my bum, more like a sweep of her fingers over me skin. I tried to run my hands over and between her legs but she moved out of my range. I turned over and she laid down so I gave her a light massage and licked her tits and nipples while she worked on stroking my cock. She felt my cock stiffening so she organised a condom and offered BBBJ for an extra 20 which I agreed. I suggested we go 69 while she sucked my cock so I could lick her pussy but she declined. Her sucking technique was good though, and I blew my load partially into her mouth much to her surprise so she rushed off to spit and mouth wash. Bella then continued the massage on my front while I played with her tits but didn't allow my roving hands between her legs to her pussy. Soon I was hard again so she slipped on a condom and sucked a second load out of me. I didn't feel relaxed or comfortable with Bella's stand-offish demeaner so I didn't get hard enough to fuck her but at least my balls were drained.

After a shower I was dressed and on my way. Given Bella's cheap prices, I thought, I didn't have high expectations about her services and so I didn't leave disappointed (my sack was emptied) but certainly was no GFE as her ad claimed. Maybe for others she may prove to be a better punt.


