Thread Title: Bella - Springwood - 0478 085 334
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th March 2016, 04:42 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Bella - Springwood - 0478 085 334
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kikimi / Bella / Jessica

Establishment : Private Motel

Date of Visit : 11.3.16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Bella the SEXY New in Springwood~ Face pic provided SO SEXY so pretty ~ Its me or its FREE - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au
?? Suspenders and Stocking heels Play 100% my photos or its FREE HOT face E cup~ cum Play Naughty - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au
?????Guarantee NEW E Cup BUST model VERY HORNY NOW ??? Prostate Massage + Spanish SW - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au 
???0478 085 334 Make Advanced bookings by SMS Springwood ???? busty photos is me or its FREE - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au
? Extra Good Service~ Extra Hot pretty ~ BUSTY Finally Petite Slim SmOOOOOOth body ? shower 2gether - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au
http://brisbane.cracker.com.au/Femal...00-new/9671427

Hours of Buisness: till 2am

Rates : 130/30   200/60

Age : Add says 19 but mid 30's

Size/shape : short, super soft skin, BIG boobs, long hair, mature and shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Foot play, GFE, CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :
Easy to book by text. i had worked out that Kikimi had a number of adds and names but the same phone number, all of which looked like the same girl so curiosity got the better of me.And i am glad it did.

She greeted me at the door in a sexy white outfit but it was her face and smile that i saw. She genuinely offered for me to stay for and hour and i said yes before i knew it, but only had the cash for 30min... so I'm not sure what happened there?! She offered the shower or wanted me to at least to wash my hands. Took a quick shower to freshen up and she checked herself in the mirror and took a pee while i washed. She has a nice energy.

Onto the bed and she cuddled in close and we chatted a little as she worked out how much taller i was, and her nimble feet stroked and worked my cock. Bella speaks english, and we chatted and laughed a bit and we almost kissed (maybe with the full hour?), she rolls over me and rubs her big boobs and nipples over my throbbing cock and allows some gentle touching of her nipples, with the start of some spanish  then she goes "i want to give you a blow job" so on with the dom and it was pretty good, she likes to suck slow and tease, good pressure and some ball play had me groaning but i dont really like covered so i asked to lick her. A little spikey on top  but the pussy was plump and juicy and she really let me get in there with tongue nose and lips but no finger inside. Into some cowgirl, she's quite an attractive woman, then politely asks if i want to be on top of her or some doggy. Went for a good session of juicy doggy and finished holding onto some slim hips.

A genuine friendly time where my comfort was important. I will return for an hour as that half hour just slipped away. masterj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th March 2016, 07:25 AM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Amazing. Looks like something I'll have to sample next time I'm in QLD.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th March 2016, 11:37 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah Gentlescream, its the first time i've had a half hour session and wished i had the cash for the full hour. I reckon with the photos of her toys and the possibility of some french kissing an hour would be interesting. The link where she is in a green bikini is probably the most accurate of her age and shape.


