Thread Title: Bella - Camp Hill - Locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th August 2013, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: ozozoz
Post Title: 
 Bella - Camp Hill - Locanto
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Bella

Establishment: private in East Brisbane, Qld

Date of Visit:7/8/13 for 1hr but went longer :-)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Locanto (Sexy lady offering hot massage with sweet relief TODAY, Camp hill) - bellah281@gmail.com

Hours of Business: sporadic - depending on availability

Rates:$250

Age: 27

Size/shape:14 with very small B(?) cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian/Spanish

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Value for money unrushed

My experience/comments:

I have lately been looking through Locanto for some new experiences and recently I found Bella's ad. Bella is a nurse and only has one client on the days she works. She doesn't see herself as a wl but as a masseuse who offers a variety of finishes - one of which is FS.

Whilst not attractive per se, I think Bella is interesting looking. She has an unusual shape with large legs and a huge arse but only b-cup tits. However, what she lacks in looks she makes up for in effort, attitude and personality.

I'm not sure about this visit and I'm not sure about recommending Bella and nor am I sure whether I'd return. Stepping over the kids tricycles, doing it on the family double bed, not being able to use the shower to clean up afterwards could all be seen as unpardonable negatives. But somehow I enjoyed the honesty of it all.

For those wanting more detail, Bella began with warmed oil (a lot of it) and gave me a substandard massage which turned into an above standard body slide and some intense sex finishing with a great DT bj.

The shower would have come in handy because the oil and the ... you get the idea.

Bella made sure I was satisfied and we had a fun time together. Whilst it doesn't help, all I can say is go with an open mind and the intention of enjoying yourself with an average looking suburban mother and you'll leave satisfied - if a little perplexed.

All in all YMMV.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th August 2013, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy of Locanto ad,





			
				Hi there xx

If you are looking for a truly sexy, sensual, naked, warm oil massage with a hot body slide (back, then front) and a very satisfyingly happy ending, then you are looking in the right place. 

I am a 28yr old, white/Caucasian female with long blonde/light brown hair and smooth, soft, olive toned skin. I am sweet and sexy, flirty and fun, classy, well spoken and educated and I can make the most shy of people feel comfortable and at ease. I am intimate, warm and I offer a uniquely interactive service, where kissing and intimacy (if wanted, of course!) all come as part if my service, and are not considered or charged as an 'extra'. 

When-
**TODAY**
I am free today, now until 2pm and I will be taking one incall, for the first suitable person to make and confirm their booking. 

My service-
I offer an excellent full service, which is a sexy, sensual, naked massage, a hot body slide and a very happy and hot ending of either a hj, bj or sex. The choice is all yours!

Prices-
1/2hr- $150
3/4hr- $200
1hr- $250
1 1/2hrs- $350
2 hrs - $450 

Message me here to make a booking, as I said, the first suitable enquiry will be my only booking for today. 

Please, only genuine enquiries, and no picture collectors or swappers thank you. I am here to offer a great service, not to collect or swap pictures. However, for genuine enquiries, I am happy to email a picture of myself for you. 

Take a dive! 

I look forward to playing with you

xx


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th August 2013, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by fartichoke


Copy of Locanto ad,

"Hi there xx
.
.
Message me here to make a booking, as I said, the first suitable enquiry will be my only booking for today
"""
 


As ozozoz's review makes clear, slightly unusual.


