Thread Title: Bella Hart - East Brisbane - 0413 959 955
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2015, 03:09 AM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Bella Hart - East Brisbane - 0413 959 955
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bella Hart
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: Jan 2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: bellahartescort.com 
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates: $500/hr normally, has $400/hr offer for advance bookings see website
Age: early 20's
Size/shape: brunette, 5'5", size 10, d-cup
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian
Services Provided: Full Service, BJ, Anal
Value for money/recommend?: Yes
My experience/comments: 

Booking was easy but she's a bit slow on email, so maybe try SMS. 

Bella answered the door in black lingerie and heels, pretty face and athletic but curvy body which was nice. Right inside the door she aggressively kissed me unzipping my pants, said she was in the mood to be fucked hard and I shouldn't expect a cuddle after, then squatted down and started to suck on my cock. I think that was the second quickest time from opening door to bj behind Annalisa James.

Her BJ is deep and wet, looking up with big eyes as she goes all the way to the base. We move further into her place kissing and stripping and ending up in the bedroom. She pushed me back on the bed, then climbed on top pulling her panties to the side to slide her cock in her tight pussy. After a while we flipped over with me on top, when i came she wanted it all over her tits. No cuddling, instead I was instructed to eat her out. she responded very nicely, finishing with a little squirt.

We jumped in the shower together, with her sliding her soapy body over mine. I went down on her again, with her starting to finger her arse, I took over. Back hard again we went back to the bed, she bent over spreading her arse with a bit of a struggle we eventually got it in. She slid a dildo in her pussy and it wasn't too long before her tight ring and the vibrations from the dildo had me filling the condom inside her.

I would recommend Bella. Genuinely horny young very attractive girl who knows how to fuck. And at her cheaper rates for being organised she's excellent value for what she offers.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th May 2015, 12:22 AM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It looks like Bella is going to be slipping back under the radar from the middle of next month, so if you've been interested get in now to get on her client list.


