Thread Title: Bella - Gladstone - 0423 406 661
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th October 2018, 11:57 PM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: 
 Bella - Gladstone - 0423 406 661
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15/10/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://gladstone.locanto.com.au/ID_...-pleasure.html

Phone : 0423 406 661

Hours of Business : Nighttime

Rates : $110 h/h standard / $130 GFE (more intimate, apparently)

Age : 39

Size/shape : Thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES/YES

My experience/comments : 

Fishing for some talent in Gladstone and found the pool quite sparse, so texted this girl and a few others from Locanto. She was the first to get back to me, and after a bit of back and forth, we agreed on a $110 h/h visit and I drove out to her apartment in south Gladstone. Be warned it's fairly residential and quiet, but she gives good instructions and will text to help you find it when you get there.

On opening the door, I saw a fairly thin but pretty girl, pretty much exactly as per the pictures on Locanto (especially the later ones with glasses on). She has a few miles on her and gives off a sort of goth vibe, but seemed friendly enough and was exactly the girl promised, so in I went. After a quick shower (she insisted even though I'd had one before I left), we went into the bedroom and she took off her robe to show some nice lingerie and some great patterned stockings which I really enjoyed!

We then dove into the fun part, and there was little foreplay and she went straight for some rubbing and then some sucking. I thought it might be fairly cookie cutter until she sat up and took off her bra, and when she offered me her nipple and moaned when I sucked on it, I knew I was in for something special. She quickly took off her panties and I rubbed her pussy, and she moaned as I did it, and even more when I leaned down and gave her my tongue. She seemed to get totally lost and nodded vigorously when I asked to fuck her, and then moaned when I went back to licking. By far the best part was when she asked me to "come back up here" and let me fuck her until we both came together as the bed head banged on the wall.

She quickly jumped up and got dressed, and I jumped back in the shower and then dressed as well, and she showed me out the door, but still with a smile on her face. On the way back to my hotel I considered it and came to the conclusion that it was the most authentic fuck I've ever had with a W/L. Once we got into it, it could have been a one night stand with a girl I met, she went from W/L to excited bedmate very quickly. Can't guarentee she'll be like this for everyone, but I can tell you that you should treat her right and see how you go.

As long as you're happy with the pictures, I don't think you can go far wrong with this fuck. An amazing girl and a lot of fun, and if and when I come back to Gladstone, I'll definitely be looking her up. Highly recommended!


