Thread Title: Belladonna - Brisbane - 0458 859 999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2014, 12:51 PM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: 
 Belladonna - Brisbane - 0458 859 999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : BellaDonna

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : Late September 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : OutCalls Full Service - home

Hours of Business : Check with her - evenings

Rates : $300 hour

Age : 41

Size/shape : Tall, slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : European - Polish & Italian I think

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ with CIM and S, Prostate massage, toys, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but with care

My experience/comments : 

One night in Brisbane waiting for an international connection - what's a Toad to do?  Oh yes - explore some warm and willing flesh.  Pursuing my preference for more mature ladies lead me to Bella's website and Toad's Tool expressed strong interest.  Could not find any reviews on here, but there were some on Punter Planet - some not entirely positive but some quite encouraging.  Decided to turn on the charm and see what happens.

Bella has a day job so only works evenings (don't know about the weekend).  Booked a day or two in advance for a 10pm start and reconfirmed on arrival in Brisbane that evening, giving her motel details.  Dinner done and settled in the room, Bella texted 20 minutes before scheduled start to say she was waiting outside if I wanted to start early.  Gave a green light and minutes later she is at the door, complete with suitcase.

Now here is a feature of Bella.  Her photos on her web site are real and recent.  That's good.  She comes to your door looking exactly like the pics - right down to wearing the same type of gear and massively high shoes.  Now at one level that's hot.  At another level - anybody seeing her knocking on the door will know exactly why she's there.

So she's in the room and as cool as a cucumber.  It's pretty clear from her body language that this girl works to a script and likes to be in control. OK - we go with the flow.  A drink and a chat on the couch are followed by an invitation to relax while she changes.  That suitcase has all the fun gear a ....... girl could ever need and shortly Bella emerges clad in a lacy black top, black suspenders and stockings - all this against an alabaster complexion and peroxide blond hair is stunning.  

The fun begins - Bella conducts a cursory inspection of Toad's Tool and pronounces him fit for consumption and proceeds to swallow him whole.  With only a word of encouragement, she swings a leg over me and gracefully delivers her pussy right where it can be accessed by Toad's Tongue.  Now here's a surprise - what had looked in low light to be a bare pussy was actually covered with a fine muff of very neatly trimmed and soft pubes.  No problem - in fact they were so tidy it perhaps enhanced the experience.  Moments later, we two were vigorously eating each other's parts and my how nice hers tasted.  No doubt this girl was clean and well prepared - so much so that Toad's Tongue was unable to resist exploring her rosebud as well - and what a rewarding experience that was too - no doubt - she loved it.

Not wanting to blow the lot there and then, A brief rest break was called and preparations made for stage two - fucking her other two holes.  She expertly loaded Toad's Tool into a dom and gave herself a liberal coating of lube before adopting the hands and knees at the edge of the bed position for some vigorous rumpety.  Her pussy was a delight - tight and muscular - she's been practicing her grip methinks.  And while she seemed to be enjoying having her love tunnel ploughed, the mind was thinking about the next bit.  Any girl who puts up her love of anal prominently on her website probably likes cock in the ass and with no further ado, Toad's Tool was despatched on a seek and engage mission.  Given the position it was easy to find and clearly it was well trained, for moments later Toad's Tool was buried to the hilt in one of the nicest back doors we have ever plumbed.  Bella's reaction to this invasion was extremely positive with powerful pushback and moans of pleasure.  Thus encouraged, we rapidly built up a heady pace of thrusting, leading to at least two shuddering climaxes for Bella.  

Toad's Tool was on best behaviour that night.  While sorely tempted to fill the rubber inside Bella's Bowel, there was another possibility and a strategic withdrawal was staged.  Promptly Bella removed the dom and grabbed a flannel to give Toad's Tool a refreshing tidy up.  Then with Toad reclined in anticipation, Bella donned a latex glove and positioned herself to swallow Toad's Tool while poking her index finger where the sun doesn't shine.  Powerful sucking and gentle poking combined to make Toad feel like the day was perfect, and in a few short minutes, the dam was fit to burst.  Bella had fair warning but displayed no interest in avoiding the flood, and with her finger rammed well up the date working on that magic gland, Toad's Tool gushed forth multiple bursts of hot white cream right into her still sucking mouth.  Like the perfect neat slut she is, Bella didn't spill a drop and duly downed it in one smiling gulp.

And that was the end of the fun.  Bella was straight away into departure mode - changing her clothes again, cleaning herself, contacting her driver and heading out the door.  Toad was left to sleep the sleep of those who have just unloaded a great burden - which was sort of the reality.

My time with Bella was excellent, but it may have gone down the tubes easily if I had not read her body language.  As I said at the start, this girl likes to be in control and has a routine.  The good side is that her routine is very enjoyable if you are prepared to give her the freedom and don't try to impose your agenda.  My one carefully executed attempt at the start to guide her to the bed instead of the chair made that very clear.

Perhaps there are other girls in Brisbane who will deliver a great accommodating service where the punter can completely control the plan, but for those who can relax and be taken on a journey, Bella is good value.  That said, my next visit is likely to involve seeking a more submissive girl - just because variety is the spice of life!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th October 2014, 04:41 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Superb review Toad... love your work!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th May 2015, 11:08 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
See post below - accidentally posted twice


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th May 2015, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BellaDonna 

19/5/2015

1 hour - $300

Services: DATY (pussy and anus), HJ & FS incl. anal

Description 41 - Italian background. Quite talk with big heeled boots, fair skin B/C boobs with largish pink aerola and small nipples, slim, shaved below with quite nice protruding pussy lips and pubic hair above 

Arrived dressed in a very short dress, pantyhose with a white beret (doesn't come across as discrete passing reception) with a carry on sized bag (full no doubt with goodies to dress up in

Started with a nice chat about my job, why here (Business trip) and some of her background. Cordial with no sexual undertones. 

10-15 minutes in we eventually got to what I would like her to dress in - sexy lingerie please

BellaDonna then left to (un)dress and came back in stilettos, black mesh stockings and a see through teddy with inbuilt black bra. 

On to the bed where she gave my cock a wonderful lubed wank to get me nice and hard as I licked her pussy and anus. So long since I have enjoyed same I didn't realize I didn't even get a BJ when asking for a fuck. Dommed and got on cowgirl. I was really enjoying it however my cock wasn't co-operating and went soft (my bad not hers) 

Dom off and we had some mutual masturbation until hard again when we redommed and fucked vigorously doggie. Whilst enjoying same I could see her anus and asked if I could fuck her anally - yes - so popped into a very nice tight arse and frankly pounded hard to a satisfying completion. Looked at the clock and found she had been with me 50 minutes so no time for any seconds (not that I think I was up to it!!)

My learned colleague Toad noted above that BellaDonna does control the session and I can confirm this true. I was however in the mood to go with the flow and found the session overall good and got what I wanted and paid for.


