Thread Title: Bella Decan - Fortitude Valley - 0424 470 760
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th March 2015, 01:55 AM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Bella Decan - Fortitude Valley - 0424 470 760
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bella Decan

Establishment: private

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Bella | Brisbane, Gold Coast | Escorts & Babes

Hours of Business: Days / Evening (limited hours)

Rates: $400/hr FS (also does RNT $250/hr)

Age: early 20's

Size/shape: blonde, 5'3", size 8, a-cup, typical cute little blonde

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: 

Bella was difficult to get hold of, and has limited hours. Once I got hold of her it was easy to arrange a booking. She's in the Valley, parking is a bit difficult where she is, so allow time or the City Glider stop is right outside if you're coming from the city.

She welcomed me in a dinner dress and strappy heels, hair pulled into a tight ponytail. She looks stunning, 6 inches taller and she could be a model. Very passionate kissing, an offer of a drink from a well stocked bar, and onto some kissing and foreplay on the couch. The dress came off, she has a nice slim body but she was a bit shy about it. We kissed for quite a while before we headed to the shower together.

she soaped me up completely sliding her body up and down mine, rinsed me off, then it was into the bedroom. She put her heels back on, grabbed a condom, knelt in front of me and gave me a better than average CBJ. Technique could improve but the effort was there, plenty of depth. Sitting on the edge of the bed she went from the CBJ to climbing on in cowgirl, she was tight and took her time to get comfortable before getting into it. She prefered me on top, so missionary, doggy, and a few variations. When it was time to cum she knelt in front of me to cum on her tits. Back to more kissing and cuddling before another CBJ.

Bella was pretty good. Not the best fuck, but taking everything into account she was worth it. Very attractive, tight little body, lots of fun. I felt she was holding back a bit, maybe she wasn't quite comfortable with me or just a general thing, I just felt she wanted to be a bit kinkier but stopped herself. A second visit might have a more adventurous outcome.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th March 2015, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: sg8888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jesus, sounds like I might have to give her a try tonight.


