Thread Title: Belle - Brisbane - 0410 394 764
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st December 2010, 02:40 PM
Poster ID: howgood
Post Title: 
 Belle - Brisbane - 0410 394 764
				
Post Content: 
Gents,

Took a punt on the following CT add: AUSSIE BEACH BABE hot toned tanned athletic size 8, blonde Babe Ph 0410 394 764.

She also goes by the name of Belle - see: http://www.australian-babe.com/babes/belle

She looked pretty good on the website, had a photo in the CT as weel, and sounded good on the phone.

When she opened the door I was quite happy - she is a good looking girl next door surf chick, with a tanned and firm size 8 body.

It was there that it went down hill.

During our session I established that she is visiting Canberra before jetting off on a holiday O/S for 12 months, and its clear she is going for volume while on tour.

I booked for 30 mins (due starting late because of booking back-log) and charged an extra $50 for kissing and oral on her - which I took up.

Unfortunately she complained at every advance or touch that something wasn't right or that it was sensitive. Probably got two pecks on the lips, she was too sensitve for attention on her breasts and I only managed to get one or two very short attempts of DATY.

Moving to sex since nothing else seemed to be working, she was very very keen to get me to cum as soon as possible.

After a very short CBJ we moved to doggie and then missionary, with her asking me to cum - obviously just trying to get it over and done with.

Now of course there was no real feel for chemistry or mood, and I'm not that keen on hurting a girl or persisting when they are obviously not into it.

Its obvious that she has just taken too many bookings, and is clearly just trying to get as much cash from punters as she can.

I would recommend saving your cash and steering clear of this one.

Regards, HG.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd October 2013, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : aussiebeachbabe

Establishment : private hotel room, Cairns

Date of Visit : 21/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410 394 764 / aussiebeachbabe 

Hours of Business : Ask her, think she said till late in her ad in the paper.

Rates : 180 30 mins. 120 for quickie. and prices listed on her site although they are different i think it depends what town she is in.

Age : hard to tell. maybe late 20's

Size/shape : slim, short, size 8 on her site but i am no expert but maybe size 6 would fit her aswell.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS, HJ, CBJ, different positions

Value for money/recommend? : Yeh, average not to bad, nothing special but would see again for a quickie i suppose if i was super horny.

My experience/comments : 

So i was feeling rather horny and i had checked out this girl a few days earlier and chosen to give it the pass, espically after i saw the review here and i think i may of looked at a few on PP aswell but the usual cairns situation is pretty dry and i wanted a quickie. I gave her a few msgs asking for the quickie service and she asked how much money i had? i told her 100 and she said that was fine.

100 bucks for a quickie and with a blonde surfer chick i was pretty happy and rather horny, into the room i got. greeted by a naked girl about 5'4 or 5'5, slim, slightly tanned, blonde hair, really small tits and a average looking face, I was like yeh i can work with this.

On to the bed she gives me a bit of a hj and tells me that i have a nice cock and that i'm a horny boy. I play a bit with her pussy while she strokes my cock and rubs her body over me, She grabs a condom and slides on and begins sucking. Her bj is rather teethy and was hurting a little bit but i wasnt in the mood to let her know so i gritted my teeth and she slowly got a bit better. she had good technique and good enthusasim, it was actually a good bj minus the teethy problems which would come and go. 

She jumped on cowgirl and i grabbed on to her ass and looked at her really small tits while we she bounched up and down on my cock. after a few minutes of this i decide to give her a mighty bang bang and pound her from underneath. She then tells me to move into missionary which i do for a few more mins and then directs me to doggy. I notice a tramp stamp and another small tattoo on her left should blade and pound her hard doggy style. I also notice a small burn mark kinda on the side of her body, not to bad though. while fucking doggy she is grobbing my balls and rubbing my asshole and using her hand to guide my cock in and out as i fuck harder and harder until i blow into the condom. She wipes me clean offers me a shower and clean towel, i get dressed, bit of small talk and off i go.

Overall. Her pics on her site are real but photoshopped, she is kinda hot, maybe a little passed her prime though, her pussy and ass are average, her tits are small but she seemed nice and even for the 100 dollars for the quickie she wasnt in any real rush to get me out or over the line. She stroked my cock for a few mins, sucked my dick for about 5 mins, and we fucked for about 10 mins, probably in and out in 20 mins all up of just over for 100 dollars with a pretty hot blonde surfer chick gets a thumbs up for what it was.

Also this last review is super old and i thought about starting a new thread but was unsure? And NSW has a regional section for private working girls i am wondering why QLD doesnt would make it easier for people travellng up the coast to seperate from the brisbane/gold coast region.


