Thread Title: Blake Bailey, a rebrand of Savannah Lee - Mackay (tour) - 0487 685 135
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th April 2015, 06:47 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Blake Bailey, a rebrand of Savannah Lee - Mackay (tour) - 0487 685 135
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Blake Bailey (rebrand of Savannah Lee)

Establishment : Her apartment

Date of Visit : July 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Blakebailey | | Escorts & Babes

Phone 0487685135

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $500 hour

Age : late 28-32

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Services Provided : Debateable, ones offered are not necessaily the ones provided, but safe to say full sex, mutual oral (covered bj), but NOT kissing, is included the GFE. I guess anyone who pays for the basic package will encounter even more restrictions!

Value for money/recommend? : Money down the drain

My experience/comments: 
                                  Blake Bailey is Savannah lee with a new name, so that there is some information appearing prior to a new review I have copied and pasted my review from July below. For more information on Blake Bailey search also for Savannah Lee.

I saw Savannah Lee on Escorts and Babes, liked the pert round booty so looked closer and emailed her for details of the packages mentioned. She replied next day, saying that PSE was off the menu because she had lost her toys but passionate GFE was her favourite. She described herself as sporty and said her pictures were about two months old. It took a while to decide to book as her basic package then at ($350) was not what I wanted. Passionate GFE at $550 was a bit steep. In the end I decided to take the punt and booked an hour of passionate GFE.

She was friendly to start, counted the money in front of me, did a parlour style health check and we showered. The steamy passionate shower she described as part of the service was only steamy because of the hot water; it certainly was not passionate, she wouldn’t come fully under in case she got her hair wet/makeup ran.

She seemed to be fairly fit but the pert butt was more padded than in her photo and overall Savannah was not as toned as I expected from her description.

When the fun started I went to kiss her and she turned away, explaining that kissing was far too personal and then gave me her version of what GFE meant.

After that the conversation was a bit forced, and the whole experience uneasy. Her responses were slow and not enthusiastic. 

She just lay on the bed, I had to ask her to stroke me, she showed little enthusiasm and she never made it feel like she meant it. I could not get an erection and time dragged, but still ended earlier than my watch showed it should on checking. When I pointed it out she was defensive, it appears the time starts from entering the room, so paying, counting the cash, waiting while she puts the money somewhere safe and showering are all after the clock starts.

As it is I left feeling like I had been cheated out of a service I paid extra for, told to take an early shower and in short, wasted my money.

Advertising passionate GFE with no intention of even kissing is just cheating, if you really must book her, and kissing, or any other service you might expect included in “Ultimate GFE or “Pornstar” is important to you, make sure you get it specifically included at the time of booking, and again before paying, right down to the last detail.

I didn’t and so I don’t know what she would say if directly asked before she has your money, but I would guess she would still minimise contact and leave you cold anyway.

The service delivered was very much a ”dead fish experience”, she just wants the money banked and the punter gone and did little to pretend otherwise.

What sticks in my mind is a memory of a plain, disinterested, slightly chunky girl lying on the bed trying to think of anything to take her mind off what we were doing

In my view Savannah is in the wrong industry and best avoided


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th April 2015, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mate should off seen Bree, she looks top end honestly comes across as a top ended price guide but $250 for the hour with a fun girl who looks like she should be charging $500..

P4P


