Thread Title: Brianna - Sunnybank - 0423 805 548
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2019, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: ballbag
Post Title: 
 Brianna - Sunnybank - 0423 805 548
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brianna

Establishment : Home

Date of Visit : June/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.locanto.com.au/by/scarlettqld/d5b075/

Phone : 0423 805 548

Hours of Business : 24/7 AFAIK

Rates : $250/h

Age : ~23

Size/shape : Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments :

So got the itch and decided to get onto Locanto and came across Scarletts add. Worked out a time and headed over. Her place is easy to find. I was greeted at the door and upon seeing her there was no chance of me walking away. She looks much better in person than on her ads. Too much make up on her ads for my liking. As I enter she has sheets up covering the other areas of her house and we walk into a bedroom. I can hear someone else in the background and since this doesn't really bother me, I ignore it. Exchange the pineapples and I ask her what she wants me to do. I'm asked if I'd like to lay down on my stomach to which I'm more than happy to oblige. I undress and she undresses and she has on a nice outfit which I'll get into later but for now I lay down. She mounts onto the back of my legs and starts rubbing in some oil into my back. She starts with a nice body slide and as she slides up and down on me I can feel her grinding her pussy firmly into the back of my calves. It appeared she was enjoying this as much as I was. My hair is a bit long and she noticed this. She then starts rubbing her hands gently up the back of my head through my hair and grinding on me and this had me harder than the hardest problem in theoretical physics... This only lasted a few minutes because she decided to flip me. She gets up to me and we slowly kiss for about a minute. Shes a good kisser. She then moved her way down and gets to work on me with a BBBJ. I enjoyed this to say the least. I get her to hop on top of me but she mounts me slowly and keeps me waiting for what seemed like minutes. But when I did enter, holy fuck. She made sure I was all the way in and she was really into it. I've got her nice tits in my face and am buried balls deep in her warm, wet pussy and I know enough about myself that this wont last too long. I hold out a bit and decide for a BJ. After maybe a minute I tell her I'm about to unload and that was her queue to take it up a notch and make sure I was empty. She swallowed some but not all and then cleaned me up.

Next she asked me if I'd like a massage before we go again to which I said I'd like to rub her for a bit. I pushed her onto her back and got myself sitting right in between her legs and started massaging her. Her body is very nice. Smooth, flawless skin and nice tits kept me busy for at least 20 minutes. After this I layed back on the headrest and got her to lay with her back on my belly/chest and I started rubbing her body again. This seemed to really get her relaxed. I think she genuinely enjoyed this part of our experience. After a while her 10 minute alarm went off. She asked if I wanted to go again (like I was going to say no) and I responded by flipping her around onto her back and going as deep and as hard as I could. She was so wet and the noises that came from her were very arousing. The finish was with long, deep and slow thrusts...




the ballbag was empty


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th June 2019, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: alex747
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review Ballbag! Glad to see some good service providers near my suburb. Was she condom friendly?


