Thread Title: British Chanel  - Fortitude Valley - 0450 832 117
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th July 2016, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 British Chanel  - Fortitude Valley - 0450 832 117
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : British Chanel 0450832117

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/Chanel2015/

Hours of Business : 9.00am - 4.00 pm (She Plays Sport most afternoons

Rates : $250 / 60

Age : says 33 most likely 38ish

Size/shape : size 8 massive implants plus SHE HAS AB"S. A fricken 6 pack

Nationality or Ethnicity : British

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Good fun on a work day and not too expensive

My experience/comments : Had to go to Brisbane for work early June 2016 so did the usual and planned ahead by lining up 3 looker private girls.
Ended up going with Chanel due to her sexy pommy accent and the fact I had not seen a British WL
Got there and the units in the Valley are like Rabbit Warrens. You go up to the floor find the correct numbered door and go inside to be confronted by another 3 doors each to separate units. I have not seen this is Sydney but I dont see to many privates here

Greeted by Chanel with a tongue going down my throat to my tonsils. This is a good start
Into the shower and it's so dark in the whole unit except for the Juke Box she has installed. 
I was a bit tired from the travel to get there so I let her do most of the work. After all she was getting paid!
Really good make out session with her lips going over every part of me at least twice.  Be warned that her boobs are so big ther nipples are super sensitive and she wont let you suck them.
She goes down for some CBJ and its pretty good. Lasts about 10mins and I encourage her to fuck me cowgirl. Her pussy looked and felt great but I was not in the mood to DATY her
Now she has really long blonde hair almost to her waist and she did not put it up at all and the sight of her bouncing away with tits bashing up and down is really something. First shot came pretty quick.
While recovering from this Chanel says she is also an A Grade Basketball player and that is why she is ripped.

Back to the lip work and her stroking me up. 
Flipped her over and into Doggy. What a sight, super tight butt with some muscles down her back I have never seen. Her muscle control in her pussy is awesome and with about 3 minutes left on the clock we both made number 2. She seemed to have a nice climax and lay down shaking her arse at me. Being the dedicated arse man that I am I laid along her for some butt teasing. Little Uncle had gone south by now and that was that.
Quick shower great goodbye kiss and its off to work. 
Pays to get into Brisbane early before going to work. The rest of the day was a bit of a let down.

Unclepj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th July 2016, 12:06 PM
Poster ID: Benwaughfuxwhores
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Much older than she advertises as. Used to call herself Savannah and many many other names. Def a slutty one in the bedroom but not as good as Bree.


