Thread Title: Brooke - Shailer Park - 0423 654 462
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd July 2013, 02:32 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Brooke - Shailer Park - 0423 654 462
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooke

Establishment : Private Exotic Massage

Date of Visit : May 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Shailer Park - Courier Mail classifieds (Queensland) 0423 654 462 

Hours of Business : 10am till 5pm Mon to Fri

Rates : $150 -45 mins

Age : probably mid 30s

Size/shape : a very hot curvy firm woman with a good rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : New Zealand

Services Provided : Exotic Massage, body slides, cow girl at her discresion. No FS

Value for money/recommend? : oh yes

My experience/comments :
The ad said, strong hot sexy woman, so I sent off a text and asked her what she did. Its $150 for 45min and I would love what she did, she was quite happy to text back and forth, so I took a punt and booked a session. Best thing I ever did.

Brooke operates from her house and has a very nice clean massage room with adjacent shower. She met me at the door (through the garage) in a tight form hugging stretchy dress, so my nerves were instantly replaced with a deeper need.

I stripped right down got up on the table and she came back into the room, put on some good tunes, whipped off her dress and got straight to work. I would guess she is in her 30s, from NZ, and has a beautiful firm curvy body with a good natural rack.

I'm not going to give away too much here, but she was doing full body slides back and front with plenty of oil, finishing off all over her breasts, and I left a very very happy man.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th July 2013, 10:00 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Forgot the phone number! 0423654462


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th October 2015, 08:29 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Ouch
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooke

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : October 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above

Hours of Business : Mon-Friday 10am-5

Rates : 130/ 45 Minutes

Age : Early 40's

Size/shape : Size 10-12, C Cup Bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi, I think

Services Provided : Crazy Massage with relief

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Apologies if this sounds like more of a rant than a review, but unfortunately I have gotten into a trend where I have had way too many bad experiences of late.

With such bad experiences and even less regulars I can count on, I thought I would take a trip up to Brisbane and visit Brooke who has only been reviewed once even though she has been practising for quite some time. Something I found rather odd. 

So Brooke is a nice looking lass I will not lie there but Brooke is trained as if she is almost a Robot to the point where I'd say her massage is pre-programmed to a Tee!

I am not sure if I have mentioned before in any of my reviews, But I have always preferred a softer massage as my body is not one that handles pain too well.

From the very get go, Brooke got in with her hands and all I could do was yelp. Her hands are definitely made for a stiffer heavy-set tradie.

I mentioned to her that I was after a soft massage, and I think it just aggravated the intensity of the massage. 

Correct me if I'm wrong but I was there and paying for an erotic sensual massage instead I felt like I was at a physiotherapy session. 

The next 45 minutes was just straight use of the forearms digging into my poor poor fragile back. She announced she was going to do some body slides on my back, but even still the body slides felt remedial.

It is such a shame because I liked her front body slide and her hand relief was competent but hell I was in pain for the better part of the session and that is definitely not what I was there for. 

I wouldn't normally write a review that is so personal but this morning I woke up and my shoulder is now rather sore and painful...a coincidence? I think not.

If you have the resistance of Jonah Lomu and don't mind driving to the middle of nowhere for what is inevitably a nice happy ending, by all means, Brooke probably is your girl. But if you'd prefer to be covered for your physiotherapy sessions then consult medibank for your local memberschoice provider. 

WMS.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th October 2015, 10:17 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What a pity that she does not listen to you. Maybe you should say you are after a less sport type massage but a simple gently soft one at the very start.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th October 2015, 07:17 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh I really did try and it was clear that I was in discomfort. Thank you brooke for fucking with my sleep last night! Much appreciated!


