Thread Title: Candy - Yeppoon - 0422 673 902
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2014, 02:16 PM
Poster ID: Rocco
Post Title: 
 Candy - Yeppoon - 0422 673 902
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy


Establishment : Private House



Date of Visit : A few times in the last year or so



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422 673 902 / ~ Candy ~ | Adult & Escort Services | Personals | Finda


Hours of Business : Ask



Rates : $100 Massage/Blowjob, $150 Half Hour Full Service, $250 Hour Full Service + Anal



Age : Late 30's/Early 40's



Size/shape : Average Height/Busty/Plump



Nationality or Ethnicity : White/Aussie



Services Provided : Massage/Bj/Full Service



Value for money/recommend? : Yes, highly recommended



My experience/comments : First visit to Candy was organised while she had her pussy out of service, but still offered a massage and blowjob for $100. So off I went to Yeppoon (Central QLD Coast). Arrived at her nice modern house and greeted by a busty, thick looking red haired mature lady with a kiwi accent. Offered a shower and not long until she joins me (in her undies, presumably due to that time of the month) and starts sucking me off. Enough of this so into the bedroom and ask for a massage. A few light strokes on my back here and there, not much of a massage at all really, then roll over and more oral. Candy does like to chat and make you feel like you are good friends just playing around, which is how it felt to me anyway. She's more of a sensual cock sucker, so I ended up having to wank off over her, which felt great. Lay there for a while just chatting. I get the feeling Candy really enjoys what she does and likes to make you feel like she is yours. Not rushed at all. After this visit I got the impression she might be willing to offer almost anything so since then I have indulged in many fun times with her including going down on her (she does have nice big flaps), spanking her arse while fucking her from behind, fucking her nice round arse hard and then pulling out, removing the dom and laying a load all over her butthole. She actually came from me pounding her arse. Treat her well and I'm sure she will offer any service (condoms for sex are a must for her) you might want. I get the feeling she might have only just started escorting, but always been a genuine nymph. I have rarely seen her advertise in the local paper, she mainly advertises on the finda.com.au classifieds.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd November 2014, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review Rocco, a great help for members reading Candy's ad,





			
				Adult & Escort Services
~ Candy ~
Yeppoon 4703

    30+
    Sexy & Curvy
    E Cup Fun!
    Ladies and couples welcome

Call 0422 673 902
Date Listed: 18th Nov 2014


and wondering what she looks like and what she's up for.

It's also good to know that your time with her wasn't a waste of the cash.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th November 2014, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: Rocco
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pretty much up for anything, but ask her first... Get the impression safety is a must though, always used a dom when fucking her. She is a really nice chick though so whatever your demands may be they may be met. She is more of a strawberry red head and a great plump looking body when bent over.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: robchap
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had seen candys ad all through last year in the paper but it's gone now. I tried to text the number today anyway asking if she was still in town but I've got no response so she may have retired or moved on.  Hopefully i get proved wrong.


