Thread Title: Cathy - Surfers Paradise - 0488 254 659
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th October 2013, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Cathy - Surfers Paradise - 0488 254 659
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kathy

Establishment : Private Unit in Surfers Paradise

Date of Visit : Last Visit, Monday 7th October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0488 254 659

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 200 / hour

Age : 35 (Will claim 30 though but you would not know any better)

Size/shape : Toned size 10, D Cup Titties (but they are smaller than your average D's as she is quite toned), a few small & tasteful tatts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : Full GFE, kissing, cbj, FS, oral, Anal if she is comfortable enough with you

Value for money/recommend? : HELL YES

My experience/comments :

I have seen Cathy three times now, and all three times I have left a very happy man. Cathy is a free spirited girl who lives on her own with her Dog in a small unit off surfers. From the second time I saw her it is obvious she genuinely likes sex and is open to most things. 

The best thing about Cathy is that whilst she doesnt give the best of bjs she is quite tight for a girl her age as she's never had a child but boy she gets into it. On my first visit she was already open enough to let me try her Anal but she it was too hard on her on the first go (she says it really depends on the day and I believe her, whereby I've had anal with her sometimes but not others due to her tightness at the given time). 

For me the kicker with Cathy's service is not just how into it she gets during the sex, but she is a genuine good looker and if you want the genuine girl next door experience, well gents it's just a case of giving those 10 digits a dial. 

Cathy is not that much of a talker but she is good to chat with during your rehab periods. The only thing I must warn of with Cathy is for those gents that don't like to party or to have fun so to speak this is probably not your girl as Cathy does like the sly peroni during her sessions and well you catch my drift. 

Cathy is newish to the game so I only hope these prices of hers are her to stay. And on that note, I think its time to text cathy and arrange tonight's festivities. 

Enjoy Lads

Ps It may be advisable to say that you saw her ad in the paper a while ago as she only irregularly advertises, but I do know her ad has been in the paper last week. Oh and I'm not sure what name in the profession, so don't start calling her cathy!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th October 2013, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wingmanstinson


Person's Name : Kathy
.
.
Ps It may be advisable to say that you saw her ad in the paper a while ago as she only irregularly advertises, but I do know her ad has been in the paper last week. Oh and I'm not sure what name in the profession, so don't start calling her cathy![/I
"""



Or take Biggus's advice and say you saved her number in your phone (after reading the ad in the paper).

Nice review W.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th October 2013, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Luckily for me fartichoke, this is exactly how I stumbled on Cathy after having done a runner from an american masseuse claiming to be a size 8 bahaha, thank the lord for smart phones!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If anyone is still keen on seeing Cathy, she works as Courtney @ Afterglow which is based on navigation lane in tweed heads. Unfortunately she charges an avocado extra for full service there, but this is at her discretion and dont be a prude and ask for it over the phone too, cause the receiptionist will flare up at the thought of her girls doing that. 

Also, the number has been disconnected. 

Cheers.


