Thread Title: Celeste St James - Hamilton Qld - 0458 070 277
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st August 2014, 04:41 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Celeste St James - Hamilton Qld - 0458 070 277
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Celeste St James

Establishment : Her hotel room

Date of Visit : July 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458070277 Celeste St James Brisbane Hamilton Escort and Adult Services

Hours of Business : From 4pm

Rates : $350 hour $250 half hour

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : GFE, passionate kissing, daty, cbj

Value for money/recommend? : Excellent value

My experience/comments :
                                   I liked the description but pics at the time were blurry so I called to get  directed to better quality ones, On looking back today her pictures have changed and now give a much better idea. She gave me a pretty accurate description of herself, adding that I would  not be disappointed with the service she provided. The only thing she  didn't mention was baby stretch marks, this didn't bother me but members  might like to know in advance. We discussed GFE and agreed the content.

 When I saw her I knew I had made a good choice, she is about 5ft 9  far from skinny with long, toned legs and  full firm thighs  (said she  did gymnastics from 4 to leaving school).

 We showered together and she asked what I really liked doing, I told  her that for me kissing was important, felt at ease with Celeste  straight away.
 After towelling each other  she started passionate kissing and we rolled onto the bed to continue.

 Plenty of kissing and cuddling, onto oral, she seemed to really enjoy  receiving (or was a good actress) When it was my turn she knew exactly  when to stop giving me a covered bj.
 Sex in multi positions followed I finally exploded with her on top,  she has really strong legs and controlled the session perfectly.
 There was still time left, no rush, more kissing and cuddling, she  offered seconds but I was happy to carrying on kissing and erotic  cuddling until finally showering together again.
 Celeste was all she promised and the service was enthusiastic, left me wishing I had booked 2 hours


