Thread Title: Chanel - Gold Coast - 0487 826 676
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st May 2014, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Chanel - Gold Coast - 0487 826 676
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chanel



Establishment : Private - Hotel Room



Date of Visit : April 2014


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0487 826 676


Hours of Business : Flexible



Rates : 140 bj only 180 / half hour 



Age : late 30s



Size/shape : a brunette of average height , brand new boltons with tape still concealing her surgery scars. A few tats on a canvas of freckles and lumpy moles - she doesn't have nice skin.



Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie mate



Services Provided : full service , cbj, squirting



Value for money/recommend? : yes but wouldn't go back again



My experience/comments : 

Chanel is a very bubbly energetic extrovert that certainly knows how to engage in a comforting and fun way. She really carries herself well and has a big personality and great attitude contrasted against her plain jane appearance .

I didn't find Chanel attractive but she was fun and had an extraordinary cbj technique which did excite me a lot. She told me plenty of guys just go for her blowjob and pay $140 for it. 

Chanel was rather excited about her new set of tits which she fondly cupped in self admiration whilst telling me the story of how a few weeks prior she was only an A Cup. 

Not much to say about this one other than not the worst punt... I wouldn't go out of my way to see her again but I wouldn't say no given the chance .


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2014, 05:59 PM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw chanel a couple of months back when she had only just started. I really enjoyed the experience and did a review somwhere. It was probably the best first time experience I have had with a caucasion. Undoubtedly her newness to the industry and therefore enthusiasm was a factor. I was wondering where she was as I wanted to go back and see her again. I was afraid she had learnt the industry was not as much fun as she thought it was then. However it appears my fears were unfounded - she was just getting a boob job! Yes, she was only an 'A' cup. I will go back and see if the industry has worn her down yet and check out the 'C' cups.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 02:09 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Zing22


I will go back and see if the industry has worn her down yet and check out the 'C' cups
"""



She's claiming DD's... good before and after shots on the new Locanto ad:

Mouth that's magic & worth millions - She's back with a DD rack, Gold Coast


