Thread Title: Chelsea - Brisbane Northside - 0415 370 688 - AVOID LIKE THE F..ING PLAGUE FOR PRIVACY, GENTS!
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th November 2014, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Chelsea - Brisbane Northside - 0415 370 688 - AVOID LIKE THE F..ING PLAGUE FOR PRIVACY, GENTS!
				
Post Content: 
The following is not a review but a heads up. Admin, Apologies if this goes beyond the forum rules, but all of the following is true and I think the following needs to be addressed to the good folk of punters in QLD.

For those that are acquainted with my reviews, I punt almost exclusively on the Gold Coast however, sometimes I dabble into the deep brown Bull Shark infested waters of Brisbane. I called one lady whilst ringing around to see what was on offer, and it felt like a cheap service would be had. No further contact was made, until a month or so ago, to which I received a message saying "Hi,darl". Nothing more nothing less. I replied saying "how do I know you?" to which I received no further message. 

Until a further "Hi darl" message was sent, to which I kindly messaged her back to stop texting me. I will save you the dialogue of this conversation but it continued further, until I finally received a picture of her (or someone else's) pussy. A please stop was sent and a no was then texted back to me. 

I eventually tried calling the number but to no avail. Eventually I had to swing a haymaker and noted to the lady that another text from her would see her number including all text messages and the photo sent to the Prostitution Licensing Authority and the Queensland Police. If I was single this wouldn't have been a real problem but I simply cannot afford such shit whilst trying to embark on a new relationship.

Punters, if you plan on seeing this girl, it's advisable to either call with a private number or with a punting phone. Hopefully the lady in question backs off but I just cannot afford such levels of openness from WL's and will not be afraid to initiate a complaint with the Fuzz for solicitation.  

This shouldn't happen but guys you've been warned. It does happen so please be careful in the future.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th November 2014, 05:55 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Don't let this setback worry you too much.  Your gold coast is the fastest growing area for new massage/shops,in Australia on current statistics.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th November 2014, 06:55 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wingmanstinson


The following is not a review but a heads up ..
"""



Thank you for the warning wingmanstinson.

Here's Chelsea's News Classifieds ad,





			
				CHELSEA Attractive, Brisbane, QLD

Description: playful, pretty, busty brunette. Northside. Phone 0415 370 688.

Date Listed: 12/11/14
Ad ID: 2019691V2
Also posted in: Quest Newspapers
Views: 896

- See more at: CHELSEA Attractive, - Adult Services - Personals - NewsClassifieds


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th November 2014, 07:46 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah this girl Juanita is her name, went to see her earlier in the yeah, would say around 40 slim ok MILF sort of deal but a complete fuck around & in my phone as a do not contact. When there look wont go right into but you know there is a issue .. 

P4P


