Thread Title: Chloe Stewart - Brisbane - 0421 529 844
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st January 2014, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: Droood
Post Title: 
 Chloe Stewart - Brisbane - 0421 529 844
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Chloe Stewart

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: March 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Home | Chloe Stewart

Hours of Business: appointment

Rates: $250/hour

Age: Late 20s

Size/shape: Curvy/busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Erotic Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Moderate. Great BJ, ordinary massage though

My experience/comments: 

I had been eyeing off Chloe for sometime now as she advertises in locanto also. Her ad has her with a smoking body!

I turned up to her place and was welcome by a very small petite blonde, not as tall as I had thought from the pictures. She invited me in and showed the shower. After the wash I was led to a small room where there was a mattress on the ground in the corner, not quality but acceptable as it was all well presented. 

The body rub was just that, oil on my back and sort of pushed around a bit. After quite awhile, she flipped me over and begin to tease oldmate, then commenced her oral relief. This is where the booking got better, her oral skills is very good! She can definitely suck well! Tongue flicking, deep throat. 

Once I came, we sat for a short while and chatted, then my time was up. I would see Chloe again, but only for the half hour, massage wasnt any good but would go back for the BJ.


Droood.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2014, 12:11 AM
Poster ID: Droood
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I can't seem to edit this, but Chloe is in Brisbane.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd January 2014, 08:24 AM
Poster ID: Droood
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I spent the hour for $250, but back then she used to offer limited 30min visits for $150, for the short visit I would go back, but not for an hour again.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd January 2014, 08:32 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
More reviews of Chloe here, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f121/c...9-844-a-13861/


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th April 2014, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: newB
Post Title: 
 Chloe Stewart Brisbane CBD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe Stewart

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 02/04/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink http://www.chloestewart.com.au/index.php/home: 

Hours of Business : 10 am till late

Rates : Home | Chloe Stewart (250 /hr , 1 hr  minimum) 

Age : Advertised as 23. Read below

Size/shape : ~165mm height, DD breasts, curvaceous / plump depending on your definition

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : nude massage with HJ, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : 

OK, so was feeling pretty down so decided to pamper myself with a top notch massage. websearch seemed to lead me to chloe stewart. Actually not true. Locanto did, but anyway, I digress. 

Booking was a bit of a process with sms's back and forth and long gaps between the sms exchanges which almost killed my mood. I arrived a bit early to allow time for showering etc., but was told to wait until the exact time. The process of meeting was a bit like a spy novel with us exchanging details of what we were wearing so it built up the excitement for me. 

The facilities were really well-appointed. high class serviced apartment in the CBD - central location, discrete, close to parking all as advertised. 

The part that is not as advertised is the age - The page claims her age to be 23, I think its talking about the age of her wisdom teeth. I know when I am with a 23 year old, and this certainly wasnt one of those experiences. To bridge the gap between advertised age and real age - Chloe has taken advantage of some assisstive surgery. I could see the marks for a boob job, botox injections and liposuction - this was a bit of a distraction for me. For example I spent time thinking about how the face was so taut, but the skin on the neck was hanging loose.

The other thing I didn't care about much was an air of faux-sophistication. In an attempt to appear very high class, the interaction became kind of clinical. I would much rather have spent time with someone that is vivacious, jovial, energetic, cracks a few jokes and teases me. (This should not be called GFE btw, for anyone that has ever had a real girlfriend, or wife). The good strippers know how to do it in a strip club - pick up a conversation from nowhere, and make it charged with energy and naughtiness. Instead I ended up with the sophistication of a lady from white-lady funerals. 

Now to the actual process. I was asked to lay naked on the bed. As always I want to start with a handjob to deal with my PME. This was quick enough. Her clothes started coming off gradually - and the plus side of being above 23 shone through in the experience. Slow lusty slides were great. This continued into the flip. Touching was allowed but I didnt feel it was encouraged. Actually when I did cup her tits, she said her breasts were really tender that day. (Made me wonder if she was about to have her periods - didnt help ) 

I had paid the 50 extra for a toyshow so this melded into a toy being produced. She lay on the bed with her head in the opposite direction, legs spreadeagled and put it in. This I had never seen before so was a bit of an educational experience for me. She seemed to be genuinely enjoying herself and I wondered whether I should interrupt or not - In hindsight, I would have loved to pound away with the dildo. 

Straight after, a condom appeared out of nowhere and before I could say anything, it was over my dick and my dick was in her mouth. Given that this wasn't discussed at any stage I wondered whether if the situation was reversed could it be classified as oral sexual attack !!. Tried to shut down my brain and enjoy what I was receiving, but then a handjob without a condom felt better so we switched back to that. 

Total tally within the visit - came 3 times. So I can't really complain. She is not a clock watcher and will attempt to accomodate you. Just a bit disappointed that the age wasn't described accurately. 

Total cost: 300
Service: 7/10
Personality: did not complement mine well 3/10
will i return: no. 
Looks: imagine Hillary Clinton 20 years ago, or Chelsea 10-15 years from now. 

-------------------------
BTW if someone can recommend a highly energetic, bubbly, young, friendly, girl next door kind of girl - please do.


