Thread Title: Christie - Nerang - 0405 816 559
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th December 2010, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: slim shady
Post Title: 
 Christie - Nerang - 0405 816 559
				
Post Content: 
Sinful and seductive, wild, and adventurous, playful, size 8, brunette, 24/7, 0405 816 559 - this is how her ad reads from The Gold Coast Bulletin.  I was in Brisbane late September 2010 and found myself there on an unplanned Saturday night and wasn't having much luck getting any girls to answer their phone after I'd been to The Cabaret Club (strip club) in the Valley.  I didn't have a room booked either so I thought "fuck it" and drove to the Gold Coast in the hope of finding both at a cheaper rate than what Brissie was offering.

Picked up a copy of the local rag and started ringing around (at 2am mind you).  Wasn't having much luck in finding anything that appealed to me so I went and woke up the poor bugar that had a "vacancy" sign on his motel and got myself a room.  Meanwhile, I received a text "sorry I missed your call".  I rang Christie back and she sounded more like what I was looking for.  In her words, "the only thing I don't do is anal and I love to suck cock".  She sounded like my kind of girl.

So I started to head over to her address at Nerang.  I don't know the GC very well, but found it fairly easily.  Her flat wasn't flash but it was tidy.  I showered up and met her in her bedroom - lot's of pillows and scented candles.  She had a bikini on and she has a nice tidy body.  My guess is she is early to mid 30's, b cup tits with fantastic erect nipples, and a slim, toned size 8 with a brazillian.

She asked me what I wanted and I just rolled over and started kissing her and feeling her gorgeous smooth skin.  The kissing became more passionate with plenty of mutual tongue action, just the way I like it.  I then bent down to suck on those delicious nipples.  After a little of this I rolled back and asked her to show me her cock sucking skills.  She's not the best cock sucker I've ever encountered but she was pretty bloody good and very dedicated to her craft.  Eventually the desired result was achieved and climax number one was released.

I pulled her up to kiss her again and suck on those gorgeous nipples and started to make my way south for some DATY.  She has a tidy pussy that tasted divine and I spent considerable time down there licking her pussy and rimming her arsehole.  I looked up and she had her eyes closed and looked like she was enjoying my administration.  It wasn't long before she was arching her back and pushing her pussy into my face with her hands behind the back of my head.

After she had cum, I moved my way back up her, kissing her nipples, then her mouth as she tasted her pussy juice on my tongue.  I started rubbing my cock on her pussy and slid into her warm paradise.  We pumped away in several positions - missionary, doggie, and she finished me off in cowgirl.

I was there at least for 1 hour, she certainly wasn't a clock watcher urging me along, although at 3am I doubt there was a queue waiting to see her.  At $250 for the hour I thought she was great value and if/when I'm back at the Coast I intend to see her again.

Overall: 8 out of 10


