Thread Title: Coco - Caloundra - 0452 064 470
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th December 2018, 10:04 AM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Coco - Caloundra - 0452 064 470
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : "Coco"

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/11/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
https://m.locanto.com.au/rockhampton...g-service.html

Phone : 0452064470

Hours of Business : On call

Rates : 80/ 1hr massage (FS incl my visit)

Age : maybe 50 ish

Size/shape : Short, Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Nah

My experience/comments : 

Some awkward back and forth texting had me outside a big apartment building. Waited a bit, then told to go to certain floor and room number. 

Knocked and door was answered by (surprise surprise) an old Chinese lady with a beer gut, false advertising again lol. Honestly, I don't mind an old Chinese lady with a beer gut, but I could imagine a lot of other guys would turn away.

In lingerie dress, which she whipped off pretty quick once money exchanged. Nice pokie nips were a good touch, but not much else to write home about.

Laid naked on bed, just hoping she would start with handy and BJ. She did, for like 2mins, then offered FS for no extra. She must have been bored and/or horny, I dunno. Dom still on from CBJ. She got on her back and spread for me. Very nice looking pussy btw. Slight stubble, and smelled fresh. Touching allowed. Asked her to sit on my face at one stage but she would not.

Unfortunately she was loose as - And I'm not exactly small. It was like poking a sav into a bucket of custard. I began to get soft after a couple mins so I got off and told her to get on top. She was useless on top hardly moving at all so this was not much better. I asked her to just finish me off with a handy, which was actually the best bit - she's quite good at this. Quite an intense finish actually.

This whole ordeal was over in about 30mins.

Coco, was really nice and caring, like a best friend's mum. But geez I can't recommend unless this sort of experience is your thing.

Cheers,
AS


