Thread Title: Coco - Southport - 0498 228 198
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd December 2015, 10:40 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Coco - Southport - 0498 228 198
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Private apartment in Southport (CBD)

Date of Visit : 21/12/2105

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Various ads in Locanto, Cracker, E&B e.g. http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_6...t-Service.html, Coco | | Escorts & Babes

Hours of Business : 10am to 12am 7 days

Rates : Various, best to check ads, extras also available onsite, but as an example, Nuru plus FS is 100/150/200/250 for 15/30/45/60

Age : Ads say 27. I'm no expert but I'd say maybe a touch older than that maybe?

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Nuru plus FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :

I've been checking out Coco's ads for a while, and decided to take the plunge and check her out.  I'm glad I did, and I'm definitely planning a return visit.  An E&B verified photo is usually a good indicator of what you see is what you'll get, and I can confirm the photos and description in her ads are accurate. Coco is petite, and in my opinion quite attractive.  Really big tits with big dark nipples which are definitely the ones in the photos.  Her apartment is very easy to get to, and very clean and well presented - a nice change.  Onto the good bits...

Once payment was made, I was ushered into the bathroom, where the shower was already running and waiting for me.  BTW, Coco's English isn't the best, but she does try hard, and I've heard worse.  Just expect a few moments trying to understand each other.  As part of the 30 min or longer service, Coco joined me in the shower and gave me a very nice wash.  Very caring touch which added to the experience rather than seeming to take time away.

After that we made our way into the bedroom.  This was my first Nuru session so I wasn't sure what to expect.  The bed had a vinyl cover over it, with a large beach towel over the top of that.  I laid face up on the towel, and Coco started applying the slippery liquid all over us both. Coco starts with a nice (very slippery) body slide, then does a cat bath which is more sucking than licking - really quite nice, and the first time anyone has actually sucked my kneecap like it was a cock ;-) She sucks really hard, and I was in heaven when she got to my nipples :-)

A couple of things I will mention now are 1/ during the body slide, our privates definately touched, and I started to get a bit concerned my cock might just slip in accidentally with so much lube all over the place. I'm sure she knows what she's doing in this regard, and it wouldn't have happened, but nonetheless I stopped and asked for a condom at that point.  Coco seemed a bit puzzled but promptly applied the condom with her mouth. 2/ Coco doesn't seem to like to be touched at all.  Even to the point of [politely] stopping me when a started caressing her shoulder during the CBJ??? I know this might be a show stopper for some.  I did get a bit of a feel of her big tits in the shower, so it's a real shame I couldn't fondle and suck on then some more during the main event.

Anyway, after the Nuru, Coco jumped on for a bit of cowgirl, then on we moved to a good strong finish in mish.  I really wanted to have a go in doggy, but her pussy was feeling sooooo good I couldn't stop to make the change - you know how it is... plus there's always next time right.

The session finished off with another nice shower together, where Coco got me all cleaned up.  We spent a bit of time admiring the view from her apartment and attempting a bit of a chit chat.  Nice lady.  I'm running out of punting funds at the moment so I'm planning on a quick 15 min FS for my next session.  As usual I will review the second round.


