Thread Title: Creamy - Springwood Qld - 0478 692 950
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Creamy - Springwood Qld - 0478 692 950
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Creamy

Establishment : Private/ motel

Date of Visit : Late Nov 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???Juicy Girl ???!Do everything!! Just Come now !!! Horny!!! Sexy!!! - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : Incall $120/30m  $180/hr

Age : says 23 but is mid 30's

Size/shape : busty, fleshy and soft milf, quite agile

Nationality or Ethnicity : possibly japanese

Services Provided : DATY, CBJ, French kissing, several positions, doggy

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :

Couldn't get away at lunch so i booked half hour for 3pm and i was pretty keyed up and more than ready, only to be given the... can i wait 5 mins which turned into 10 and i am thinking i am getting played here or she has double booked, so i text again at 15 mins and get a please wait 5 mins and i am not impressed but need something so i continue scrolling through cracker, a couple not answering phone, then i get a few quick urgent texts to see if i am still there and begs me to come..30 minutes late.

I am back at the usual motel at one of the regular rooms and i have decided that i have waited far too long to walk. She answers the door and is quite attractive in lingere, all smiles and glowing, with high heels. I had already showered but needed to pee and there's 3 or 4 wet towels on the floor already and a half dozen fresh ones on the bench in the bathroom.

I return to the main room  and she walks to the bed, stops and crosses her legs and bends forward from the waist, pushing her butt into the air and exposing her pussy. So i kneel down and enjoy some pussy licking from the rear and get my tongue in pretty deep as i grab her butt. I did taste a bit of lube, which wasn't really a suprise, but she really juiced up, and turned around with a big smile and we get into some deep french kissing before some pretty damn good CBJ as i sit on the corner of the bed then flop onto my back as she is kneeling on the floor.

Didn't really want to blow too early, but the temptation was there so i made myself sit up and she sits on my lap and is fully into humping and riding me with her boobs bouncing so i grab her and lean her back over the edge of the bed. My feet are still on the floor as im on the corner of the bed, so i just fuck her silly while holding her up and she is just somewhere else, and suprising light, so i am thinking that the last guy didn't really get her off and now she's genuinely enjoying herself. I'm getting a bit fatigued and pull her back up and we finally get onto the bed where she's into a bit more french kissing before some missionary with legs wide then up and wide again. Still got the condom on and she is just starts coming as i am pumping a wet firm pussy and keeps coming, with her head rolling side to side to side and i am having a good time but she is having a better one! I finally blow while inside her and she comes back while i am getting my breath and the heart rate is still racing, she cleans me up and says do i want a shower. so i do that quickly and she is on the phone, a kiss goodbye and there's half an hour. 

Overall i really enjoyed myself and had some good sex, once i got in the door and i would return and probably should have given a couple of dud punts since then. Yes its a younger her in the pictures. masterj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Masterj
I am up there next week and been doing some research as to what is available.
Looks like this will be fun
Uncle


