Thread Title: Cute, young busty asian - Cairns - 0431 617 137
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2014, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: jeremiah
Post Title: 
 Cute, young busty asian - Cairns - 0431 617 137
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Cute Young Busty Asian

Establishment : Grafton St Cairns

Date of Visit : Mid August 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Classified Ad Cairns Post

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $180 an hour

Age : mid 40s at a guess , ad said young ! 

Size/shape : B Cup / Old and out of shape

Nationality : Asian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No , dull and disinterested , better to do it yourself.

My experience/comments :

Had a hankering for a bit of asian pussy a couple months ago , did a scan of the Cairns Post classifieds and amongst the many asian ads found one for " Cute Young Busty Asian " , made the call , booked 1 Hr for $200 then was directed to an old apartment block on Grafton St behind Cairns State High School ( my old school so bit weird going there ).

Was greeted at the door by short , average looking asian lady who must have been mid 40s , not busty or cute and prob not Japanese. Followed her into bedroom with massage table in one corner , discussed our business and she seemed most disappointed i wanted full service rather than just R&T , probably should have walked out then , but said what the hell and she took my money and got undressed.

What followed was essentially her laying back and letting me go at her limp form , started with some pussy eating but was greeted with no sounds or any expression of interest so got a condom on and started working , no offer of BJ and really I was just keen to dump my load and get out.

Pumped away for awhile while she laid limp on her back and covered her face , finished showered and got the hell out , suddenly she started becoming quite friendly obviously looking for a return visit that she will not be getting.

Sadly this is not an uncommon scenario and if you check the forums you will find the majority of asian ads up here are for the same women with multiple names and with a similar lack of decent service , all in all not worth the money and if you find yourself in a similar experience once the door opens turn and find somewhere else to satisfy your desires.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th October 2014, 01:09 AM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the informative review about the real dangers of punting in Cairns. Unfortunately this seems to be the norm rather than the exception. Best approach with these fakes is to turn and walk...


