Thread Title: Danielle - Rochedale - 0487 188 082
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th June 2013, 12:28 PM
Poster ID: Kiwi
Post Title: 
 Danielle - Rochedale - 0487 188 082
				
Post Content: 
Hi
Has anyone seen this Lady . Below is her Cracker Ad

Cracker Ad

Danielle, Sexy, Mature and Very Busty. - Brisbane City | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hoping to visit this arvo

cheers

Kiwi


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th December 2013, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danielle

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 10/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private House at Rochedale in Brisbane, phone: 0487 188 082

Hours of Business : at request, weekdays

Rates : $200 for one hour

Age : 40s

Size/shape : F tits, short, very large body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : HJ, self-play

Value for money/recommend? : No 

My experience/comments : 

I actually saw Danielle's ad on Backpage before I visited Brisbane a few months ago, but my schedule did not allow me to visit her then.

Her ad may be seen here DANIELLE, sexy, mature and hot for you - brisbane escorts - backpage.com

I do like a real, full-sized lady, and I liked what I saw in the photos and the description, so when I had another trip to Brisbane last week, I made sure I lined up a visit to Danielle well in advance. In fact, I was so confident that I booked for an hour - very unusual for me at any time (due to limited budget) but unprecedented for a first visit. 

I finished my business about an hour before our appointment time. I therefore decided to drive past the house so I'd know where to go when the time came. I was surprised to find the GPS directing me down a semi-rural road, which became a bit of a track, leading to a road gang and a run down house on a couple of acres. The only thing missing was the sound of banjos. For the second time in a week, my instincts should have told me to walk - no run away, but I returned at 2:30 to see if the present was better than the wrapping paper.

To cut a long story short, it wasn't.

Danielle answered the door in the same black lingerie that she wore in the photos, but that is where the resemblance ended. She has dark hair and fair skin, is very short - lucky if she's 5' - and her bust is impressively large, but her body is much larger than the photos suggest. Not a problem in itself though.

This is clearly her private residence. She led me to the bedroom, and apologised for the lack of air conditioning on such a hot day. No shower was offered, but she asked for the money - $200 - straight away, which she took and said "you take off your clothes and then I'll come back to find out what you like".

When she returned, it was she who laid down the terms.

"I don's kiss because I have cold sores. No fingers anywhere. Everything is covered - no sucking without a condom" (not that I would have wanted her to because of the cold sores)

At this stage I was a bit freaked out. If I had an inkling of any of this before she literally walked out of the room with my money, I would have left (probably would have left her $50 for her trouble though).

As it was, I decided to take the least risky route and got the sorry business over with inside half an hour. I sucked her nice big tits while she played with her pussy. I watched and wanked as she did that, getting hard. She then smothered her hands in what looked like some sort of face cream and started stroking my cock, which immediately had the opposite effect to what was intended. I lay back and she tried again, and she eventually got me over the line, but it was hardly an erotic experience - more a relief to be able to leave.

The combination of cold sores, zero chemistry, and poor technique/service would lead me to advise anyone else not to make the same mistake that I did.

Definitely a case of Taking One For The Team!

This is my third terrible punting experience in a row. I am beginning to reassess my criteria...


