Thread Title: Danielle - Isle Of Capri, Gold Coast - 0423 941 944
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th February 2020, 12:01 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Danielle - Isle Of Capri, Gold Coast - 0423 941 944
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danielle

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 16/12/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/Danielle16/
DANIELLE | High Class Private Brisbane Escort
Also ad on Locanto but currently none there

Phone : 0423941944

Hours of Business : 8am till late

Rates : $200/Hr (my booking), other rates check her E&B ad

Age : Claims 42 on ad, I reckon late 40s, early 50s

Size/shape : BBW, fully shaved, beaut HH hanging tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Shower together, massage and body slide, 69 DATY, CBJ, Prostate Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, for me / Not sure

My experience/comments : 
Contacted Danielle vi text to arrange booking and she promptly replied. She's located western side of Isle Of Capri in walking distance from Surfers Paradise. Slight 
disappointment when I met her in person as she looked alot older and worn than what her ad pics show - the pics are close but I reckon taken maybe 10-15 years ago.

Financials sorted, we undressed each other and I suggested we both have a cooling shower together. We lathered up each other and I had hands roaming all over her tits and pussy which she said she enjoyed very much and hadn't experienced a shower session with her other clients. After towelling off, we moved to the bedroom and she kicked off with me face down massaging my back with nice rubs of the tackle and her tits sliding over my back. I turned around to enjoy sucking those tits and groping her pussy, moving into a 69 so I could enjoy giving her pussy a good lick. Meanwhile she slipped on a condom and got to work sucking my cock which had me blowing my first load.

A quick cleanup then we laid side by side so I could fondle her tits and pussy. Soon I was hardening up again and ready for round 2. Another condom on and she went to work on my cock. I mentioned I enjoyed a finger in the bum so she prepared a small sheet and pillow under my back so I was lifted up for her (gloved) finger to enter my arse while she sucked my cock. Nice tongue technique on my cock plus the finger stimulation made me blow my second load. A shower cleanup, dressed and I was on my way.

I had a good session with her which emptied me completely but I am not sure I'm keen to travel up the coast to see her again.


