Thread Title: Deb - Cairns - 0457 165 691
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 11:49 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Deb - Cairns - 0457 165 691
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Deb

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : September 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Dirtydeb | Cairns | Escorts & Babes and Locanto http://cairns.locanto.com.au/ID_3172...temptress.html Phone 0457 165 691

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $90 half hour $180 hour and a lot of specials and combinations

Age : early 40's

Size/shape : Curvy to fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian

Services Provided : Full sex, pasionate kissing, probabaly more if requested

Value for money/recommend? : Good value

My experience/comments :   Deb

I went to see Deb from an Ad on locanto, she also now advertises on escorts and Babes advertising $200 an hour but with $20 off if you mention E.B. So still $180 hour.

Her advertising description is reasonably accurate; she is very well rounded to the point of fat but not too much (for my liking anyway). 

Bentley Park is not the best suburb but what bothered me was there was a lot of young children's toys and a swing in the garden. I was assured there were no children there and never would be when "they" (she shares the place with a friend) were working. 

Cash up front and no compulsory opening shower, kissing started straight away, passionate and she made it seem like she meant it. I enjoyed playing with her soft breast which, like she says, were DD at least. She teased by rubbing them over my face and body, and then rested her weight on me as she kissed me again; she is a heavy girl but really knows how to deliver a service!

I only booked half an hour (usually do for a first time). I got her to lie on her back while I rubbed and kissed anywhere I liked, don't know about daty though as I didn't try, somehow with Deb that didn't appeal to me.

I asked if she had a favourite position, if she does she didn't tell me, I chose her on top as I liked looking at and holding those boobs, also find this position more satisfying with bigger girls. She put on the dom and gentle sucking got more vigorous, had to ask her to stop or it would have been all over.

Her on top was a good choice, she is clearly experienced and slowed when I indicated, but it was all over too fast, the blow job had just brought things too close.

A shower was offered and accepted. The facilities were dated, grubby and uninviting.

Would I go again? To see Deb, yes, good value, very good service but unlikely at those premises.

  The two girls advertise a "double trouble" service with a complex range of charges, not something that interests me but maybe worth knowing to some members. The other girl looked younger (about 30). I only saw her outside smoking but she looked as big as or bigger than Deb.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th October 2014, 07:09 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Locanto ad,





			
				urvy blue eyed kiwi temptress - 36

36yr old erotic & wild temptress in Bentley Park
Awaiting to give you a sensual erotic massage
Beautiful big blue eyes,bubble & friendly personality
Smooth softness with a wild side, No hassle parking or I can come to you for more pleasurable info don't be shy call me on 0457 165 691


