Thread Title: Debbie - North Toowoomba - 0499 427 255
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2015, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: david_boss19
Post Title: 
 Debbie - North Toowoomba - 0499 427 255
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Debbie 

Establishment : North Toowoomba Private

Date of Visit : 28/3/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Debbie | Toowoomba | Escorts & Babes

Hours of Business : All week 7:30 am - 10pm

Rates : 200/hr

Age : 53

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : British/Aussie Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage/Full Service

Value for money/recommend? :  Money down the drain

My experience/comments : 

After my wonderful experience with a previous escort in toowoomba, I took a gamble on the toowoomba chronicle. I found Debbie that linked me to her escorts & babes site. Her pics looked genuine and I bit the bullet to book in a 1hr full service in the next hour. She seemed polite at first but it was obvious she wasn't home and she had to quickly get back home and start her preparation. I got annoyed the fact she didn't give me an exact address, only the street where all the houses looked the same and we frantically texted where her house was, took a waste of 10 min! She insisted it was my fault but I didn't want to argue with the old woman as i didn't want to damage the mood, but that was already too late.

So then I was forced to have a shower when I actually and provided proof that i did have a shower at my place very short time ago but she didn't care. After a quick shower and dried my self, she was waiting in a pretty dark bedroom and was acting very frantic of me to lay on the towels on her bed. I stood there with disdain as i reminded her this was a FULL SERVICE session not a massage. But of course the old woman grabbed my waist and i was forced to lie on my abdomen.

The massage was alright with the oil she used and got real annoyed when i didn't follow her instructions  cause you know im a young lad thats asked for SEX. Finally after 20 minute, she rolled the condom on and engaged in CBJ. Nothing amazing but she knew how to work a rod, then cause I like to ask things I suggested we engage in 69. She gave me a very prompt NO  and was only allowed to "lightly" kiss her vagina (weird i know cause she was too lazy to buy a DAMP). The only sex positions we manage to do cause time was going fast was first doggie, which that went ok cause she made the excuse she was old and had to be comfortable for her, but not for me > . And missionary, that was only fun cause i gave the best pounding she ever had as i thrusted very fast to achieve her orgy. But then of course i ejaculated and she said "oh i guess thats it, off u go now", that of course was the last straw as there were only 15 minutes left (I booked 1 hour) and she was physically scolding and pushing me out the door as an excuse to say her next client will be here any minute. I was even lucky to get my wallet as i was about to exit the door! 

There was no point putting up a fight as I knew from the second I entered that door that this was a bad punt. Definitely money down the drain but to be honest i'm glad it wasn't a huge pile of cash gone as her cheap rates has definitely taught me a lesson to be very vigilant in the future and of course avoid escorts like her.

David


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th May 2015, 12:40 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You really pick a dud their unfortunately; better luck next time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th April 2016, 09:05 PM
Poster ID: nick123007
Post Title: 
 Debbie - Toowomba - 0499 427 255
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Debbie

 Establishment : Private

 Date of Visit : 28/02/16

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Debbie | Toowoomba | Escorts & Babes    0499 427 255

 Hours of Business : 8 am - 8 pm

 Rates : $150 half hr, $250 hr

 Age : 54

 Size/shape : size 12, fairly slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

 Services Provided : Full service, erotic relaxation

 Value for money/recommend? : Great value, definitely recommend

 My experience/comments : 

 Visited Debbie when she was in Toowoomba. Booked a half an hour full service. Nice private unit, shower facilities, drinks provided. She is very friendly and sexy (if you're into older women). She is about 170 cm tall, slim and has nice b cups tits that fit nicely in the hand. Long blonde hair and a sexy little smile.

 Started off with a massage, for around 5 mins, then moved to a hand job. She is absolutely AMAZING with her hands. Then proceeded to a covered blow job, another skill she has mastered. She then laid on the bed, rubbing her lovely little pussy inviting me to fuck her. I fucked her missionary for a while playing with her tits and clit. She isn't very noisy, which I sort of prefer my women to be. We then moved to doggy style, which was great as she reached under and fondled my balls. We switched once more with her on top riding, tits bouncing. This really hit the spot and I couldn't hold it any more so I blew as she rocked back and forth. Would have finished right on time, even though there wasn't any clock watching.

 Very lovely lady. Will be seeing her again.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th April 2016, 10:12 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is the value of reviews, 2 contrasting reviews that i totally trust both of, goes to show some girls you click others you dont.

P4P


