Thread Title: Demi - Kangaroo Point - 0452 034 075
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2012, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: 
 Demi - Kangaroo Point - 0452 034 075
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Demi

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 2/06/12

Contact Details:   0452 034 075 Advertises on Cracker

Rates: $150

Age: Says 23 but most likely late 20s to early 30s

Size:6 with great D cup tits - enhanced but feel natural

Nationality: Says Phillipines...might be Thai

Services: Full

Value for Money: Meh...maybe...yeh

My Experience: Made a last minute decision to see Demi and got in pretty much straight away. Southern Cross Apartments is where she works from, along with about 100 other Asian girls these days. I swear you could go up to any room and it's probably a WL from somewhere in Asia. She opened the door with the same hiding behind it routine that we're all used to by now, and revealed a quite attractive lady in a bikini, with blonde tints in her lang hair and a heap of makeup. Nice tits...GREAT tits actually and her arse was good though the hint of a few hail spots on the upper parts of her legs as she walked. Went into the room and with better lighting could see that it wasn't exactly the girl from the pics. (2nd time this has happened to me at the Southern Cross) She was pretty close though (insert joke about all Asians looking the same here) and was still pretty tidy and tiny, and I was horny as fuck, so into it we got. 

No kissing was on offer and I got the bikini off to taste the delights infront of me. I'd remembered to freshly shave my face so DATY action was welcomed, but I was declined and told it was an extra $50 to eat. WTF? Really? I almost walked at that. I'm not concerned about walking. Done it heaps if things weren't right, but she did have my raging cock in her little hands and was begging me to let her do the sucking and slurping instead. Who I am to say no to that? So she covered me up and went to town. Nothing deep though...pretty much just the head, so I got her up off her knees and onto the bed on her back. Pussy was shaved and a beautiful dark tanned colour which made the pink inside almost flourescent - not quite as much as the African ladies, but pretty bloody inviting. I pushed again for DATY and she dropped to $40, then $20...but I thought, no farkin way. Eating her out should be in the price, so I just threw her legs in the air, pulled her towards the edge and shoved my now yearning, but slightly pissed off cock into her pussy. 

Tight...fuck me it was tight. I'm no ManDingo, but bloody hell it was a effort getting in. She was wet and also lubed up, but just unbelieveably tight. She wasn't real keen of having it rough and put her hands there to stop me going so deep, so I slowed down and eased him in more gently. Did it this way with me standing beside the bed for a bit the rolled her over to doggy. Her chocolate starfish was inviting me to test the waters, so I started with a little rubbing and tried to push in a thumb - may aswell try the fattest one - but that was a no go zone, so doggy continued until I got her to lay flat on her stomach and fucked her from on top. She had been moaning and doing all the facial expressions up until now, and her pussy had loosened up a bit, so I thought what the hell. We're gonna finish in this position.

I eased inside her and held her down with my hands across her shoulders. Luckily for her she was facedown in the sheets cause she let out this moaning cry as I felt my cock hit her cervix. Can't get any deeper than that, so I gave her everything I had until I came. I got off her and she rolled over to reveal a huge makeup stain on the nice, white, bedspread. She'd put towels down but I guess with all the moving around she missed it. 

In all I guess it was ok. She charged me $140 to fuck one of the tightest pussies I've had and had a great set of tits. Her face is attractive, too. Would I go there again?...no. But then, with 5 levels of pussy at the Southern Cross, why would you go back to the same one twice.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd June 2012, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review mate.  That tight pussy sounds nice, but I suppose it's be a gamble that you'd get the same chick calling that number.  Knowing my luck I'd get an old granny. Was that $140 for 1/2 or 1 hr?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd June 2012, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It was for 1/2 hr...sorry, I forgot to mention that.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd June 2012, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Actually I just logged on to edit out my stupid question, but thanks for confirming... doh... $140 for sexy young chick with vice tight pussy for 1 hour... in my dreams!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd June 2012, 08:17 AM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here is the link to her ad on Cracker. Should have put that in the original post.

AAAAA:::EMI From Philippines,>>>> only $150 - Kangaroo Point | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd June 2012, 06:10 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste of her Cracker ad:





			
				Hello, Im Demi from the Philippines, come to Brisbane on holiday. Im 23 yo, have long hair and a tight body, which I would love for you to make the most of in our time together.

I offer a truly passionate and intimate service that you will not soon forget. I will give you that Girl Friend Experience that you have been searching for.

I enjoy what I do, and ensure that we both get the most out of our encounter. I like to take my time and put you at ease from the first time we meet.

My Rates: 
Incalls: 
30 mins $150 
45 mins $200 
60 mins $220 
2 hours $400 

Outcalls: 
30 mins $200 
60 mins $270 
2 hours $520 
4 hours $1000 

Please, no private numbers. 
Love Demi.


