Thread Title: Di - Pimpama - 0473 540 297
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th June 2017, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: Mojomax
Post Title: 
 Di - Pimpama - 0473 540 297
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Di

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Mid June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0473 540297/Pimpama/Locanto

Hours of Business : Unsure, mornings preferable

Rates : Advertises 100-150 Short Time, 250 PH

Age : late 40's

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : I've seen Di on numerous occasions, both up in Pimpama and at her old address in Coomera. Di's a mature lady and on the larger side, boobs look huge in her Locanto ad, but in the flesh are probably a little smallish for her overall size. Di has a huge booty though, which more than makes up for the mid-range boobs, she's completely upfront about her attributes and if you're looking for a young and skinny girl Di's definitely not for you. If, however, you want someone on the older, larger and more experienced side Di's service is top notch and I've never failed to leave her place with a smile on my face. 

Di's service is a genuine, comprehensive GFE and, as such, in my opinion excellent value for money. Her service is a true GFE with passionate French kissing and plenty of foreplay. Di's blow jobs are top-notch and her tongue loves wandering down south with ample ball licking and sucking too. There's plenty on options on the menu - Di delivers a real GFE and beyond, she has great muscle control and a surprisingly tight pussy for a large lady, as I've mentioned her oral is excellent and anal's on the menu too. One more thing, Di squirts - the first time I've experienced this and it certainly added another dimension to the session.

I've always come away satisfied and with a smile on my face, Di never clock watches and she provides that increasingly rare thing of awesome service at a reasonable price. The only small potential negatives are (1) she can be hard to book as she house shares and (2) there can be one of her (female) housemates around. They know what she does and it never bothers me, but something to be aware of.


