Thread Title: Di - Brisbane - 0422 978 164
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2011, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: Ricky Bobby
Post Title: 
 Di - Brisbane - 0422 978 164
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Di

Establishment : Her townhouse. Very nicely kept and clean  

Date of Visit: 15/02/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:dibrisbaneescort.com

Hours of Business: Monday to Friday from 9 am or earlier by prior arrangement 
Weekends ~ by prior arrangement 
Over night booking at least 2 days notice needed. 


Rates:½ hour   $150.00 
1 hour   $200.00 
1½ hours   $250.00 
2 hours   $300.00 




Age: I would say mid 40's but as she says on her website she does look younger. Energy is certainly not an issue 

Size/shape: About a size 16 but not BBW. Nicely curved

Nationality or Ethnicity: AUS

Services Provided: CBJ, DFK, DATY, Handjob, Sex but not greek

Value for money/recommend?: OUtstanding value for money. Not a clockwatcher.

My experience/comments: (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

I spent 2 hours with Di and it started with some nice french kissing as I walked in the door. She loves to kiss and hug. Moving up to the bedrooom. I had a showed before a good 10 minute CBJ session with me standing and her on her knees. Proceed to have missionary, cowgirl and reverse until I came. Followed by kissing and hugging again, handy and working up to session 2. Missionary and doggy finishing her on her stomach. 

Di is a very active participant and is very good at her job. A true GFE in every sense of the word.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th March 2011, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: Olley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good report bro - thanks.  Was it very hard to get an appointment with Di?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th March 2011, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: Ricky Bobby
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No, a bit quiet post floods I think. She wasn't affected but the area close to her was. You could certainly still see the after effects in the general area.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th December 2011, 12:11 PM
Poster ID: Beaker01
Post Title: 
 Di Queensland - Brisbane - 0422 978 164
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Di

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 9/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0422 978 164 - Di - Escort Services - Brisbane, Qld, Australia

Hours of Business: 9:30 - 7pm

Rates:$350

Age:Mature - 40s

Size/shape:BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Great value for money unrushed

My experience/comments:

Hi all here is my first review on this site with a lovely lady. Di is a very friendly lady, she put you at easy straight away.  She got a great sense of humour and is a great sport to chat to.  Di is a BBW, so if you are into petit ladies, Di may not be for you.  however if you want great company and fuck like crazy Di is definitely to way to go.

We did a dinner date, where we had a nice chat while having a meal, once we arrived in my apartment, it was on for young and old!!!!  She did not waste any time to get stuck into the action.  She does a great GFE with fantastic cuddles and deep French kisses.  Her blow job technique is insane, I had to take is easy not blow early.

The sex was great, again she anticipated the timing perfectly so she utilised our time to the full.  Her fucking skills are amazing.

The whole experience was very relaxed, we enjoyed a glass of red in the mean time, just great all round.

I will definitely see Di again!

Beaker01


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th December 2011, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Di used to bareback a lot and was on an adult dating site looking for casual fuck buddies several years ago ... I would say she is a genuine nymph in the game for cock rather than $ ....


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th December 2011, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: Beaker01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good on her though, she doing a good job.  By the way she still does a little BBBJ which was very refreshing.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd April 2012, 01:03 PM
Poster ID: DiQld
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks guys,  just t let you know I have new premises 6 mins northwest of the CBD.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th October 2013, 12:13 AM
Poster ID: yhawke
Post Title: 
 Di - BBW Brisbane
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Di

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Early September 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Di - Escort Services - Brisbane, Qld, Australia

Hours of Business : Mon -Sat 10am to 7pm

Rates : FS - 250 ph, other rates on website

Age : Around 50 I think but looks 40

Size/shape : Curvy size 16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service, offers Nuru as well.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, take a look at her pics and if she is your cup of tea go for it.

My experience/comments : 

Hi everyone, I apologise in advance, if you've been on the Brissie punting scene for any amount of time then you'd definitely already know about Di, however as she's only one of three ladies I've seen in the last 3 months she will have to do for my first two reviews.

I hadn't been with a pro for a few years and decided to break the drought with Di. I'm always really nervous with a girl I've never seen before and when Di answered the door I managed to stammer out a hello and introduced myself. Di was most welcoming and greeted me with a kiss, her breath was sweet and minty, she was dressed in lingerie with thigh high stockings, garters and high heels and I got a great view of her arse as she led me up the stairs to her bedroom. We got the business things out of the way first and then came easily one of the top five punts I have had. Definite GFE as we DFK for a bit until I pulled down her bra and sucked her nipples and fondled her tits. Now normally by this stage any nerves I have are usually gone but for some reason my hands were still trembling so Di decided to take charge and pushed me back onto the bed while she positioned herself to suck me. "Grab one of the pillows so you get a better view" she told me. She knelt down beside the bed and slid the rubber on with her mouth and proceeded to give me the best blowjob I HAVE EVER HAD! Now this wasn't one of those suck you hard and fast job most girls do just so they can get you to cum, this was a slow, sensual classy blowjob. Running her tongue up the length of my shaft, flicking the tip of my cock with her tongue, deepthroating, cupping and playing with my balls, and all while staring into my eyes. I couldn't believe I was lasting so long but she knew instinctively when to ease up so I wouldn't blow too soon. I couldn't believe it but my nerves still hadn't settled and Di joked around to try and calm me down, "It's okay, we've seen each other naked, I've had your cock in my mouth", I had to laugh at that. She then got up and straddled me for some cowgirl and at long last I calmed down. "If I knew all I had to do to stop you shaking was sit on your cock I would have ripped your clothes off and jumped on you the moment you walked through the door", she teased while leaning down for some more DFK and also so I could get my mouth around her tits again. Now apart from being nervous the first time with a girl I'm also pretty submissive so I laid back and let Di grind on my cock for a bit longer than I normally do until I suggested doggy style. "Sure", she told me, "I like it when a man drives". She turned around and bent over for me and I ran my hands over her lovely round bum for a bit before sticking my cock into her pussy. I started fucking her with one hand on her arse cheeks and the other reaching round to grab a handful of boobies, but I couldn't last too much longer so I grabbed her hips and thrust deep into her while I blew my load. Now I reckon I would have been right on my 30 mins but we laid back on the bed and chatted for about 10 mins before I had my shower and then probably another 5 mins talking after I got dressed so definitely no rushing you out the door. She gave me a kiss goodbye and off I skipped with a big smile on my face. I haven't been back to see her yet mainly because I've been slack and don't want to drive over to the southside but next time I'm gonna book her for longer and maybe try her Nuru massage. She's been nominated for best sole operator of the year as well.

Anyway like I said this is probably old news to most Brisbane punters and my other initial review is gonna be about another well known girl as well but hopefully in the next few months I will do some true punting and maybe find you all an unknown gem. I used to lurk around at the AE forums for years but I guess it's time I started pulling my weight and contributing.

Good Punting to you all, 
The Hawke


Floor: #9
Post Time: 13th October 2013, 06:43 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Di's web pages seem not to work that well (with my browser, Firefox),

Here's the 'About page',





			
				Hi Lover,

If you cant reach me on the phone you can either drop me a text or email me…

Manners and pleasantries win my attention first.

I am in my late 40′s although I get told I look younger, but I would you to make your own mind up.

I’m an Australian lady with long, silky, honey blonde hair. I have seductive dark brown eyes and a cheeky willing smile. I have a wicked sense of humour and enjoy a good laugh as much as I enjoy my men.

I have a soft, sexy, curvy body with DD cup, natural breasts and I love nothing more than wearing sexy sheer lingerie, stockings and high heels to greet you at the door and give you a welcoming seductive smile and kiss that hints at what might happen.

I simply love it when you can’t help but reach out and touch me as we adjourn to my upstairs bedroom. I enjoy being touched even though my main focus is you, I love to give, therefore your pleasure is my pleasure.

I can be sensuous, playful, ....... and loving, depending on how we get on and what your needs are, I am happy to be dominant or submissive and will eagerly take my lead from you. I am always very willing to please and I want to make you feel incredible.

I love what I do and regard you as my lover and adore it when you mirror my passion.

I want you to feel fantastic for no other reason than you deserve it.

Kisses Di  xx

Up and coming tours:

Exact Tour Dates will be posted here when I have them.

If you are not in Brisbane and would like to see me please send me a text or email (including a name and location) and I will send a text to Tom, Dick, Harry or John text letting you know that I am coming and give you at least a week to get organised.

I must apologise to everyone waiting up north. I have had to put my touring north on hold due to accommodation difficulties until we get a decision from the March appeal. If you wish to see any future tours by sex workers in QLD then Help us to Help you

NEXT TOUR -

If you have contacted me and/or seen me before and you havent heard from me a week before my advertised arrival then please contact me for my availability.

Due to the 2013 political and economic conditions, I have chosen not to tour this year to ensure that I do not interfere with the other ladies in those areas.

Melb – Unknown

Syd – Jan 2014

Last Melb trip was December 2012.

Last Syd trip was Sep 2011

I only saw gentlemen that I have seen previously or that have contacted me previously. Thanks guys had a great time.

I will be more than happy to meet new gentlemen on my next tour and I will be staying in the CBD. If you would like to see me please contact me either by sending an email or calling me directly.

I tour because I have enough requests to fill my dance card and make it worth my while. If you would like to see me on any of my tours you would be best to let me know, When I announce dates for a tour you will need to book early as I contact those that have requested to see me again and I only leave a few times available for new clients.

Please check the rates page for tour rates and special tour rates

If you would like to see me come to your town make a booking or at least express an interest via my contact page
Kisses Di xx


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th November 2013, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great write ups here, thanks all for sharing. She sounds great!
Planning to visit her sometime soon - watch for my post!
A confident BBW & Mature, somehow really does it for me


Floor: #11
Post Time: 2nd May 2014, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: Mojomax
Post Title: 
 Di - Sinnamon Park Qld -  0422 978 164
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Di

Establishment: private – Sinnamon Park	

Date of Visit: 2/2/14	

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  dibrisbaneescort.com  or 0422 978164

Hours of Business: see website

Rates:$250 p/h

Age: Mature – mid to late forties

Size/shape: BBW, pretty face and great smile 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Not cheap, but first rate service

My experience/comments:

I’ve been lucky enough to have seen Di a few times, I’m Gold Coast based and her location isn’t ideal for me but the quality of service keeps me going back. Di’s been working for a while now, I first saw her 5 or 6 years ago, she seems to get better with age and her service is consistently good.

Di operates from a modern two-storey house on a small estate in Sinnamon Park. She invariably greets you with a hug and a passionate kiss. One of the highlights for me is following her the stairs to the bedroom and admiring that booty!

Di is, I think, in her mid to late forties but looks younger. I find her pretty and she has a terrific personality and a great smile. She is fairly short, around 165cm and I’d class her as a BBW. She isn’t a spring chicken and if you’re looking for a slim, and taut girl then Di isn’t the one for you. If, however, you like a little more meat on the bones, something to grab hold of and absolutely awesome service then DI should be high on your list. I’m sure other punters may differ, but my preference is for a slow and sensual service – just like a wife or girlfriend and Di always delivers on that front but, unlike most wives or girlfriends, she knows where every button is and how to push them. 
Without going into every details, Di is excellent in the sack and I’ve never left disappointed or felt rushed. She has a wide range of services and prices, all listed on her website.


