Thread Title: Dominique - Southport - 0424 743 469
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2014, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Dominique - Southport - 0424 743 469
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dominique

Establishment : Private Appartment from Southport Central shared with 2 other working girls. 

Date of Visit : Monday 28 April 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 743 469 - Busty brunette aussie southport, Southport - Also advertises fairly regularly in the Gold Coast Bulletin

Hours of Business : Depends on her need to work

Rates : 150 / half - 250 / hour + Extras

Age : Early 40's

Size/shape : Size 12 - 14, Fucking enormous boobs, nice ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS,  DFK, BBBJ, Spanish, Toys on her 

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not value for money but I'd strangely recommend it. 

My experience/comments :

So I had seen Dominque's name pop around advertising for a long while however, one reason or another, the stairs would just not line up. Fast Forward to today, and after having an enjoyable time in the Valley of Kim's tits, I was feeling horny as and needed the full nine yards (and no there is no gestapo to provide me with such). I saw Dom's ad and soon enough a phone call was made and quick sticks. A few texts here and there, and after managing not to eat shit on the wet slippery tiles of the Southport Central Complex, I made it up to her appartment. 

Usual hide behind the door bullshit ensued, and here Dom was wearing a gown over some black lingerie and first thing I noticed were her ginormous tits. Her Face although nice enough, shows her age a bit as she does have some freckles and you can tell that on her face which may be the reason for the use of the dark rooms. Dom lead me into a rather dark room, gave me a nice yet quick kiss and after payment was made, DFK was full steam ahead as Dom worked her way through my clothes which led to a nice BBBJ, which was a nice surprise for this day and age. 

After some nice BBBJ and DATY in 69, Dom made her way into reverse cowgirl and cowgirl before I finally finished off in Doggie. During the interlude Dom was quick to lube up some toys as soon all holes were occupied by a dildo, a vibrator and my dick and soon enough Dom was quick to bring herself to orgasm.

I suggested it was time for the next round to which she informed me that she only had one condom and besides the hour was almost upon us. At this stage I wasn't overly happy but I settled on titty fucking her enormous tits whilst straddling her, I guess I kinda got a silver lining. What ultimately annoyed me though was the hearing of a phone alarm informing Dom of time being up, Dom was at least sympathetic to my need to cum a second time which was a good thing but I really don't like the whole use of an alarm clock, it is really tacky!

Eventually I came, had a quick shower got dressed and went my own way. Whilst I got dressed I thought Dom was being a touch stand off ish or maybe cold, but I just would wish she would have been as friendly for the entire booking. I finally left only to notice I would have only just been there for an hour even after going ten minutes into the alarm clock and having a shower etc. This shocked me as she was quite a nice person and an even better root. Now I don't know what her MO here is as she may have been wanting to just get up and go home ASAP but I refuse to pay for time spent in the shower and getting changed, and I think i've commented on other threads before. Put it this way, working in the legal profession, I charge clients for most things I do including reading emails etc, but that doesn't mean I can charge them for waiting for my computer to turn on or the time taken to get my morning, midday or afternoon coffee! Just my two cents on this issue. 

All in all, pretty good service, but I'd probably suggest to those wanting to see the cannon balls to book for the half hour only. 

Happy Punting


