Thread Title: Elizabeth - Maryborough, QLD - 0413 029 965
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th April 2016, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Elizabeth - Maryborough, QLD - 0413 029 965
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lizzy

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 03/04/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 029 965
 
Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $100 / 30 min

Age : early 40's

Size/shape : 10 / slimmish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / 50/50

Review: Well, not sure what I experienced, a long thunderstorm of epic proportionsReview:  I would say,  pleasant enough over the phone, very willing to hand over any information you require, can be hard to get hold off as well, took me maybe 4 days to finally actually speak to her, forget the text message if you have never seen her, when I finally seen her she explained she works very casual, all depending on her grown kids, there kids, you get the pic some times can be working all week other times can be missing for a whole week, so my advice, dont wait around on the day for her to be available.

Arrived as a cleanish small villa, greeted by a nice women, easy to talk to but for sure weather beaten face, a ok figure, her boobs while being a tad saggy are nice, when riding you and she arches her back a little they are quiet the nice view. Anyways paid my fee, into her bedroom where she has porn on the tele she loves porn by the way, she is wearing a nice sexy gown no underwear and a bra, so I strip off and with out any waiting she latches onto my cock with her mouth and proceeds to suck cock, at first was a little to hard, so nicely asked to ease up on the suctions, she did no problems to turn it into a cock sucking master class, taking time to play with the balls all the while giving the cock the lions share off attention, 15 min standing up as she sucked cock like a champion, before I asked if i could lay down, no problems lay down to another 15 min of cock sucking, taking the time to nicely play with my balls and ass, moaning and slurping away, she really gave a great cock sucking session then some....Onto a nice 69er as I begged to eat her pussy, so for the next 15 mine a solid well received 69er ensued, that is right before the fucking there was around 45-50 min of cock sucking...remember I paid for 30 min session here boys.

She was ready for the fucking, she spits on my cock, even though she was ultra wet, she spits and wanks it for about 2 min, before hoping on for a lush fucking, she really gets into this aspect of her service, she loves being fucked, nice grinding her pussy right down the shaft of my cock, this went on for about 5 min before she asks if I would like to take over and fuck her, sure thing, she slowly hops off, while sucking my cock clean of her juice, lays down and i proceed to fuck her nice, she wants it hard and fast, I just wanted to now blow my load, so a solid 5 min of fucking before game over, i spill my beans deep inside her nice pussy, a bit of a cuddle and a 5 min small talk before I am the one who says I best be getting going.

Overall: Look if you want a really good fuck, great sucking, basically a girl who wont short change you and will fuck you silly, enjoys doing what she does and you dont mind her weather beaten face but very much a ok figure on the Coast, she is most certainly your babe, wont break the bank, not a clock watcher though I get the feeling alot wont last past the 20 min mark with the way she sucks cock. If you are more dont care how they fuck but you need them to be pretty, great body, maybe side step this one. For me a great great session that lasted about 75-80 min. Great skills and a great fuck.

Rating: 8/10 (just her weather beaten face stopped a 10)

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th April 2016, 05:14 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Spent a frenzied 30 min session with this MILF, she does love the cock, sucking it I mean, a good 20 min of the session was cock sucking, and at a kinetic pace, slapping, spitting, deepthroating, gagging, sucking you name it, she loves sucking cock, she wont let up, after about 10 min of this I got her around so I could finger her ass and pussy and eat her out, she cummed and you know its a real orgasm her body just quakes and she "glows" while she lapped up the cock. When I was ready and she left it up to me (if i had more time I would of let her go another 30 min sucking) I motioned for her to lay down so i could fuck her silly, 5 min of pumping and the end result was her fucking me for a solid minute after I blew then a snuggle. She said she loves when I come to see her, she is always spent after the session - seen her 5 times now in about 2 weeks. 

Had to get out of there and back to the bay for a inspection otherwise would of probably stayed another hour or so. 

No real review, its up there already but a real top notch fuck that is to be sure all for $70 all she wanted even though I was sweet with the $100 & when she found the money she gave me $50 back, So on my way out left her another $20 .  If she likes you and you see her a few time she will give you her personal mobile, as she said to me she does like a break for a week or 2 before only working a week at tops, because she really goes all out it really makes her tired but with no partner she has a few guys who have her private number and is always up for a good fuck. As she said shame I had to go as she was going to make me a coffee and snuggle for a while and have more sex. Another thing about this MILF is she likes me to put the money in the kitchen somewhere she will find it but not to tell her, as she likes with certain guys not to think of it as a paid experience more a randy horny couple. 

Really is a sweet women, rough around the edges for sure, but a really sweet kind hearted lady.

P4P


