Thread Title: Ella Mendez Brazilian - cairns - 0482599080
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th February 2020, 08:50 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Ella Mendez Brazilian - cairns - 0482599080
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ella Mendez 

Establishment : pvt

Date of Visit : feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/Ella_Mendez/

https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ella-mendez

Phone : 0482599080

Hours of Business : txt to find out

Rates : 250 for 30 plus 100 for bbbj

Age : 20's

Size/shape : average height, quite thick and well built but still slim big fake tits and big ass. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian 

Services Provided : bbbj daty kissing sex

Value for money/recommend? : yeh but nah. 

My experience/comments : 

She was touring cairns. And I messaged a day before she arrived to organise a time with not much luck. Her English isn't the best. The following morning the time changed from 11 to midday. With a few messages and then nothing. I waited and waited. Didn't have much to do. I also didn't know where she was located so I just sort of wandering around town enjoy cairns. 

Around 5 or 6 I receive a apology and set a time for 7pm. 

in the apartment she said she was very sorry and forgot about my booking etc and feel asleep and had to do some things or something. It didn't matter. She was very atttracrive. Her English not so great. And we used translate a few times to get small talk underway. 

In in the bedroom. We start with a bit of kissing and I ask for bbbj a extra 100 she says. Brings the total to 350 and her scarlet blue profile says you can get a hour for 400 with or without bbbj I'm not sure. But anyway. I say 50. She accepts. Secret. I thought it would be nice of her to do for 50 considering she stuffed up my booking earlier. 

Lots of eye contact. Very sexy. Slow but pretty good. Not great but nice enough. We do 69 as well as me daty. She seems to enjoy it. Big clit. Very big. If that's your thing. I like it. Sex was good. Very tight pussy. Seems to love it and get into it. Kissing cowgirl. I'm about to blow and with still 15 mins to go I think why not. She plays with herself while I shot a load over my stomach. Quick tidy up. I start talking she seems to enjoy the little chat so I'm thinking I should be able to get myself over the line again but she wraps up the talking before I even have a chance to ask if I can cum again. 

I tell her ive still got lots of time left. She said she working. I said yes with me. I paid 30 mins. Doesn't matter. She thinks her job is done and I'm not going to bother arguing. Even if we talked for a little longer would of been nice. I should of mentioned I wanted to cum twice in my 30 but I really didn't think it would matter. The least I expected was a little bit more of a chat but I was sort of shuffled out with a bit of time to spare. She offers a 15 min service which I should of gone for if I knew this was the case. 

Overall, hot, good sex, bit expensive with the bbbj being extra and a bummer no cum twice and shuffled out before time over. Possible would see again because of the hotness. But plenty of other fish in the sea.


