Thread Title: Ella (Korean) - Brisbane (CBD) - 0435 808 120
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2011, 06:38 AM
Poster ID: ROFLMan
Post Title: 
 Ella (Korean) - Brisbane (CBD) - 0435 808 120
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ella

Date of Visit: 8 Jun 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: M on Mary, 70 Mary Street

Hours of Business: she works late. She had an outcall after 10:30pm. We left her place together.

Rates: $130 half an hour

Age: around 20

Size/shape: She's got a petite figure. Nice firm A-B cup tit

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: IN/Outcalls.... in bed, anything you want pretty much.

Value for money/recommend?: I didn't get VFM!!!!!!!

My experience/comments: The first thing to know about this "lady" is that she does watch the time. 30 minutes starts running the second you walk in the door. 30 minutes ends three minutes after her alarm says so. She doesn't care if you're going to finish your business soon or not. 

From the beginning then. I called this number and I was told to go to 79 Albert Street which is pretty much across the street from 70 Mary. Then I called her again and she gave me a new address on Mary Street. Then I walk across the street and call her again. She asked me to go to the intercom and dial the room number 1209 and press the bell button. Then she asks me to do it again. 1309 this time. and then 1209 again. I don't even remember which one it was. Anyway, I got in and the girl in the room told me it wasn't her. It's her friend who answers the phone. Obviously she's got a few girls working for her so she directs you to the wrong address sometimes. Ella said she gets half and her friend gets half of what you pay.

Ok I was there, gave her the money and headed for the shower, not knowing that my time was running already. Then I come out and sit on the bed with her. Nothing happens. She's wearing a nurse's outfit. Nothing happens. I try to talk to her... "so you're Korean?"  "Yes." ....  "...are you shy?" .... "I think you're shy too..." .... so it takes a while to get down to business!! You have to be very directive with this lady. She said she's been doing this for one month only so she's quite fresh. I tasted her but obviously spent too much time doing that. When it finally was fuck time, she said I had three minutes left. ......... she kept saying sorry when my time was up. I could taste her blood in my mouth long afterwards and not only because it was that time of the month.

Her body looked great. Just imagine a 19 year old Korean girl. She was probably 20 or 21 but not older.


