Thread Title: Elle Knox - Brisbane, QLD - 0414 154 063
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: -CM-
Post Title: 
 Elle Knox - Brisbane, QLD - 0414 154 063
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Elle Knox

Establishment: Private  

Date of Visit: 6/10/16  

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0414 154 063 | Ad https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/elle-knox 

Hours of Business: See ad  Rates: $600 (1 hour)  

Age: Early 20s  

Size/shape: Curvy  

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian  

Services Provided: Full Service  

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, if her rates aren't an issue  

My experience/comments:  

Booking Elle was a simple process. Before officially announcing her tour, she was putting out feelers on Twitter about the possibility of touring Sydney. Thankfully there was enough interest and Elle quickly let me know that the tour would go ahead and I was officially booked in once my deposit went through. She also accommodated to a rescheduling I required closer to the date - no problems at all and sorted without fuss. The rescheduling was partially because I anticipated last minute issues with my personal life, but also because I just couldn't wait an extra two days to see her. With luck I ended up being her first Sydney client. Happy days!  
On the day of the booking, she asked me which lingerie I would like her to wear. If I had requests, I'd normally cover that in the initial contact, but because her pictures show she looks fantastic no matter what, I had to make the final call on the day of the booking. In a decision two and a half weeks in the making, I ended up requesting the white lingerie featured in her current advertising. She gladly obliged, and I was just as happy to see that when we were behind closed doors, she delivered on the request.  Speaking of which, Elle is in fact the beautiful girl in the pictures she uses. I put 100% real in the template due to the professional pictures and selfies looking quite close to the real deal. In this instance, the professional pictures weren't so much about hiding flaws and/or to mislead, but rather about a photographer wanting to showcase solid work. Thankfully with social media, especially with girls that show their face like Elle does, we have the ability to make up our own minds on this subject.  On the subject of her service, I booked Elle for one hour and went with her GFE service. The recommendation on her ads for introductions is for an hour and a half, but there was no issues with me making the booking for just one hour, and I never felt at any point there was an issue with booking for a little less than the ideal time. Actually, I felt things couldn't go any better.  Due to Queensland law, girls can't elaborate on their services in their ads, but I will say that her GFE service was what you'd typically expect. 
With Elle on my lap, conversation with her was quite the struggle at first. Not because neither of us were comfortable enough with one another, but because she looked way too good for me to focus. It didn't take us long at all to head up to the bedroom where I would quickly notice various toys on the bedside tables. I assumed they were for her PSE bookings, so I initially ignored them, but I later pushed my luck and asked if she could use one of them on her clit while she rode on top of me. Thankfully for me, she was most obliging, and it was one of the hottest sights! Actually, I would say that there wasn't a slight that I didn't like throughout the whole booking.  As well as Elle riding on top, Elle sitting on my face was just wonderful. She wouldn't have even needed to give me a blowjob, although I obviously got one of those as well. The Queensland guys don't have to worry about her blowjobs at all. Her technique could finish off most guys. If she has her ass in your face, you won't have much choice in the matter.  As I said before, Elle is pure quality. 
My time with her was most enjoyable. I can only speak for myself, but I feel we just clicked. Everything went perfectly from what I recall and her smile will be in my memory for quite some time. To me, she comes across with a sweet, almost innocent-like vibe, but there's also a naughty side to her that's ever so fun to explore.  Would I see her again should our schedules align and the money can be spent? Hell yes! Maybe if there's a next time, I might just book her with another girl. I imagine booking her with another curvy girl would be fantastic! It's just a shame that she's in Brisbane and I'm not...


