Thread Title: Escort service – 20, Rockhampton
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th April 2017, 10:10 PM
Poster ID: robchap
Post Title: 
 Escort service – 20, Rockhampton
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : April2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://rockhampton.locanto.com.au/ID...ervice-20.html contact through locanto messages

Hours of Business : 

Rates : I paid 170 for hh incall

Age : 20

Size/shape : slim with a bit of a tummy coming through (she just changed her ad to say shes pregnant)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, BBFS, DATY, no kissing, no BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Eh, not for the incall

My experience/comments : I was feeling pretty toey one in the paper was answering, so I tried this girl on locanto. Messaging was straightforward and agreed to the incall w/ protection for 170, and was given the address so off I went.

I thought she was fairly attractive, dark hair, wearing just pyjama type shorts and a t-shirt. The pic on the ad is outdated, however her profile pic is recent, her boobs are bigger than in the ad and she has a bit of a tummy coming on (she now advertises as pregnant).

Anway she leads me under the house in the dark to a room with a bare mattress (mattress in her profile pic) and bare concrete floor, it didn't look or smell clean. But I was there, and i thought she was cute so I went for it. She asked how my weekend was going, and that was about it for conversation.  No kissing or BJ from her as she explained but she let me go down on her and i think she got one good orgasm and a little one or two. Then we has sex doggy style, she had a lovely small, soft arse that was I didnt last long. Once I was done I was offered a pillow case to clean up with, the  she was handing me my keys and phone as I was dressing.

I was probably out of there in 25 minutes total. WIR - definitely not as an incall, 20 for the privilege of a filthy bare mattress and it made me think we were shooting a scene in Trainspotting. If it was an outcall in a motel, I dunno, I'd give a solid maybe? It was a starfish experience, but she just kinda had a look that did it for me so I couldnt say I wouldnt, but its difficult to recommend. 

As per her ad she offers BBFS, for only 50 extra so if thats what you're after its probably a bargain for a caucasian in Australia.

Once it was


