Thread Title: Eve - Rockhampton - 0455 657 794
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th January 2020, 10:06 PM
Poster ID: ballbag
Post Title: 
 Eve - Rockhampton - 0455 657 794
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eve

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : January/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/Eve1994/

Phone : 0455 657 794

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 

30 min $200
1 hr $350
2 hr $600
3 hr $800
4 hr $1200

Age : 25

Size/shape : Busty and curvy Size 18 with a G cup chest

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yep

My experience/comments :

Once again got an itch... Had my eye on Eve's ad for some time and decided to shoot of a text. Got a reply back in about 20 minutes and arranged a time. Time comes around and I arrive at her house. Shes waiting at the front door in a nice revealing nightie. We have a small chat and make our way down towards the bedroom. Financial are taken care of and she asks me what I want. We start off with a nice BBBJ. She does this well... veeerrrrrryy well. Now I hadn't unloaded in about 3 weeks so it did not take me long to get to the edge. I had to ask her to use more tongue and slow down for a bit. We were only 5 minutes into a 1 hour session. I ask her to get a rubber and I get myself up against the headboard of the bed with her legs wrapped around my waist with myself balls deep inside her very warm and wet pussy. I bury my face in those nice tits (she likes them roughed up a bit) and have her grinding on me and before too long I've decided I want to cum. I flip her over that thrash away in missionary for a bit and when the time comes I get myself over her face and she goes to town on 'lil ballbag. Now I'm not what I'd call myself a "big cummer" but it turns out I've filled her mouth up more than anyone else ever has. ??? ok then. did I win anything?

no... I didn't win anything but now its only been about 15-20 minutes. I know I could cum again but I need a few more minutes to reload... We lay down next to each other and have a great conversation that lasts the rest of the session... turns out she likes me. could've been a role play kinda thing or genuine I don't know. But its now been about an hour and I suggest we go again. She asks me if I have any more money to which I say $50 and she agrees. she starts off with another BBBJ and since I've already cum once I can truly enjoy this one without the impending shot being loaded just yet. I enjoy this for quite some time and then I reach for another condom. She gets it on me and I get her on top of me for some cowgirl. She really got off on this. She was as wet and warm as... fuck I don't know. wet and warm. We carry on with this for some time and then I push her off me onto her back quite forcefully, I get her into missionary again and thrust away with my mouth sucking on those nipples. Shes squirming and making various noises and after about 40 seconds of this, I make a deposit onto her belly. She laughs and tells me how good that was and I lean back a bit and just rub the inside of her leg for a minute.

I then go and have a quick shower and she tells me as I'm leaving quote "please come back..." to which I say "sure will"







I then went and had some KFC


what a morning


