Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th August 2016, 11:31 AM
Poster ID: ducati996guy
Post Title: 
 Evie/Jamie - Mount Gravatt - 0431 238 926
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rikki or Coco, cant really recall.

Establishment :  Private House Berge street Mount Gravatt

Date of Visit : 8th August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_91...Titty-Fuk.html

Hours of Business : 10am to late

Rates : $130 for half hour

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : chubby asian

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore she said, maybe right but unlikely I think

Services Provided : Full service covered BJ

Value for money/recommend? : nope

My experience/comments : 

I was doing some work on the Gold Coast and heading back to Brisbane decided i fancy some release. A quick check on the usual websites came up with a couple of options. I text 2 and a few mins later get response from this lady. She sounded ok and I asked twice was she the same as the photos and got a definite 100%.

I drove to the agreed street and then after quite a wait, was given the house number. This is an older QLD style lowset house with a large car port. This was very well lit. I knocked onthe door and a girl who looked like a larger and less attractive version of the girl in the advert opened the door. I wasnt sure and didn't want to open my phone again to check so I just went with it. Big mistake.

She showed me to the room which was in pretty poor condition. When i asked for a shower it was like a surprise question. So then she showed me to the shower. After the shower she helped me towel down and I lay down on the bed. A crappy massage followed with little pushes and pulling but no oil or anything remotely resembling a decent massage. After some of this, she asked me to roll over and grabbed a dom. I was like whoa, wait a tic as I wasn't even close to hard. So asked for some more massage and she was like "you have no time, is 30 mins and you shower already". So I was surprised to see she was a clock watcher and also counted the shower time as part of the deal.

I suggested she start massaging the old fella and was thinking what a waste of $130. Anyway I focused and she got active so in a few minutes my guys was ready. I assume then she thought I wanted to be jacked off so was really going hard at it. I had to stop her and suggest she grab the dom. She slips this on and then pushes me aside so she can lay on her back. I was not at all interested in this as it wasnt an attractive site.

I got her to move into doggy style and she was quite wet, more on this later. Anyway I slide in and she starts complaining the way these girls do sometimes. I was only half in so it was clearly bullshit. I kept going and grabbed her hips. Then started to get into a rhythm.  She pulled away and then looked around exclaiming "you cum already". I look down and see there is a bubble at the top of the dom and some white froth on the inside makes it look like cum.

I tell her I haven't and deflate the bubble. We continue and she wiggles from side to side trying to make it hard for me to get inside her for any depth. Eventually I blow and we separate. She takes the dom off and does the usual tissue thing. I head to the shower. As I am in the shower she comes and uses the hand basin to splash some water around the nether regions. Then uses a towel to dry off. By the time I am out of the shower she is getting dressed, I am like WTF. This explains the wetness cause clearly she is not showering between punters.

Anyway I leave and put it down to experience. A total dud and if I wasn't so stupid I could of saved $130.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th August 2016, 12:08 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Please dont post the full address of Private Working or Massage Ladies. Street and suburb or just suburb is good. Do include phone numbers please.
The name in her Locanto advert is Evie, so I have changed the title.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2017, 12:57 AM
Poster ID: matey2
Post Title: 
 Jamie from Japan - Backpage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jamie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15th Jan 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? Half hour $120 One hour $180 Special today only - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not supplied

Rates : $120 - 30mins; $180 - 60mins

Age : ~35

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS 

Value for money/recommend? : NO! Avoid!

My experience/comments : Claims to be a 21 y.o. Japanese with big titties. But, you get there and find she's a 35 y.o. Chinese with small titties, a saggy belly, narrow hips and no arse. The photos are all fake, despite texting me that they were real and including another fake one. I should have addressed her in Japanese (which I can speak), to call her bluff. She operates out of a regular house in Mount Gravatt. She greeted me at the door with a pretty face and a nice smile, but it was down hill from there. Clearly she wasn't the girl in the photos, but the little head took over. She said very little during the whole encounter, but had a Mandarin Chinese accent when she did speak. I quickly showered and was directed to the bed. As soon as I lay down, she sat (not laid) next to me fully clothed and pushed a condom onto ol' Mr Flaccid, no foreplay, nothing. She then lent over and began sucking. I ferreted about under her short black dress and found no panties, so I had a bit of a fiddle. She was wearing a stiff padded bra, so no access there. Half way through I asked her to remove the dress, which she did but left the bra on, and then went back to sucking. When I was half up she stopped, ditched the bra to reveal a pair of small boobies and laid back like a starfish for a regulation servicing. With a bit of lube I got pumping. I lifted her legs up for a better angle and pounded away. She then complained about my 'big dick', which is actually no more than average. After a few mins the job was done and I went for a shower. Basically she offered NONE of the services she claimed in her ad. She was a complete sham - avoid!


