Thread Title: Fantasy - Brisbane - 0478 511 028
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd October 2013, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: smcgrath
Post Title: 
 Fantasy - Brisbane - 0478 511 028
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fantasy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 06/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  http://www.australian-babe.com/babes/queensland/fantasy

Hours of Business : See website

Rates : $350 an hour

Age : Claims to be 25 (I would say mid 30s)

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Saw this WL a few months back and was disappointed.

Having looked at her pics on the AB site, I was attracted to the slender figure especially the long legs. Upon opening the door, I must say I was dissapointed. She was defintely not tall but I will give her the benefit of the doubt and say the pics are indeed her (probably with some touch up here and there).

I was ready for some talking and some seduction but she rushed straight into it. She amost pushed my on the bed (not in a good way) and hopped on next to me.

There was no kissing, just some touching and a token massage.

She hopped on straight away and went to it. We then flipped over we went at it for a few minutes. I had to really concentrate to get over the line.

By this time, we were about 20-25 minutes into an hour booking but I was so disappointed that I declined the massage, got dressed and left.

In summary, try someone else! There appears to be many other WGs in Brisbane to try.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd October 2013, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her Australian-babe page,





			
				Fantasy

Gorgeous Asian Model - Genuine Pics

Hello gentlemen I am Fantasy......

All elegance and true high class.

I can be a playful, affectionate, delightfully fun loving and passionate - all wrapped up in a very sexy GFE package.

With the face of an angel, impossibly long legs and slim yet sexily curvaceous figure I guarantee a pleasure filled and unforgettable adventure into fantasy.

Your real carnal desire will be truly satisfied like never before.
Experience: 

I’m all about seduction - our time will be unrushed and passionately erotic.

I also love a touch of mischief and excitement... that I'm sure you can help with.

Do you have a social event with colleagues or wish for a romantic dinner for two, in any setting you will be proud to have me on your arm.

I always dress in the most appropriate way - elegant yet very sexy.

I am exciting to be around with a lust for a life and a unique warmth and passion that will leave you wanting for more.

I love entertaining, fine dining, stimulating and intelligent yet fun conversation.

During our encounter you will have 100% of my attention; my reputation is central to who I am.

You will be entranced by my beauty and captivated by my charm.... I look forward to our pleasurable encounter....
Pricing: 
Gender	

    Female

Category	
Private Escort
State	Queensland

City	Brisbane

Suburb CBD
Age	25
Height	5' 6
Dress Size	6-8
Bust	D cup

Hair    Long Black

Eyes	Brown
Mobile	0478 511 028
Email	fantacy1017@gmail.com

Availability: Day	Time
Monday	Available 24 hours
Tuesday	Available 24 hours
Wednesday Available 24 hours
Thursday Available 24 hours
Friday	Available 24 hours
Saturday Available 24 hours
Sunday	Available 24 hours


Toys
Touching and cuddling
Sexy lingerie
No greek
No couple
No female

Call me 0478 511 028 or Email fantacy1017@gmail.com

City hotel / appartment
cash only no credit cards

Incall
1/2hr= $200
45mins= $280
1hr= $350

Outcall
1hr= $450

Additional Rates - Cash only.
Caller ID ONLY Blocked numbers not answered - Easy Safe Parking


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th October 2013, 12:49 PM
Poster ID: Granox
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Would be nice to send her a copy of the review above and ask why it didn't resemble her add.  LOL


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st January 2014, 07:59 PM
Poster ID: grassy
Post Title: 
 Joyce - Brisbane - 0478 511 028
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Joyce

Establishment: Private Apartment near Roma Street, Brisbane

Date of Visit: 30/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Joyce - Escort in Brisbane, Queensland | Australian Babe

Hours of Business: 10:00am-Midnight

Rates:Incall is $200 half hour, $280 45mins, $350 hour

Age: 25

Size/shape: Size 8, thin and busty (DD cup)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian (says she was from Hong Kong)

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Good (not great) value for money considering there are numerous hot asians charging less. Would recommend 30mins to see if you click with this one.

My experience/comments: 

Caught up with this gorgeous girl at her apartment in Brisbane just before NYE. She says she is only staying for another month or so, which would be a shame to lose her, but says she will be coming back. She used to go by the name Fantasy a while back. I think she received some bad press on one of the other forums. Something about her and excessive use of the tissues - I didn't get that swabby feeling though. 

Anyway, after making the call I was told I was lucky to get in - she prefers appointments in advance - I made my way there. She seems to put on a different voice over the phone, don't know if she is trying to be sexy LOL. Was a bit put off, but with her images burnt in my mind I lost all control.... Off I go. The pictures are 100% real btw. Walked in the door and there standing in front of me is one of the hottest asian girls I've ever seen and I have seen a lot. She is quite tall. Has one the most perfect bodies, the bust is real or a stunning example of plastic surgery. She asks that I clean myself up and shortly thereafter I find myself in the den of this minx. She gets me down on the bed. I think that she is the sort person you will most either definately click with or you will want to high tail outta there. Don't know how to explain it, but I reckon she could have her bad days (I will go back to see)..... this was a good day. She then helps her and myself to get in the mood and were then pretty much in the 69 position for the next 10 minutes. Now this is only downer, she would only go girl on top for a short while (which I love) and then insisted missionary. It was a little bit starfish in the end. Other than that she was extremely friendly and intimate. If she showed a little bit more energy int he sack, I would never stay away. Would be interested in anyone elses experience. 

Cheers

Grassy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st January 2014, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Those pics are so photoshopped it no longer looks like real human. Much prefer those gonzo mobile phone shots...


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 01:12 AM
Poster ID: grassy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Fuzzynuts


Those pics are so photoshopped it no longer looks like real human. Much prefer those gonzo mobile phone shots..
"""



Fuzzy, gonzo might be right way of putting it. There might be some artistic license in those photo's, bordering Hunter S Thompson? Maybe... Still, not too bad where it matters.


