Thread Title: Fire. Hervey Bay , QLD 0403 544 754
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2017, 11:00 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Fire. Hervey Bay , QLD 0403 544 754
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fire

Establishment : My House

Date of Visit : 11/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403 544 754

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $250 / 1 hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : Slim / 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Bogan

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / yes

My experience/comments : Feeling horny & not after anything from my free roots I get, mainly because they are plain, I come across this add in the local paper, call her up, very easy to chat to, advised price & Im hers to do as i see fit...So gave out the adress & 30 min later Fire - Never asked name & she only said Fire due to her red hair makes her a great fiery fuck. 

Her looks are sort or girl next door, plain yet a good body, but you feeling if she done herself up she would look quiet stunning, but all the same she was easy on the eye, not sure where she is from, she just said if business was ok up here she would be back at the end of the week, so def not a local, so paid the dues.....all bets where off as she unleashed over a hour of frantic fucking, the only time she let up was when I was eating her very tight,shaved, pink & very wet pussy, this is really the only time she calmed herself down, when ever I come up for air she be into fucking & bucking while kissing, dragging myself back down to her pussy seemed to be the only calmness we had. 

Her cock sucking skills where good, spitting, slapping, teasing, all the required skills on show, and show she did, she loves fucking thats all i can say, very coy about her private life, but the fucking was spot on & very enjoyable, she said I could cum more then once in the hour IF we done the 1st round by mid way point, at the midway point I was no where near coming & mentioned to her this is a one shot show, she said well I best make it last the hour, all up she was at mine about 90 min, but a good 20 was unwinding & a cold drink after fucking. 

Fucking was a joy, she knows how to fuck, alot of girls have a fav position (doggy) because well its easy to pretend to enjoy fucking, this girl no matter the position she knew how to fuck, how to move her body, her groin & take charge, while letting me take charge mostly (i think she pretends to let me take charge haha) but she loves fucking, knew when I was about to shoot my money shot & she would slow right down & take the feeling away, so I gather she loves fucking & fucking for long periods. 

Overall: All up a great fuck, just what i required, a young Aussie girl to deliver the goods, and deliver she did. Easy to chat to, easy to fuck, fun girl it seems hides from the world, shame because more men should be able to fuck this girl.

Rating 5/5 great Bogan fuck,

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th March 2017, 06:08 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hope your hot neighbor gets to have a peak of that action happening for a change buddy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th March 2017, 05:57 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by jono87


Hope your hot neighbor gets to have a peak of that action happening for a change budd
"""
 


Well talking about her, she had a massive fight with her bf that night, a few hours before my date got to me, anyways she seen the girl come to my door, next day she said to me, i see you had some entertainment last night, I said yes i got home delivery as i was really hungry, she said I need to be ate for hours....not that my bf will be getting any of this for a while....pointing to her no doubt pretty pussy.

P4P


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th March 2017, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A big envy brother P4P,


While reading all these fucking stories, I wish I don't have a sore back which very much restricted my movements while having sex. and while modesty for a Chinese old man, I probably will be KO by any girl like this in the first 5 min.................lol and while I am not into DATY, so never managed to make a WL/ML feel anything let alone cumming. So I doubted any WL/ML will actually enjoy my session.

So I guess I am rather limited to a quickie fuck if I go FS so much better off stick with a RnT session where I don't really have to perform so not to hurt my own pride...........haha.

But hey, still enjoy reading all these good stuff and how great sex can be, as for yours truly, may be another life time.

Thanks for sharing as always.

Cheers


