Thread Title: Frankie - Sunny Coast, QLD - 0478 057 430
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2016, 08:32 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Frankie - Sunny Coast, QLD - 0478 057 430
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Frankie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12/06/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478 057 430

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $300 / hour

Age : 26

Size/shape : Slim tight

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Frankie was easy to organize a time with, she had a spare few hours where she lives, this is not always available to her but she does do incalls when she has a few spare hours so always inquire. 

I would put Frankie mid 20's sure, 26-27 nice looking girl without being striking, but nice, good body, attractive face & $250 for the hour, she wanted $300 I passed on the way to Brissy then like a hour later I get a offer for $250 because she is very horny….yes right in other words no clients, but was happy enough just needed a hour of fun with a new girl..

SO arrived at her house on the Sunny Coast, you can tell she rents a room and the people have no idea but its ok, make payment, she inspects me and is happy, asks if I wanted a really fast shower to wash down there, so very quick shower she watched, dried off into the room where she proceeded with a good bbbj, plenty of ball licking, head sucking, really changed up a lot and never stayed on the one thing when sucking, a good 20 min, you get the feeling she would stop after a few if you let her, she motioned once like a minute in she wanted fucking, I said no, she said let me know when you want to do something else, I said I will but a good 15-20 of cock sucking and I be happy so after that she never hinted again.

I motioned for some pussy eating, nice fresh smell so dived in, she did mention I was the 1st client for the day so nothing to say this is not true, but she is rather quiet yet fun when eating her pussy, nice looking pussy at that so dived in for some good licking, pretty sure she cummed a couple of times, lived her clit being tongued hard when cumming..Onto the don and sex, missionary, she prefers doggy (obviously guys cum faster & don't need to see our face haha) but with missionary was fine, a good 15 min of gentle – medium then hard fucking and alternating between the 2 before I blew into the dom…All up just what I wanted. Not much more to tell, basic decent hour had, so enjoy

Overall: A good session , as long as you dictate the terms, and get close to a hour I think she is decent value for a mid 20's attractive girl on the Coast, not many up here, so worth a punt…If incall you will have to be lucky  But is she worth $300...prob if you get a full hour of fun then sure, but i think $250 is fine. 

Rating: 3/5 Good solid hour. All you want as a minimum i reckon.

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th November 2016, 01:20 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My experience was that Frankie is visibly an intravenous user. I arrived to see a gaunt and fidgety 30s woman that smelt like shit, had lesions on her face, track marks on her arms and hair that was falling out. It was truly an awkward and sad sight. Perhaps she went downhill rapidly since June?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th November 2016, 09:02 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Solution


My experience was that Frankie is visibly an intravenous user. I arrived to see a gaunt and fidgety 30s woman that smelt like shit, had lesions on her face, track marks on her arms and hair that was falling out. It was truly an awkward and sad sight. Perhaps she went downhill rapidly since June
"""



WOW I am sorry mate, she was totally fine when I seen her, dont get me wrong she mentioned she use to be really naughty with certain things, so obviously she must of got mixed up with the wrong crowd AGAIN....from what I know she has a self destruct button.................obviously she has hit that button...I am sorry she is like that again....going back a year maybe 18 months she was like this as i come across her back then and yes cheap and a junkie but thought she cleaned up her life, because as a fuck machine there is not many better going around.

P4P


