Thread Title: Gem - Brisbane CBD - 0405 478 328
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2019, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: Onelasttime
Post Title: 
 Gem - Brisbane CBD - 0405 478 328
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gem

Establishment : Mary st, Brisbane CBD

Date of Visit : 21/8/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/Whitelily/

Phone :0405478328

Hours of Business : 9am till late everyday

Rates : $250/hr

Age : late 20s to early 30s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : full service, GFE, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I saw Gem off an EnB ad a month ago and decided to take a plunge. I was pleasantly greeted in the lobby by the same girl in the photos, average height but slim figure, we said hi like we were old friends and she proceeded to lead me to the elevator and up to her room. All communication was prompt before this point.

When we got to the room we had a small chat about how our day was, her english is not that great but I made do. Simple greetings go a long way. We discussed options and payments next, I went for 1hr with an optional bbbj for $300 in total. 

She accepted the cash and stripped me down to have a shower, afterwards I went back into the room where she was naked waiting for me on the bed. We proceeded into the bbbj which was difficult not to cum on, she has a killer tongue and knows how to use it. I managed to edge myself and kept going. She put a condom on me with her mouth and we proceeded to go to town missionary. 

Multiple positions ensued with cowgirl and doggy. We both got tired and she moved onto finishing me off with a handy, to my suprise she started getting rly into it and went for a blowjob where I couldnt help but blow my load in her mouth. She spat out my cum in a tissue and lead me to the shower to clean myself off. 

I got dressed, I thanked her and she thanked me and off I went.

Overall it was a suprisingly great experience, I know I paid quite a bit but she was one of my most memorable punts.


