Thread Title: Generic Asian, Hervey Bay, QLD 0459 536 102
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2016, 08:56 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Generic Asian, Hervey Bay, QLD 0459 536 102
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Does it Matter ? 

Establishment : Sunrise Appartments

Date of Visit : 27/  12 / 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [COLOR=rgb(80, 80, 80)]0459 536 102[/COLOR]

Hours of Business : Early to Late

Rates : $100 per 30 min 

Age : Claimed 19 but we all know 30-50 pick a number

Size/shape : Chubby 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yea sure

My experience/comments : Probably my last punt of the year, and not really fussed on who i fucked last night, could not be buggered with my usual as all out of town / festive or simply not seeing any one til next year. I knew with a Asian it would be very much either shit, very average or a little surprising. Well when I arrived it had the very much shit feel about it, a more podgy whore & little English, but again did not care, wanted to unload simple...so paid the dues....onto the bed where she actually gave a very good massage, honestly shocked me, very good & actually helped with the neck & shoulder pains of late, as she moved down the teased the ass crack & sac. 

On the turn over gentle massage with plenty of ball & cock play, before she took it BBBJ & done a marvelous job, sensational actually and for the next 30 min she had me on the brink then backed off, on the brink then backed off, then finally she knew I was going to jackhammer her skull if she teased a bit more so allowed me to blow down her throat. Totally shocked when I left at how much I enjoyed the massage then the BBBJ...so this was very much a little bit of a good surprise.

Overall: Look to me Asian is like KFC or  Macca's, you know what you shall get, but if its a little better then the normal slop they dish up then you are more then happy, well i got better then the normal slop.

Rating 4/5

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2016, 12:36 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Uncanny reference to Macc's P4P - bright minds think alike :-)  I was thinking the exact same thing just this morning about my "go to" Asian lady.  I had the same thought that it's where I go to get a cheap and cheerful consistent experience, with a known outcome, generally at very short notice, just like Macca's.  She might not be the hottest young thing, and have me glowing for days later, but for a quick, cheap stress relief at a convenient location, it works for me.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th December 2016, 10:30 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats it niteowl, when I started out on this crazy punting adventure, Asians where all I seen almost, what ever reason but that tapered off fast due to the same ole same ole, and alot of complete shit punts, 19 turns 50 this year, in the end I know when i eat Asian its typically because I cant be bothered with all the legwork with my regular lasses, and its more just to fuck and get out, I generally wont go down on these girls unless they actually have a ok body as some can but alot are frumpy momma's mate lol best put it. 

But sometimes like this punt, you get a pleasant surprise, like your double quarter was just cooked and its hot and good, not cold and piss weak, your fries are fresh and yum not cold and soggy. 

P4P


