Thread Title: Gina - Cairns - 0498 042 421
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th May 2014, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Gina - Cairns - 0498 042 421
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 25th May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Cairns Playmate | gina.escortfiles.com independent escort site | Home Page

0498 042 421

Hours of Business : 6 days 11am - 8pm

Rates : $100 quicky, $150/half or $300 per hr

Age : she says late 30's but I'd guess mid to late 40's

Size/shape : slim sz8-10 with a full C cup, long brunette hair. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : massage, FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : oh yea. 

My experience/comments : I contacted this lady before going up to Cairns to confirm she was around but could only manage a visit on my last day (a great pity in hindsight). It was still a bit of SMS ping pong but eventually I was at her door. 

And what a sight when I entered. High heels and short black low cut sheer dress with ample cleavage. Nothing left to the imagination here and with the welcoming hug and kiss  my anticipation levels rose accordingly. A quick shower and onto the bed for some pampering and I knew then she was a sex bomb. Lying on my back she was gyrating her hips on my buttocks letting me feel her boobs and pubes while kissing my neck and ears. She felt wonderful and it wasn't long before I could feel her hand reaching between my legs in a very sensual way. How do some girls know how to do this so well while others have no clue? Suffice to say that Gina is very skilled in this area. 

On roll over she used her mouth with great skill, licking and sucking my balls and shaft but never quite doing a BBBJ. It was very erotic seeing her use her mouth like this while she had a hand on my cock. With no interruption to proceedings the dom went on and Gina showed what she can really do with her mouth. It wasn't quite deep throat but it was deep with lots of variation. Her mouth continued up my body paying attention to my nipples and neck. Her hips have now straddled my body and she had me poised at the entrance to her wet pussy. It was a wonderful embrace as she was rotating her hips on the head of my cock and when ready she sat up and impaled herself in one movement. Exquisite. From cowgirl she went into a squat and then back down to hug and embrace and back to cowgirl, never stopping her hip gyrations. Gina is very in tune and would slow down as I was getting close. Eventually we rolled into mish and that's how we finished. 

And what a pleasant brief interlude it was. I found Gina very accommodating and while this interlude was a tad rushed that was my fault due to time constraints. Her website has a number of pics but I'm not sure they're of her but don't let that deter you. She is very easy on the eyes. As always YMMV.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd June 2014, 08:23 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great work. Been meaning to see her. More intrested now after reading this.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th August 2014, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: Den123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Traveled to Cairns last week for a 'diving trip' with some friends. Tried to contact her by text last Tuesday as stated on her webpage (which is now down btw) and recieved an automated text back saying she was "unavailable" till Dec 2014/Jan 2015. 

Must have only just decided to take a break as I did see a recent July review floating around on either this forum or another.

Was disappointed at the time , so I saw Eve instead . Review incoming.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th August 2014, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's sad. I was going to see her this week too. Damn


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th August 2014, 06:13 AM
Poster ID: Snatchcatcha
Post Title: 
 Gina - Cairns - 0498 042 421
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : independent

Date of Visit : 6/7/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : tel:0498042421. Cairns Playmate | gina.escortfiles.com independent escort site | Warning Page 


Hours of Business : 11am to 9pm

Rates : 300 per hr

Age : 38-40

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Euro-Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Excellent value, highly recommend

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Gina an is a real blast and I what is a mostly disappointing field of choices in the far north, she is a real winner.  I have seen her several times, and never disappointed, which I so lot more than can be said for many girls in the tropical paradise.

She only communicates by text, but is polite and reliable.  Booking is straight forward.  She likes at least an hour's notice.

Once in the door, she greets with some passionate DFK.  Then into the shower and back to the bedroom, where there is more DFK while Gina slowly disrobes from her thin lingerie.  She is petite with a full body tan,lovely breasts whose nipples enjoy some gentle nibbling.

She stands over me for some initial DATY, then it's onto the bed, to continue DFK, then some raunchy finger-work on her cunt which she enjoys and which brings her to a climax.  As a extra, she the gives me BBBJ, which is mind-blowing and nearly blows me in other ways.  The top to tail in 69, with me eating deeply of her cunt while she sucks seductively on me.  

After about 10 minutes of this, my LSD are burning from the friction and my cock from the desire to go indoors.  So then we fuck, and fuck hard.  Rotating positions.  She finds my nipples and is able to suck them hard while I fuck her hard.  Finally, still clamped to my nipples, she finishes me off by hand, holding my cock so closely to her body that later that day I notice it's head is bruised from her navel jewelry.

Gina offers anal as an extra.  Next time I will definitely try it.  Gina is all her add promises.  And she's a really nice, easy going person into the bargain.

i will return next time I'm up that way.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th October 2014, 12:40 AM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Gina cairns
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : September 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0498042421 Gina - Cairns Playmate | gina.escortfiles.com independent escort site | Warning Page 

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $300 hour

Age : Over 40 under 50

Size/shape : about 5ft 3 slim/toned around size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : kissing full sex daty and more (I expext) worth asking

Value for money/recommend? : Well worth a visit She is still in good shape but old enough to know she has to offer a good service

My experience/comments :  Thought I would give Gina a visit after seeing her ad on Cracker and in the Cairns Post. She is in her Forties and (almost) open about it. Can only be contacted by text for a first timer, which was fine with me as I need to be discreet.
 When she opened the door, I was greeted very friendly petite lady with a great smile and wearing cute lingerie that showed off her lovely large boobs. Pleasantries and financial matters out of the way, I jumped in the shower and then into the bedroom.
  I was expecting light kissing but got the full on! After we moved to the bed. She started giving me a massage on my back and concluded that with a body slide and hand job from behind. She then asked me to roll over to which I eagerly obliged. She jumped on top of me and proceeded to rub her gorgeous, natural (or so they felt) boobs all over my face, chest and cock and gave me a bit of Spanish while I held her boobs tight around my hard cock. By now I was hard so on with the dom. Then she took control and straddled me, rubbed her nicely trimmed pussy on my cock (felt really good) without penetration.
 After a little while she stopped and proceeded to give me a brilliant blow job. I stopped her and swung her legs over my face so I could give her a deep 69.
She sat on my face while I licked and teased her till she came on my face...I could feel her clit quivering when she had cum.
 I changed doms and slipped it into her pussy while she was still in doggy position. Hot and juicy I pumped away as she moaned and groaned, maybe real but if not it still felt and sounded good. I was now too close to stop and exploded, so don’t know if more was on offer!
 Wow what a session She is enthusiastic experienced and genuinely good at what she does. She may not be the youngest but doesn’t hide the fact and is certainly worth a session. I highly recommend.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th January 2015, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: drumlicious
Post Title: 
 Gina - Cairns
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina - Cairns

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16/12/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Gina - Cairns, Far North Queensland Escort, Playmate | gina.escortfiles.com independent escort site | Home Page     0498042421

Hours of Business : 11am - 8pm

Rates : $300 per hr

Age : 40?

Size/shape : Petite size 8 - 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie / Euro

Services Provided : FS, Greek, COF, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Highly recommended

My experience/comments :

 I went and saw Gina again a few weeks back so thought I'd write a recent review.

Gina only communicates via text which is fine with me. She is at a new place now near Smithfield (Cairns, QLD).

Once I got the address, I parked outside and texted her that I was here and she directed me to the granny flat she was located at behind the main house. 

I knocked on the door and she answered wearing just a very tiny sarong around her waist! The site of her gorgeous big boobs made me hard instantly. She is only about 5'2" but has the best D cup boobs for her age.

After a giggle and financial matters out of the way, hopped into the shower and then onto the bed where she was waiting naked. 

She rolled me over and gave me a body to body slide and I just love feeling her boobs against me.

After about 5 - 10 mins I rolled over and she jumped on top to slide over my front leading to a slide with her pussy on my extremely hard manhood. I loved watching her pussy slide on me, she has a beautifully trimmed pussy and shaved underneath. Also gave me the chance to fondle those beautiful breasts.

Next was a CBJ which she does very well.

When she could tell I was very aroused she then got into the 69 position and I gave her a bit of a tongue lashing!

I can tell she was enjoying it as she moaned ( or a real good actor!)

I stopped licking her sweet pussy and moved her off me and got her into doggy position so I could sample her sweet arse with a bit of rimming before I entered it. While she is very petite she has a knack of being able to accommodate the thicker cock, very tight and hot!

The session was an hour and I paid for extras greek, DFK and COF. Extras were $80 for greek, DFK $50 and $20 COF 
Total cost $450 for the hour

I could go on and on but she is my favourite WL...she is always friendly and accommodating.

Shame she is not available at the moment but she told me she should be back in Cairns end of Jan 2015 hopefully!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th January 2015, 10:04 AM
Poster ID: james911
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
now looking like end of feb. says she's in NSW on family matters


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th February 2015, 07:04 AM
Poster ID: james911
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
more bad news, now shes saying end of march...


