Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th September 2015, 09:41 PM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: 
 Gold Coast CIM BJ - Mermaid/Nobby's Beach - 0423 225 921
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : TBH, I never asked!

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16th Sept 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423225921 - http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_3...nd-nights.html

Hours of Business : I saw her during the day, but she seems to work all the time

Rates : $80 for CIM BBBJ; she also appears to do other things

Age : early 40's

Size/shape : petite, nice C cup tits, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : I got BJ, but I think she also does FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I started this punt looking for something in particular - a cheap, sort of nasty experience with a cheap hooker. After some trolling on backpage and locanto, I finally found this gem and her $80 offer really appealed to me so I rang her. After a little back and forth and some texts (I hate texts, see my post history for why), we finally settled on my visiting her at a hotel in Nobby's shortly after noon.

When I arrived it was clear that she had just arrived, and there was really no pomp and ceremony at all. She said "I'm ready" and I took off my clothes and jumped on the bed. She followed, still fully clothed, and before I knew it little Mike was buried in her mouth. At some point during the experience she pulled out her tits for me to play with, but it was basically just a long and enthusiastic blowjob where she was working towards a single objective. This suited me, it was exactly what I was looking for, and I really enjoyed it, except that at the end she didn't do all that she promises in her ad, if you know what I mean. In the end it didn't matter, I was more interested in the journey than the destination, but I was a little put out and it was messier than I expected. So just make sure you clarify if you visit where you'll end up!

Would I go back again? Probably, for the $80 it was certainly good value. I'm even considering texting her to see what else she does, now that I've had a taste (or rather she has), it might be interesting to go back for more. Recommended, as long as you know what you're getting in for and are ok with this type of service.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th September 2015, 06:24 AM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_3...nd-nights.html





Sexy sloppy - 36
Enjoy your day with a sexy sensual sloppy blow job, if you want to come and experience the best natural cim blow job on the gold coast then you have found it. If there is one thing that you needed to tick off your bucket list then this is it. I will leave you breathless and thinking the earth has moved. ยง100 for a lifetime memory 
Txt 0423225921 now and let the fun begin xx


