Thread Title: Gold Coast Cougar - Chevron Island nr. Surfers Paradise - 0425 634 213
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2014, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: Mojomax
Post Title: 
 Gold Coast Cougar - Chevron Island nr. Surfers Paradise - 0425 634 213
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Gold Coast Cougar

Establishment: private – located on Chevron Island, near Surfers Paradise

Date of Visit: 3/4/14	

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: cougarlicious.com.au or 0425 634 213

Hours of Business: see website

Rates:$300 p/h

Age: Mature – early forties

Size/shape: average, great boobs and amazing nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Not cheap, but first rate service

My experience/comments:

Hi all, this is my first review so bear with me…

I've seen Gold Coast Cougar a few times after seeing her advert in the Gold Coast Bulletin and visiting her (fairly new) website. She operates from a clean, tidy and modern unit on Chevron Island and making arrangements has always been very straightforward.

Cougar (she did give me her real name, but I'll call her Cougar here) is around 165 tall, petite build with shapely legs, a (still) firm C or D bust with nipples you could hang your coat on. I find her attractive and she dresses well, is well educated and always up for a good conversation (although not at the expense of time in the bedroom!).

After showering the service is very much GFE. Lots of kissing, cuddling and slowly undressing each other. The kissing is deep and passionate and Cougar's hands a tongue has a tendency to wander! I've only experienced these slow and passionate sessions, Cougar seems very adaptable and I'm sure that a faster PSE style service would also be on offer. I'm more than happy for the service to stretch out with plenty of foreplay followed by oral and intercourse. 
Cougar is outrageously good at oral and the mirrors in the bedroom provide a great view of the action. The benefit of a good slightly older lady is that they know how to pace things and how to bring you to the point of no return, stopping, then building up again.

In summary Cougar is mature, but still very attractive and her service is superb and of a standard and type that you just wouldn't get from a much younger woman. She isn't cheap, but the quality of service more than makes up for the expense. I've never felt rushed and have always come away satisfied and with a smile on my face. Highly recommended!


