Thread Title: GoldBracelet - Surfers Paradise - 0422 165 352
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th June 2016, 01:39 AM
Poster ID: Cozander
Post Title: 
 GoldBracelet - Surfers Paradise - 0422 165 352
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: GoldBracelet

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:27/5/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0422165352 http://m.locanto.com.au/goldcoast/ID...dbracelet.html

Hours of Business: 

Rates:$100

Age:35-40

Size/shape:Thin? Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome value for money 

My experience/comments: I had seen this gils's ads on Locanto for along time, last week I thought I'd text her. She was very eager and was quick with her replies and answered any and all questions I had for her. 

She is staying at a motel between Broadbeach and Surfers Paradise, which is convenient for me. when I arrived I couldnt get a carpark as my car was too tall to get to the visitor spaces and had to park at the building next door. As the entrance is locked I text her to come out to get me. God bless her she came out with a mesh top on and no bra, the tiniest skirt on with no underwear and tall white heels. Aside from the fact there where kids in the common area where we walked though I thought it was a great welcome.

She is a little older than the photos she had up. but her body was just as tight and fit. we made small talk on the way to her room and she seemed nervous, not sure if it was because of her half naked parade out in public or it's just the way she is. it was kind of endearing.

Once in her room she wasted no time in undressing us both and knelt on the floor. she was great with her mouth, had to stop her before I went early. when she did I asked her to hop on her back on the bed. she agreed and started reaching for a condom and came up empty handed. at this point I was wondering why she would have them ready but she explained she had just cleaned the room and moved them. by the time she found one I was no longer ready for one. a little disheartened I asked her to go back to her knees. I enjoyed it so much, that's where it ended.

She is very skilled at what she does, a little disorganised but definitely gets the job done.

I will be returning to Gold Bracelet  as soon as I get the chance.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd September 2016, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: jethro751
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Recently at Surfers and tried to contact this lady and got a nasty message from her boyfriend saying she doesnt work anymore.


