Thread Title: Good times with Natty - ?? - 0412 143 179
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th July 2019, 10:15 AM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: 
 Good times with Natty - ?? - 0412 143 179
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natty

Establishment : private house

Date of Visit : 6/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: E&B

Phone : 0412 143 179

Hours of Business : changes all the time

Rates : $250

Age : late 20s/early 30s

Size/shape : petite/slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes

Hi Punters,

I recently had a delightful booking with Natty. She is from Sydney.

I have seen I think one other review of her. She is a sweet girl and aims to pleases and provide a great service.

For those who have been in the game long enough, it is always a delight when the person in the photos is the person behind the door. First tick.

After a the finances and shower, she embraced me like like her boyfriend returning from extended time and we got the action started.

She is a nice tight package and on the day of our encounter she wore more of a sports bra rather than the sexy lace but because of youthful face it was a rather turn on. She stays in shape and have nice peachy ass for me that fit perfectly into my hands. Her breast are nice and firm but would have like them if they were a cup bigger (but you can't have it all).

In no time, I was rock hard and cannot wait to feel her pussy's embrace. This is one slight negative point. She is tight by all account, do not get me wrong. And I have had sex with petite woman before but this was the first time that I've encountered a shallow vagina where she was unable to take the entire shaft (I am not big / large by any account). Has anyone had this experience before? It did make me think if she was a ladyboy for a moment.

Would like to know if anyone has the same vibe with her.

Other than that it was a great experience and would definitely see her when she comes back.

Cheers.

CG.

P.S., other punters have enlighten me that she is indeed post op, not that it would change my review.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st July 2019, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
where did you see her?   Town/suburb?   Your review is not much help to others without this information.


