Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th August 2014, 03:52 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Goth/Sophie - Runcorn - 0424 402 858
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gothika

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 24/08/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 402 858

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $350 / 2 hours

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : 14 & cuddly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Gothik 

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : YES /YES

My experience/comments : Well I have seen this girls add a few times & being in the mood for something a touch more mature & left field keyed up a time for a 2 hour booking, thinking the price is right & her services sounded really good, her place in Runcorn was easy to find & rocked up to knock on the door, she looked nice & all gothed up so into the nice house very goth looking inside, you can see her inspiration, very easy to talk to & went over everything. Payed my dues into the shower then into her room. She is attractive with some padding but in that "it works way" nice tits, nice all round girl who dresses to her style & then works it like a boss 

She was dressed in all black, her make-up everything was black & it looked good, so the kissing & fun begain. She is a very passionate girl who loves kissing, her blowjobs are very good, done to your requirements then some, she enjoys sucking cock, she honestly cant get enough of sucking you off, nice spit & ball play before it conversed into a 69er, must say very nice tight pussy on the girl & she loves it being licked & before to long I could feel myself on the brink & let her know before I blew, she enjoyed it & kept sucking til I was totally dry!

So a bit of a cuddle & kiss while we chatted, she is very easy to chat to, laying in my arms as she rubbed my chest & my cock from time to time, she does know how to get you in the mood & before I knew it she was sucking my cock again while turned around so her pussy was up near my face while she played with herself, was a glorious site all right, a good 30 min of cock sucking before I asked to fuck her, so she swings around while sucking my cock still & slowly moves up to get my cock in position to fuck, on she gets & some nice slow riding movements ensured we both enjoyed this little fuck feast while I sucked on her nice tits. About 10 min went by before I flipped her on her back & drove it home for a solid 5 minutes before blowing hard again. All the while she kisses & shows what a real classy working women is all about, never for once wanting any attention its all about you the client with this girl.

Another round went much the same, a nice easy gentle session of cock sucking & fucking, easy nice girl who enjoys fucking, totally enjoys giving head & a genuine nice girl who enjoys making sure you leave with a smile on your dial. Def not a clock watcher left well after 3 hours, thats how at ease she made me feel, she said she dont bother to much about time, if she is having fun then she dont care, she said she has had clients stay 5 hours for a 1 hour booking & totally goes on how they treat her & if she is really enjoying the time & no other bookings then she will just let the session flow. Showered while we talked & she joined in the shower to wash my back & finger my ass got me hard again, wow this girl enjoys sex so a blowjob in the shower was a very easy way to end the session, this time she sucked hard & dirty unlike the whole session where it was soft & sensual, in the shower it was full on spitting & wanking really hard before I blew over her face & wow that was hot, not much cum already expelled the demons but enough to get a good kodak moment, dried off then dressed, left with a big kiss & she thanked me for my time.

Overall: Def not one I would generally see but glad I did, a attractive girl who is very service focused, enjoys sex & oral sex, totally makes you feel like its all about you & under no illusions if you dont want to please her she is fine with that. The price is right for a very easy session & she does take her time & wont rush you. Would I go back, for sure was a lot of fun & certainly makes you feel like the only person in the world so for sure I would go back.

Rating: 8/10

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th August 2014, 04:47 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very good read as per usual P4P, I have seen this girls ad for quite a while, but I can never justify travelling up to brisbane for a punt cause it always shits in my face, but I think you've done the justifying for me


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th August 2014, 04:56 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saphine's Locanto ad, http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_30...sty-sz-16.html





			
				 Genuine Aussie Goth girl! pierced, curvy, busty sz 16 - 31

Hi 

I'm Saphine. A happy, healthy 31yo gothic girl based in Runcorn on Brisbanes southside. I'm 5'9", very curvy hourglass size 16 with natural F cup bust, long black hair, blue eyes, a few piercings (including nipples, genital and 2 tongue piercings) and a few small tattoos.

I'm intelligent, friendly and very affectionate. My love of my work is evident in my service so if you're looking for someone with passion and enthusiasm you won't be disappointed 

My rates are:

Half hour (minimum available time) - $100
45 mins - $140
1 hour - $180
2 hours - $300.

Though I'm not at all dominant I have a large toy collection and am more than happy to cater to the adventurous where I can or I can be the perfect affectionate girlfriend. your wish is my command.

I'm genuinely 31yo and dress up for each and every booking so what you see in my photos is what you get in person  In fact I'm often told I look much better in person than I do in my photos so you won't be disappointed when you meet me 

Incalls are available most days from 9am - 9pm and I can be contacted via phone (sms preferred) most days from 8am - 10pm on 0424 402 858


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th August 2014, 06:08 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I see I got ripped off lol but the extra was for extra lol.

I would def make the time, for 2 hours you cant go wrong with the rates, she is really friendly & so easy to talk to, she is attractive if you ask me & for a trip to Brissy really & you will be left with a smile :0 & a nice glide home. At least you know $300 you will be a few hours enjoying Goth. 

Edit: Will agree she is 30 odd but looks hmmm 25ish in the flesh, soft white skin, nice tits, hips that rock...Yeah you know what a certain repeat visit next week, I enjoyed it that much. Prob should of rated a 9

P4P


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 12:19 AM
Poster ID: bobbx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the  review payforplay.I did read a negative comment in the  past about this girl,but now i will be considering a visit.        bobbx.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th February 2016, 03:32 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You will always find some girls who a client wont enjoy, for me she was value, passionate, caring, thinking of seeing her again to be honest.

P4P


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th June 2016, 08:35 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment :  Private House (she is moving in July)

Date of Visit :  19 May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_89...E-Runcorn.html
Also ads on Back Page Brisbane, keyword = GOTH

Hours of Business : most days, 11am-7pm

Rates :  (my booking) $180/hr. Other rates avail, see her ad.

Age :  33yrs (looks about right)

Size/shape : BIG Size 18, HUGE natural tits, ad pics are correct but seemed she had put on more weight, crooked stained teeth

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie, Scot heritage

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / No - not for me

My experience/comments : 

Booking Sophie was easy by text. She gave me her street name so I could plan my trip - was visiting Brissy by train. She was a very short local bus trip from FruitGrove train station plus 10min walk - then gave me her house number when I reached her street. Sophie greeted me at her door in her black lingerie (as per her ad pic), but her crooked stained teeth smile put me off a bit. As I followed her to the bedroom I saw she was much wider than some of her pics indicate. I was expecting BBW so wasn't put off by her size as I wanted to tick this off my to-do experience.

After money envelope handover and refresher shower for me, I helped her undress whilst she explained her goth fashion style. She continued her discussion as she lay on the bed and I worked on massaging her, sucking her nipples, lifting and fondling her large tits, but sadly the volume of fat around her upper thighs gave me very restricted access to her pussy - I struggled to peel back the flabs to find her pussy lips and eventually I found her clit and fanny. At first I thought she was not allowing me access but I think her size restricted how far apart she could spread her legs. Her odour told me she had not showered for quite a while so DATY (although I'm sure she would have enjoyed it) was out of the question for me.

Change of pace, she got a dom and laid on her back with her head over the edge of the bed. She slipped the dom onto my cock with her lips as I slid my cock into her mouth and I proceeded to face fuck her while I stood over her head reaching over (struggling) to play/finger her pussy. I blew into the dom inside her mouth and she indicated to me where the tissues were to clean myself up.

After a brief respite and exchanging some chit-chat she slipped another latex on me for round 2 of CBJ. I had hardened up enough so suggested we try for some doggy. Sophie positioned herself on all fours at the end of the bed and I managed to guide my hard-on into her pussy while I was standing behind her. I'm not sure (even now) if I had actually penetrated her pussy or my cock was simply gripped by her bum/thigh flab but I pumped her, with my hands wrapped around her girth I could not reach round her front to her pussy so I held onto her swinging udders until I blew my second load. After a brief moment to catch my breath, I showered dressed and was on my way.

Overall an (just) ok session, for the price, but I won't be back particularly given the distance from southern gold coast.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 5th April 2020, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: kwapaz
Post Title: 
 Sophie De Sade - Acacia Ridge, Brisbane - 0424 402 858
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Independant

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ophie_de_Sade/

Phone :  0424 402 858

Hours of Business : Appointment by request

Rates : 100 per half hour

Age : 37

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I saw Sophie a few months ago when she was based in Acacia Ridge, although I believe she has now moved to Indooroopilly. She was running a special at the time of $80 for 30 minutes full service so I booked. Contact was fast and easy, she quickly texted back and we set a time. Service was average, slightly clinical but about what you would expect for the price. A variety of positions offered, and Sophie is welcoming and able to hold a conversation. Her pictures are accurate, if a bit dated. If you are looking for a cheap, and basic punt and don't mind a BBW figure then Sophie is your girl.


