Thread Title: Hana - Spring Hill - 0432 511 659
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2011, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: 
 Hana - Spring Hill - 0432 511 659
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Hana or something like that. She said what it was but I forget.

Establishment :  Apartment in Spring Hill with free parking

Date of Visit :  20th Oct, 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  New in town Japanese housemaid Amazing exotic look...$100 - Annerley | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business :   24hrs I think

Rates :  I did the $100 short time but was there for around 35mins

Age :  way early 20s

Size/shape :  Smoking HAWT!!!!

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Japanese

Services Provided :  FS, R'n'T

Value for money/recommend? :  ABSOFRIGGINLUTELY

My experience/comments : Saw the ad on Cracker and was taken instanly by the pics. I know...I Know...you can rely on the pics about 1.5% of the time, but I had a gut feeling. Made an appointment and got an sms confirmation of the address and time. 

Got to the door (very easy to find btw) and was greeted by this very petit but smokin hawt little thing. Was mucho impressed. Paid the money after doing the usual chat (English wasn't great but I could understand her). Then straight into it. Freshly shaved pussy was like a delicate flower and I had to DATY. WOW!!! Amazing pussy! SO tight. SO fresh. Got her rocks off with my tongue then she gives me an array of condoms ranging from little Japanese prick to mega huge that thing belongs in a zoo cock. I go with the usual one and let her have it. An absolute trooper!!! She was so incredibly tight and after warming her up, I was able to give her a fair run for my money. Started with her on her back on the edge of the bed, and changed postitions about 4 times. She loves doggy. I didn't try kissing her - her bod was so farkin hot that I just wanted to ravish her without getting all personal, so another punter will have to update on that.

Would thoroughly recommend a visit to this one.

Hammered.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2011, 08:44 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy & paste of her Cracker ad:

Thank you gentlemen for looking further 
I am a feminine girl from Japan with Asian ethnicity. You will find me to be opened minded, very attravtve,enjoyable with a very good work attitude and hot sex. 

I am in my mid 20s standing 157cm tall with a slender size 6 figure, voluptuous 36d bust and gorgeous olive complexion. I am very clean and fresh with that amazing exotic look. You will be greeted in sexy lingerie and kinky boots, providing you with a truly amazing discreet service. I am very versatile and active. 

I am available from a near city discreet apartment, 7 days from 10am till late. so what are you waiting for,ring now,HanaXX 

$100 for short time 
$120 for 30min 
$150 for 45min 
$180 for 60min


