Thread Title: Hana  - Brisbane City - 0421 230 646
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th April 2019, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: idf1326@gmail.com
Post Title: 
 Hana  - Brisbane City - 0421 230 646
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hana

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Hana_jap/

Phone : 0421230646

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 250 per hour 

Age : 21-25

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Highly recommend

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


I made the reservation TWICE, and finally I got a chance to see her.

Just read some good reviews of her last weekend and decided to give it a go. Text her and get replied in a min, but unfortunately I have been told that she was fully booked on that night, so I make the reservation with her on the next day. Located in a very popular apartment in the city, easy to find.

Have been told that she is a very tiny girl, but I was shocked when she opened the door. short (around 155cm maybe?) skinny, with a kawaii face and lovely voice. English is good, no problems in communication, very polite, so pop in, paper work done, and star to shower and then jump in the bed

She was shy and look new to the industry, we star with a message, not a very good one, but it does not matter, cause I get hard already. She asked me if I can get star latter as she is not ready yet. Well thats the point, I only been pushed to make everything faster, she is the first that told me to get it latter. So I just left her to make the decision. a few mins latter, she put the condom for me and star to put my things in...well seems she forgot to do the CBJ? But thats not important I think, I did not expected she is able to provide a good BJ. Have to said her vagina is very tight, she moan with my every movement, sometimes I even stop and ask her if she is okay, and I got a yes every time, nice Hana. I did not change too much position and I was done, when we finished and she invented me to take the shower together with her. Wow! That was so surprise, I did not expect I was just paying 250 an hour for this lady.

So, will I return? It is a yes for me.
But make sure you make the booking earlier, especially during the weekend.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th June 2019, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: Matt_baker18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Hana

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 15 Jun 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Hana_jap/

Phone : 0421230646

Hours of Business: Unsure

Rates:$200

Age: Young, 22

Size/shape: Short, skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Good value for the service given

My experience/comments:

Upon paying we showered together but the shower fun was limited. She did wash me down and rubbed herself on me for a bit but it was short.

We went into her bedroom where she allowed me to explore her and so forth but kissing was off the table. Went through some DATY which she did enjoy however fingering was also off the table. 

Her boobs are a bit sensitive and she goes do the cliche Japanese noises.

This went on for sometime then she then dom'd me up and went in for CBJ. The CBJ was wasn't too bad. She did struggle a bit getting the whole thing in but she did make do.

The CBJ was decent. Would be better if it was BBBJ.

From there got some lube and decided to ride me from there. She is pretty tight and she does know her stuff which is good. 

We Went into the positions of cowgirl, doggy and so on and finished inside the dom.

We cleaned up and spoke for a bit. She said she is currently studying and it was currently her semester break.

Time went by and we said our farewells as she walked me to my car.

Overall, it was an average session. I would come back for the looks but thats about it.


