Thread Title: Hannah - Toowong - 0478 817 127
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th October 2015, 09:53 AM
Poster ID: singlebound
Post Title: 
 Hannah - Toowong - 0478 817 127
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hannah

Establishment : Motel, Toowong

Date of Visit : 28/10/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_58...tos-of-me.html

Hours of Business : Seems to be from 12pm onwards

Rates : 
In calls - $200 per hr
Out calls - $300 per hr 
Photos - $100 extra 
15min Quickie - $100
10 min BJ only - $50

Age : 19 to early 20's I can't tell but she's young

Size/shape : Slim 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : 
OK from what I can tell in my searches this girl hasn't been reviewed before so for the price of $50 for a BJ I figured i'd take a punt.  Sent a text and received a prompt reply saying she was working from 12pm onwards that day so booked in for an afternoon session.  Sent another text 2 hours beforehand to confirm the time and get the address and she replied straight away with the address and room number which is always a good sign.  Turned up and was able to find street parking out the front of the motel but it was the only spot available so depending on time of day you might need to leave some time to find a park and walk from further away.

Knocked on the door and the girl that answered is definitely the girl in the pictures.  Seeing the bed in the room also confirms that the pictures in the Locanto ad are recent.  Now her ad says she's "very fun, naughty, cheeky & love to please" but on entry there was no smile or hello or any small talk.  Guess we just didn't click because all I got is best described as a resting bitch face.  She has a girl next door look and is not stunning but her youth makes her attractive i'd say she's a 6/10.  So for $50 you drop your duds and get her sitting on the end of the bed still full clothed.  She grabs a condom and puts it on while I'm still soft then holds the base and proceeds to start sucking.  As I got hard she stops sucking as hard and starts to rely more on a firm hand grip in conjunction with a softer BJ.  From here on out there was no real mixing it up and no ball play just her swapping hands when her arm gets tired.  I didn't ask about touching through her clothes probably should of but I was kind of put off from the unfriendly start.  After 6 or 7 minutes of this I start to cum and this is where the real disappointment began!  As soon as I started to cum she stopped everything and moved to the bedside table for the wet wipes already.  She didn't keep sucking or jerking me off till I'd finished which completely ruined the ending.  She didn't move to clean up either so I was left to take off the rubber and wipe myself down.  I guess in this case you get what you pay for!

In hindsight now maybe I should of gone the $100 quickie option taken control and bent her over the bed at least that way I could finish properly.  Maybe she just didn't like what she saw when the door opened but I've never had problem with other girls in the past they always seem happy to see me.  I'm a sucker for punishment though and I'm tempted to go back for full service and see if I can get some emotion onto that face of hers while she's on her back.

Overall:  She's young, blonde and aussie at a price point that you'd usually only get old asians with fake pics.  Maybe she gives better service if you book for an hour?  Anyone else care to take a punt and confirm?


