Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th May 2011, 08:29 AM
Poster ID: Jarred88smith
Post Title: 
 HarperRose / Avril - Townsville - 0459 219 547
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: avril

Establishment: apartment

Date of Visit: 23/2/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Avril Townsville | Escorts & Adult Services

Hours of Business: 24/7

Rates: 250 an hour

Age: 25

Size/shape:  8 with tight bum

Nationality or Ethnicity: white Aussie

Services Provided: bbj cim anal deepthroat pse

Value for money/recommend?: highly recommend 

My experience/comments:

When I first contacted Avril I booked for a 2 hour incall she told me her address and was very polite when I arrived And she opened the door I checked her out she was much better than her photos online we chit chatted got the payment out of the way and went to the bedroom where I'll tell you now I've never had such a good bbj she is a pro I would rate the sex 10/10 for the finish she let me cum all over her pretty face. 

For sure I'll be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th December 2011, 10:28 PM
Poster ID: batman65
Post Title: 
 HarperRose/Avril - Townsville 0459 219547
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : HarperRose (used to work as Avril)

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : mid 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : HarperRose Townsville | Escorts & Adult Services

Hours of Business :  unknown

Rates : $250/hour

Age : mid-20's

Size/shape : slim, size 8, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus

Services Provided : FS, some extras available

Value for money/recommend? : Not recommended, but YMMV

My experience/comments : 
This girl used to work under the name of Avril, and she had a different page on the Townsville Escorts website. I visited her in the middle of this year, and she is an attractive girl, nice slim body. If you are looking for a PSE, I think she might be a good option. I was more after a GFE, and her website at the time stated that she liked kissing, which was a lie that she admitted to early in the booking, so I was rather put off and felt I had wasted my money. A very chatty girl, friendly, but we just didn't click. She seemed to try quite hard to make the booking enjoyable for me, was happy to give another BJ after I came the first time, but my heart wasn't really in it.  At least now her new web page is a bit more accurate.
She has a few extras available, which should be discussed with her.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st December 2011, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: gddiddy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just have to say this girl has a real attitude. I booked her for an hour (after she cancelled the first time -approx 15 mins before the appointment the day before) and showed up at the pre-arranged time. Her apartment block requires you to buzz her and then be let into the complex and then have access to lifts to her level. I did that, got in and then found the lift wouldn't allow me to her level. It turns out you have about five seconds from when she lets you into the complex to enter the lift and access the level which seems ridiculous - again why not tell me that? I wasted another $1 ringing her (no reply) and then texting her- she just texted me back and said bad luck dumb arse, it's not rocket science you know- consider us cancelled. I just turned on my heels and went on my way considering myself lucky for saving $290 (that was another thing everything is extra) . Won't be seeing any of my money. Obviously she has a very high opinion of herself and a very low opinion of clients.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st March 2012, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: artax23232
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
gddiddy is right. i tried to book today. rang got the address and everything. so im driving to her apartment and i hit traffic. so i become late for our appointment. since its illegal to talk on the phone while driving i dont bother to answer my phone. when i finally get a park near her place i look at my phone. bear in mind im only about 5 minutes late for the appointment. she has rung 5 times and left 5 txt messages, starting at are you going to be long to the final one calling me a gay. i jump back in my car and drive off. as if i am going to spend money on someone like this. also i had a cop sit behind me for the entire trip so i was defiantly not going to answer my phone.... avoid like the plague.


