Thread Title: Hathaway - East Brisbane QLD - 0404 776 589
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th July 2019, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: protossno87
Post Title: 
 Hathaway - East Brisbane QLD - 0404 776 589
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hathaway

Establishment : Latrobe St, East Brisbane QLD (Private Residence)

Date of Visit : 04/07/2019

Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/Hathaway1/

Phone : +61404776589

Availability : 7 days a week by appointment only and as early as 10am

Rates : $170 per hour, seems like she removed 30m and 45m from her in the span of 24 hours

Age : Ad states 20, looks to be 26

Size/shape : Ad DD cup size 10, looks like B cup size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese (Ad says South Korean)

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, 69, all positions

Value for money/recommend? : Value for money, yes / reccomended? only if she books a motel or outcall

My experience/comments :

Hathaway is late 20 Taiwanese with an petite toght body, around 155cm tall, perky B cup breasts, small bubbly butt and a smooth shaved pussy. 
Her photos match 100%

This is my second time seeing Hathaway this year and really disappointed at the accomodation she was staying in. First time she was staying in a motel at Kangaroo Point and has since moved into a share house which she shares with multiple flat mates.

I was greeted outside of the house and proceeded to sneak me in telling to run quietly as we had to sneak past her flatmates.

She turned on some music on spotify as a cover and said flatmates dont seem to hear all the customers since moving hear? What the hell, either flatmates are deaf or they dont give a damn.

She proceeds to dance sexy while taking off her clothes and I just lie on the bed smirking in disbelief of the situation.

Due to lack of access to a bathroom she provided CBJ instead of a BBBJ during out first visit at the motel room.

Hathaway started in cowgirl then squatted to jump up and down on my cock, theres no way flatmates didnt hear that? Lol

I changed to missionary and she paused to switch to a louder fast paced music in order to make me cum faster. I knew she was rushing me so told her we should switch to doggy as I was not getting in the mood.

She spit on her hands, lubed her tight pussy and gave a hard slap on my ass and told me to fuck her.
Pounded away hard for 5mins until I came.

After I got dressed I was imprisoned for a good 10mins because flatmates were next door in the living room watching tv. She was asking me how to take the bars off her window so she could sneak customers in and if customer would mind.

Hathaway rushed to the hallway and gave me the all clear to run to her so she could again sneak me out.
She stumbled with the keys and after a few attempts unlocked the front door and pushed me out.

Visit at own risk or book an outcall, if she gives you a residential address just be warned you will be rushed and waste time waiting to be sneaked in and out.
She does provide a good service but maybe wait when she is available in a motel or hotel.
I think maybe she ran out of money and has to operate in her shared accommodation as she wanted me to stay longer, pointed at the cash sticking out of my wallet and said I had enough money to stay another 30mins.


