Thread Title: Hayley - Inala -0413 941 854
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th March 2019, 01:42 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: 
 Hayley - Inala -0413 941 854
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley

Establishment : Private Inala

Date of Visit : 2/3/19

Contact Details/Address/Webl

Phone :O413 941 854

Hours of Business : Varies. Usually 9-7 i think

Rates : $70 BBBj 15 mins. $100 for 20-30
BBJ up to 15 mins $70
Quickie up to 20 mins $80
Full Service: 30 mins $150
Full Service: 1 hour $250. 


Age : 32

Size/shape : shortish size 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ with swallow. Sex available

Value for money/recommend? : Yes considering its QLD
Howdy all. Sorry no reviews for ages due to not being to log on for a few months and been busy.
As some of you know I moved to QLD and its not like Sydney punting wise.
Been wanting to see this gal for a while but she is hard to get hold of and was a bit dubious too being Inala.

Finally on Saturday after a hard 12 hour shift and realizing I wasted my Saturday sleeping. i thought fuck this i need a Dirty BBBJ and a massage.
\Messaged her and was told all good 4pm.
After a slight stuff around due to me turning up 15 early i waited and got to see her.
She is a bbw a bit skitzy and was wearing a thread stocking which was ok but showed she had a bit of chubbiness....lol
She loves dancing and had music that i hate blaring but oh well.
Tell me with a smile to take  my pants off and away she goes teasing and sucking.
Pretty good it was too. Told her I like my balls being licked and she did that really well. Would bring her head up and spit and dribble on m y cock and then go at it again.
this went on for about 15 -20 mins and she told me to make sure to tell her when I am cumming so i thought no cim.
But then when i was cumming she went at it hammer and tongs and kept my cock in her mouth while i shot my load and swallowed the lot and made sure i was clean after too. WOW
Had a bit of a chat with her for a bit and she strikes me as being a nice girl, probably stoned and a bit lonely.
i told her I will return for more and probably a fuck as i think she would be good. A good hard fuck with me jacking off into her mouth would be great
Overall
Looks. Well its a matter of opinion but i kind of liked her and thought she was cute....6-7/10.
BBBJ with swallow....well 9/10.

Good to find a lady who does this for a good price.
Cheers.

PS she can be hard to get hold of and she told me its better short notice rather than appointments so just depends
Copul8er


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th March 2019, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley

Establishment : Private Inala

Date of Visit : 9/3/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0413 941 854

Hours of Business : 9-9 I think

Rates : BBBJ 70 15 mins. I pay $100 for 20-30 mins

Age : 32

Size/shape : Size 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australain

Services Provided : BBBJ and sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Second time to see this lady who I do enjoy.
Got stuffed around a bit as i had to wait a while and was getting annoyed.
When i went in said she had some bad news and i said I could leave if you like but she said na its ok
Started again with a really good BBBJ, good ball sucking and some pushing down deep throat.
Eventually she said she wanted to fuck so Condom on and she got on top and seemed to be enjoying it as was I but she has poor rhythm If you know what i mean.
I got on top of her and went at it for a while but then I suggested the edge of the bed missionary which i love and was going hard at it with lots of slapping sounds as we both have a bit of a belly on us...lol
Eventually blew in the dom and a good time had for sure
Overall.,..
BBBJ 8/10
SEx 7/10 pretty good overall


Will see again for sure
Copul8er


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd April 2019, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: Rutto
Post Title: 
 Hayley Inala, Brisbane - 0413 941 854
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley 

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 27/3/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto 

Phone :0413941854

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : 150/30mins

Age : 33

Size/shape : small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : f/s

Value for money/recommend? : highly recommended 

My experience/comments : great girl with an amazing personality. Paid the cash and she went straight to work with enthusiasm sucking on me till I was hard. She then grabbed a condom and really went to work. Amazing encounter she then cleaned me up with a smile. A fantastic girl with great boobs and a great ass. Highly recommend if you get the chance


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th April 2019, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: Rutto
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley 

Establishment : private house Inala

Date of Visit : 5/419

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...urvy-Milf.html

Phone :0413941854

Hours of Business : has made herself available to me at all times. Usually 9-7

Rates : from $70 to $250

Age : 30-33

Size/shape : cute chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : bbbj to fs 

Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes

My experience/comments : just an update. Another visit to Hayley which is one of many so far. She has become very chatty with me lately with txts. I pop over for a visit $80 for the quickie which always turns out to be 30-60mins these days. Great girl have a quick catch up on life then we both strip down and she starts her amazing bbbj and I reach around to start playing with her wet box. We do this for 10-15 mins and she works her way up and starts with a deep passionate kiss and grinds on my cock. I thought this is great lol. Few minutes pass and she grabs my cock and jumps on riding and grinding away I was going to explode. So I tell her to switch up to doggy and I get behind and pump away as she pushes back moaning and trying to kiss me then band I go exploding and shooting a big load inside her as she keeps pushing back then pulls my cock out and cleans it up for me which was sexy as fu k. We had another chat got dressed and away I went. We still chat and have been back a few times for a couple of nsa fun. Top girl.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th June 2019, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley

Establishment : Private in Inala

Date of Visit : 07/06/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink 
Phone :O413 941 854

Hours of Business : 9-9 ish i think

Rates : BBBJ 70 15 mins.
I go $100 for about 20-30 mins

Age : 31

Size/shape : BBW short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you can stand the run around

My experience/comments : Saw this lass on Friday after getting a stuff around on Thursday night. She told me to come now then all of a sudden just wait a bit. I told her I was at Inala shops so she said can i get her some milk and bread. All good. Then a bigger shopping list...lol...all good then I said i am coming over then it was oh wait and I said i have to work tonight...etc. Put all the stuff back on the shelf and then went home to get ready for work.....lol
Just had to get that off my chest as an example....now to the good stuff.
Lol Friday got to see her and there was a bit of a stuff around as she is a bit scattered. Anyway into the room and she is naked apart from the body stocking thingy she wears and tells me to sit on the edge of the bed and away she goes. Slow at first then hammer and tongs and wow it was worth the wait and I told her that.
I grunted that i was going to cum  and she went faster and took all of my cum into her mouth until i stopped jerking and then swallowed some and the rest into the tissue. gave her a kiss afterwards.
She then set about twerking to the music and apologizes as she done it which was cute and then showed me on the internet the "world twerking championship"...lol
Likes a chat she does and I think she is a bit lonely . She asked if I could give her a lift up to the Richlands pub and as she got out she said she wishes someone would come and play pool with her and then took off. 
I did think bout it but she is a bit scattered and would be a fun girl if she had her shit together so to speak.
overall
BBBJ 8/10 really good.
I will go for the fuck also next time to try her out a bit kore
Cheers chaps


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th June 2019, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is there a current ad for her?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th June 2019, 09:23 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Its on locanto. Just search at Inala and it will come up
Sorry i tried posting a link but it didnt work


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd June 2019, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: ballbag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley

Establishment : Home

Date of Visit : June/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.locanto.com.au/by/hayleymilf7/4bbd95/

Phone : 0413941854

Hours of Business : all day + late night

Rates : $250/hr

Age : ~30

Size/shape : short and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

This was my third attempt to get a hold of her. The first two times just didn't line up. So I shoot off a message and get a quick response. I wanted an hour and she was happy with that. I head over there and because I'm a retard, I go to the wrong house. So eventually I get into her house and shes shorter that I thought. Don't know why as I had no indication of her height but I thought she was cute and fun so it was certainly on. She walks me to her room and she has some music on which is cool. Shes wearing a nice black outfit which shows off her body very well. She moves me onto her bed and into a position that suited her and starts on me. Her body and touching took me seconds to get hard and she licked and sucked and took my shaft all the way deep into her throat. She used her throat to massage my cock like I've never felt before. I enjoyed this for quite a bit and then just had to have her on me. She gets up on and gets me inside her. Nice, warm and tight. She starts grinding on me but has a little trouble keeping on top as shes little which amused her. We keep this up for a bit and then she wants to do some doggy. Thats ok with me so she lays right down and backs her nice ass right up to me. I hop inside and she pushes back against me. I like doggy but it is not my favourite position. We do this for a bit and then I get her underneath me and I get over her face and she deep throats me. She gets me all the way there and I cum with her once again massaging my cock whilst its down her throat. What an experience! She cleans up a little bit because she had a little bit of make up on and it ran.

Shes ready to go again but as I am not, she offers me a double JD and we have a drink and talk for a while. I even get her guitar amp working for her to which she is very happy and pleased. We talk for quite a bit and show each other our tastes in music. I think she really enjoyed the company. She told me some things about her personal life which I will not mention here but I got the feeling shes a bit lonely and she hasn't had the best life up until this point. As I write this now, I kind of want to give her a call and just hang out with her a bit since we both got along really well with each other.

After my drink is finished the hour has passed. I mention this to her and although she has other personal plans later on in the night (which I already knew about) she insists that I unload again. I say that I'm fine as I was quite content but either she felt obligated (which I don't think she did) or she wanted to just go again. So she gets started with a BBBJ again but then an internal battle breaks out. I've been listening to some of my favourite songs and enjoying this awesome BJ - my two heads are at it. Turns out at this stage I need the music off. She has a laugh at this and turns the music down. We get back into it and I lay her down for some missionary. I get right over her close and have her really nice breasts in my arms as I thrash around inside her. She was really getting off on this but after the first shot, the double jack, the music and the great chat, not to mention the fair bit of extra time we've spend together, I'm calling it a night. Shes not disappointed but kind of surprised maybe? She tells me she owes me a cum and that she had a great time and that It'd be cool if we hung out sometime maybe.


Hayley is a really nice girl.




ballbag


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th June 2019, 11:38 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review and i got that feeling from her too that she is a bit lonely.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 27th August 2019, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: ballbag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
her new account

https://www.locanto.com.au/by/sassyWench02/194be0/


