Thread Title: Hayley - Broadbeach - 0439 984 868
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th March 2014, 02:23 AM
Poster ID: reflex
Post Title: 
 Hayley - Broadbeach - 0439 984 868
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley

Establishment : Private Motel

Date of Visit : 23/04/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0439 984 868 - LOCANTO (SEXY SCOOL GIRL EXPERIENCE 20YO) - ESCORT AND BABES (PINK PUSSY)

PINK PUSSY Gold Coast Surfers Paradise Escort and Adult Services

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $150 Half Hour $280 / 1 hour

Age : 20 (she's definitely early-mid 20's)

Size/shape : 10 - Advertises D Cup but more like A-B (nice tits but not D's) 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi / Euro

Services Provided : Full Service 

Value for money/recommend? : MAYBE / MAYBE

My experience/comments : I've been keeping my eye on this girl for months but she always seemed expensive and full of extras that should be free not $50 & $100 (for dress up and roll play etc) ... she showed up on Locanto and after texting she came back at $150 for half so I thought that was worth the punt. 

Beachfront apartment at Broadbeach was clean and she was very pretty as her pictures showed - straight in for a shower (at her request) even though I had just had one and then on to the bed. Very limited small talk - she's definitely a Kiwi and sometimes a little hard to understand - could be the drink or a hearing / speech impediment - not sure??? CBJ lasted for 2 minutes tops and then she lubed up and jumped on. Rode me for a few minutes and was then asking to change position with me going on top but I stayed put playing with her tits and taking in the view. Swapped over and went the mish and sucked and played with her tits as she rubbed her clit ... moans and groans were put on for the most part - as I went harder she did become a little more genuine and her pussy tightened, nipples got hard so it could have been real. Asked me to go doggy which eventually I did and this was probably the best part although it's not my favorite position.

Mobile phone was going off all the time with messages and then the alarm went off - I asked if that was time and she said yes ... I asked if I could COB and she said no only in the condom ... I said I'd struggle and she said that was time up and stood up ... asked her to give me one more minute and did her missionary again - I needed eye contact to get off and she did look me in the eye after asking several times and that did the job. Shower and got dressed as she put on her schoolgirl outfit for the next customer (that outfit was pretty hot but not worth $50).

Overall: Generally a predictable production line hump - didn't really do it for me - very pretty girl - very nice body - nice face - really nice package ... but no real connection. 
If you like the girl next door look then you might have fun here - if you saw her on the street you'd think she was hot but the service didn't live up to the potential. Wouldn't go back - better value elsewhere. 


Rating: 5/10


