Thread Title: Hayley - Southport - 0432 635 826
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2018, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Hayley - Southport - 0432 635 826
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley

Establishment : My Motel

Date of Visit : 25\12\2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 635 826

Phone : 0432 635 826

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $300 Ph

Age : 20

Size/shape : Slimmish 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 
Having a few nights on the coast over Christmas to see some of the kids, not planning to buy a present but as always messaged a few girls , well more then a few & no reply to most but a few did reply & stated they where not available due to some guy being born in this day many years ago. But that's at least good customer service. A few did reply but Hayley caught me eye. Nothing really special to look at but attractive & good body but she offered rough & sub & that's something I have not had in a while.

So organized a 2 hour session for $450 she was happy with that. She arrived around 10:00pm & rather straight up, maybe to forward for some but at least she tells it like it is. Basically said for the money you can fuck me as hard as ya want, don't hold back and be rough. Anything I'm not happy with I will tell straight away, may come out blunt but in the heat of fucking if I'm not down for it then I want it to stop straight away.

So pay the wages and off we go. The first round was tame but very enjoyable, she loves sucking cock noi end and her pussy was amazing to eat, her ass clean & tasty so all in all a good root first upz she rode really well before some legs over the shoulder as I drilled the first load into her.

After a shirt recess & cuddles, as she was rubbing my chest then my cock she says " do you think you have it in you to treat me like a Utter sliut & punish me as much or hard as you want!"  Sure I said so she starts sucking my cock again & asked her to kneel down as I fucked her fucked her mouth as hard as I could, grabbed her hair & pounded her face as hard as I ever have to a girl & she was loving it....with my fingers held her mouth open as I fucked her face, choked as hard as I ever have a girl & she wanted more & more. Needing her vagina on my mouth I flipped her on her back, mounted her face to proceed to fuck her face as I ate her pussy....stretching her box to breaking point as she cummed hard...this went on for a hour I would say before I needed to fuck this girl, I get on top to fuck her while choking her so hard she was going red but she just said " that's it baby fuck this little cunt of a whore".

So int doggy as i fuck her, pushing her head into the mattress with alot of force, she was totally going off, grab her mouth with my fingers and pull her mouth open as she bites my fingers, slap her arse so hard it left marks, scraped my fingernails down her back to almost bleed point!... Before busting my nuts as she bucked back on my cock...

Look this fire cracker loves it rough & loves it hard! 
At the end I asked if she was OK with deep marks around her throat, back & arse...her simple reply was if there are no bruising then you never fucked me right!

P4P


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2018, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: canberra4u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi...where did you find her number? Cheers


