Thread Title: Heidi - Brisbane - 0477 600 302
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th October 2014, 12:21 AM
Poster ID: thefruitbat
Post Title: 
 Heidi - Brisbane - 0477 600 302
				
Post Content: 
Name: Heidi

Establishment: Private 

Date of visit: 24/10/2014

Contact details: 0477 600 302 Bj Special let me suck you dry from $100 - Best Full Girlfriend Experience - brisbane escorts - backpage.com

Hours of business: varies

Rates: $250 p/h (outcall)

Age: Late 20's

Size/shape: size 8-10, 36DD (implants), short (approx 165cm), little chubby around the midsection

Nationality: Chinese/Taiwanese

Services provided: sex (3 positions only), hj, cbj, cob

Value for money/recommendations: No & fuck NO!

My experience/comments:
Complete waste of $250. This bitch is a complete waste of time, avoid at all costs. She arrived 30 mins late, we got naked & she gave a half assed bj for a few seconds (none of the deepthroat that was advertised), jumped on cowgirl for a minute, then missionary for a few minutes, & doggy for a couple of minutes. All the while she kept saying "you cumming? No cumming? You cumming? No cumming?" After about 10 minutes she jumped off took off the dom & gave a half assed hj for a minute, then gave up & asked me to finish myself off. After I came on her tits she didn't offer to clean me up or anything just went to clean herself off, then when I went to clean myself off in the bathroom the fucken bitch took off. I payed for 1 hour, she disappeared after 20 minutes. 
I cannot stress this enough, AVOID THIS CUNT AT ALL COSTS! Worst fucken punt in years


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th October 2014, 06:21 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Heidi's Back Page ad,





			
				 Full Girlfriend Experience - BJ - HJ - Body to body rub - Erotic Relaxation - Deepthroat up to 8 inch - COB - COF - Golden Shower - Rimming - Erotic Touch - Mutual Oral Experience - Shower together - Ball Licking - Mutual Enjoyment - Titty Fk Me

New to Australia - Taiwan Bunny - Let me show you my Best Erotic Experience

Hi, if you made it to read this far I thank you very much. Please look my real pictures on this advertising. My name is Heidi and I am new here to Australia i'm just arrived here for study and work.

I want to improve my english language skill and experience Australia culture and to meet new people. I'm 24 and i will turn 25 in December this year, my favourite colour roses are red and I like sweet and nice man.

I have awesome Big D real bust and i love to titty fk and play. Lets oil up and have fun. I do full body to body erotic relaxation and full girlfriend experience services.

*** My GFE includes full passionate kissing, touching and playing.

Range of service and experience available.

$100 - 15 mins BJ Special Service

$130 - 30 mins Full Service Bj, Sex

$170 - 45 mins Full Service Bj, Sex Includes Full body to body rub

$200 - 60 mins Full Service Bj, Sex Includes Full body to body rub and mutual oral, shower together.

$250 - 60 mins Full Service Outcall to your house or hotel Brisbane areas only, extra cost for out of Brisbane

I Only using my real pics so please i would appreciate any real enquiries, please understand my english not perfect so to text message also very better.

0477 600 302

Poster's age: 24
• Location: Brisbane, Kangaroo point

• Post ID: 5254600 brisbane

• Other ads by this user:
http://brisbane.backpage.com/FemaleE...day-24/5254747

http://brisbane.backpage.com/FemaleE...xxx-24/5254688

http://brisbane.backpage.com/FemaleE...day-24/5254651


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th October 2014, 08:02 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry for your experience mate, it will save those who read these forums in Brisbane alot of anger & money so this post is to me so much more valuable then the good post.

Better luck next time mate, best thing I find is go to a relaible girl you have seen before & wipe away them memories.

P4P


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th October 2014, 11:21 AM
Poster ID: tobyhard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bad luck dude, I was going to ring her too.

Thanks for info.

Tell you what boys I've been wanting to write up a decent report since I moved to brissy from the goldy, but I've had 5 shit
punts in a row and fucking expensive.

Whats with the girls here?

I did notice many more reports coming from goldy than here and wondered if it was just less blokes on this site or just a shit scene.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th November 2014, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: matey2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Heidi

Establishment: Private

Date of visit: 17/10/2014

Contact details: Southern Cross Hotel, Main St, Kangaroo Pt; 0477 600 302 - OMG --------- -------- -------- ----------- ---------> Don't miss this offer XXX - brisbane escorts - backpage.com 

Hours of business: Not sure

Rates: $130 30mins

Age: Late 20’s?

Size/shape: size 8-10, ~160cm, a bit plump, 36D (fake?), with a flat arse.

Nationality: Chinese/Taiwanese

Services provided: CBJ, lame sex 

Value for money/recommendations: Terrible!

My experience/comments:
A total waste of time and money! I text to book around midday at her KP apart. and quickly get a response. "Hi Babe, that will be fine..." etc. (hate that 'babe' shit - always a warning, should have exited). I arrive right on time, but get a "I'll be ready in just a minute..." etc. text. A minute drags on to 10mins, then to 15mins. So, I text again. "Be ready soon..." she replies. After 25mins loitering near the auto-door, I am almost ready to walk. Then, after 30 mins, she texts "Come up now...". I arrive to find a rather distant woman appearing in the dress you see on Backpage and wearing a lot of make-up. She motions me into the shower. After the shower I lie down. It appears she doesn't have much English (or is lazy). I ask her where she is from and where she lives, but she doesn't fully understand, ..or is playing dumb. Then she starts to mumble something about 'not sure' and 'The Boss'. So, it seems to me that this girl is a member of a 'team' of girls who are all working for some 'Boss'. This starts to explain the fluent English in her ad on Backpage and the similarity it has to other girl's ads on the site - they are all written by 'The Boss'. She takes off her bra and pulls down her dress top, so the boobies poke out. She then pulls her knickers off and pulls up her dress - that's it, she never actually takes off her dress, so pathetic! As with fruitbat, she starts with a half-assed cbj for a few minutes.  None, repeat NONE, of the GFE services listed in the long ad are offered, although a few things may be possible if you pay her a fat 'extras' fee.  Did a bit of doggy then some missionary just to get over the line. In doggy she angled her body and flat arse to one side to prevent much entry (I'm average). There was virtually no conversation and her face was frozen stiff. After 20min of my 30min, I was showered and out the door... NEVER TO RETURN! ...AVOID!!
Anyway..., blow me down if 5 days later, some girl doesn't text my number saying her friend (I figure Heidi) gave my number to her and would I ('babe') like to visit her for a great service! I search Backpage with the number and it is 'Lucy'. Indeed Lucy is another one with a fake 'all bells and whistles GFE' ad on Backpage! So, there you go fellas - another one to AVOID (LUCY)!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th November 2014, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: Fancyfun
Post Title: 
 Heidi Lee - Brisbane - 0477 600 302
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: heidi lee


Establishment: private


Date of Visit:24/11/14


Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Real Pics Full Girlfriend Experience - Kissing Special Booby FK me today - brisbane escorts - backpage.com


Hours of Business: early till late


Rates:$100-250


Age: 27+


Size/shape: Petite


Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian


Services Provided: Full Service/half service/BJ


Value for money/recommend?: EXPENSIVE FOR POOR SERVICE - Not Recommended 


My experience/comments:


She was clearly having a bad day, but the service was very rushed and she does none of what the ads say, presumably because she doesn't post them. I felt as though my presence was totally unwanted and to be honest she didn't handle the family jewels with much care (imagine getting your nuts kneaded like a lump of dough by a broad shouldered baker and you'll start to get an idea of the abusive treatment my poor little lads were getting). 


She doesn't manage her own texts because we had a cum-more-than-once agreement over an hour booking, but as soon as I got in there she said I could only go once, though I was able to cajole her into an agreement to a HJ for the second run. After I came the first time I actually wanted to leave, it was that unpleasant, but I decided to stick it out seeing as though I'd paid for the hour. We got there in the end for the second time after much fumbling about, having had to get myself hard first because she couldn't, then being told 'maybe you should do it yourself since you're so good at it'! 


Fair to say that after going home battered and bruised, the lesson is learned, will be seeing girls based on reviews from now on!


