Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th August 2016, 11:58 PM
Poster ID: armitage
Post Title: 
 Honey/Jessie - Broadbeach - 0422 170 405
				
Post Content: 
Hope this review passes the test!  Note that this was a classic bait 'n' switch/fake backpage photos situation - but the following info might save other punters some grief!

Person's Name : she said 'Jessie' (advertised as 'Honey')

Establishment : Apartment (Broadbeach, Qld)

Date of Visit : 30th August

Web link - Gold Coast Backpage

? Beautiful Honey NEW ? I'd LoVe To ShOw YoU mY dIaMoNdS & pEaRlS? - Gold Coast escorts - backpage.com

0422170405

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : Advertised $200/hr (I only ended up paying for 30 minutes - $130 - see below for further details)

Age : Unknown - in her mid 30's for sure (advertised as being 25 years old online).

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : she said Korean (advertised as Japanese)

Services Provided : FS, DATY, LFK, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No - see below

My experience/comments :

I'm a reasonably experienced punter when overseas - but have never thought to try my hand in the domestic market!  The ridiculous prices in Queensland are the major reason I've refrained.  As QLD punters, we really need to get the hourly rate down to $150.  You guys in Sydney have it so good.  Did plenty of research, and I thought I'd got onto a good one (see the link above).  Checked the backpage images via Google - and didn't find them being used elsewhere, so I thought my chances were reasonable that it might be a genuine ad.  I actually booked a two-hour session - and was really looking forward to it (I prefer longer sessions).  Had good communication with 'Honey' via text, so the vibes were good.

How wrong was I.

Arrived on time, knocked on the door - to be greeted by a completely different person- nothing like the pics in the advertisement.  This chick was about 35 (apparently Korean) and not very cheerful.  And she had a cold.  And she couldn't manage two hours.  She suggested one hour.  My brain told me to leave.  My little bro wasn't having any of that.  I agreed to an hour.

She had an interesting face, which I found kinda attractive.  Truth be told, if she actually advertised with GENUINE photos - she'd probably do okay.  Actually, I imagine the apartment is utilized by more than one girl - and it's just random luck that decides who's going to be there at any given time.

Truth be told, it wasn't the worst punt I've had.  FS was on offer, as well as some DATY/CBJ and some LFK.  Perhaps she would have been more cheerful without her cold - but you could tell her care factor was approaching zero and it never rose above three.  I did the deed in 30 minutes, so (to her credit I guess) she refunded me $70 (so I ended up paying $130 for the half hour).  On the positive side, I walked out with $270 in my pocket which I can save for another rainy day.  What was that song Eric Idle used to sing?  Always look on...

Moral of the story - never, never, never, never, never....never assume the photos on backpage are genuine.

Off to Sydney next week where I will get the opportunity to visit a few famous establishments and well-reviewed girls!


