Thread Title: Hostess Mika - Brisbane (CBD) - 0409 883 383
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2010, 08:59 PM
Poster ID: theone
Post Title: 
 Hostess Mika - Brisbane (CBD) - 0409 883 383
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Hostess Mika

Establishment (if applicable):Private

Contact Details/Address:Hostess Mika - Brisbane City CBD Independent Japanese Private Escort, Tantra, Sex Therapy & Shiatsu

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:Half hour 130 hour 250 

Age:says 26 but i think between 40-50

Size/shape:32F-22-32

Nationality or Ethnicity:Japanese

Services: erotic massage and full service

Value for money/recommend?:yes

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)
Has a few strange rules like doesn't like nipples being touched which is a pity because those are here best assets. She is very polite and is easy to talk to.  Does an excellent Japanese massage.
And yes I will be back


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th February 2020, 01:27 AM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 Hostess Mika - Brisbane City CBD Independent Japanese
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mika

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : Early Feb 2020

Contact Details/Weblink : Hostess Mika - Brisbane City CBD Independent Japanese Private Escort, Tantra, Sex Therapy & Shiatsu: Home

Address: Corner of Mary and George St - Brisbane CBD

Phone : 0409 883 383

Hours of Business : Mon-Sun from 12pm to 7pm

Rates : $250 for 1hr

Age : Ad claims she's 29 - but she's more like 45-50

Size/shape : Long Black hair which goes all the way down to her arse (uses a japanese style chopstick to tie it into a ball), size 6, slim, D cup bolt-ons, very small nipples, trimmed pussy in the shape of Tasmania, No tatoos, 1.5m tall, 45kg, small arse, Speaks English and Japanese, white smooth skin, with an average (or possibly below average) face, somewhat of an inflated tummy though she claims not to have had any children.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Tantric Massage with FS and Sex Therapy

Value for money/recommend? : Avoid at all costs

My experience/comments :

Early in Feb I made a quick visit to Brisbane to look at some potential investment properties.Strapped for time and due to fly back I had a few hours to spare so I checked for some local talent in the Brisbane CBD. I stumbled across a link which for all intents and purposes looked and sounded quite promising. 
Hostess Mika - Brisbane City CBD Independent Japanese Private Escort, Tantra, Sex Therapy & Shiatsu: Home

Without hesitation I contacted the private WL and made an appointment to see her before heading to Brisbane airport. 
Mika is located in a block of high rise residential apartments and upon reaching the main entrance of the building I called her, she buzzed me in and gave me the floor and room number.

Knocked on the door and this diminutive but slim Asian MILF greets me. She was wearing a bikini and had high heels on giving her an extra 5cm-10cm. What I remember the most was the length of her hair and her massive silicone breasts popping out of the bra screaming to be sucked dry - they were quite apocalyptic.. Personally I thought the size D bolt-on's looked out of proportion in comparison to the rest of her diminutive and slim body.

Some small talk about the weather and city life etc she offered me some refreshments to break the ice. She provided some additional information about her services and stated I could cum as many times within the hour. With all the formalities out of the way I showered and made my way to her bedroom.

She took off her bikini and began to massage me with occasional body slides...using hands, elbows, tits, legs, hair, pussy, feet etc etc - not much of a massage let alone a tantric one. The other annoying thing is that this WL can talk....the shit that came out of her mouth about tantric sex, kama sutra, multiple orgasms, erectile dysfunction, female ejaculation etc etc was agonizing. I was thinking to myself she either has a lose screw or it's a deliberate ploy to cut short my pussy and action time.

Her nipples and areolas were awfully small and she didn't like them sucked or squeezed as they were sensitive; but she didn't mind the rest of her breast being squeezed and these were quite hard and rigid. Eventually her bullshit tantric massage was cut short and we got to the main course. She began stroking my cock, and when it was semi hard she slipped a dom and began CBJ. Once it was at full mast she looked at my cock and I sensed some trepidation. Far from being well hung like Sean Michaels or Ron Jeremy I said myself fuck this and sensing her apprehension I took the preemptive approach and told her my cock was ultra sensitive and very fragile and she had to be very very gentle and slow when slipping it in. 
I gave her some bullshit story that the head and shaft of my penis had previously suffered blunt trauma through a series of bad fellatio experiences with Caucasian women. She lubed my cock and her pussy and began to slowly impale herself....I made some agonizing gestures with my face and gave some bullshit "ouch" noises as she inserted herself cowgirl style. I grabbed and lifted her arse and told her to go in slower. She constantly watched my hard cock as she impaled herself and would occasionally look at me to gauge for any facial or painful reactions. A sight to behold as my cock s-l-o-w-l-y split her labias and like quicksand disappeared into the nether of her vagina. 

Eventually after enjoying some slow insertion action her pussy juices began flowing and all the bullshit about traumatized, fragile and sensitive cock went out the window. I spun some shit about kama sutra and for the next 10-15 mins I got to try a few positions so I could get my money's worth. Eventually I pinned her down missionary style, pulled her legs behind her hears and pumped away deep and hard for all she was worth. Succumbing to the inevitable I blew my load and collapsed on top of her like a sack of potatoes.

Some chit chat and cleanup, another quick shower and I was on my way out. 

The ad, the description and photos look enticing....but she's a clock watcher, has no real tantric or shiatsu skills, sex therapy sounds more like soft core sex/pillow talk. She's not the nymphomaniac her ad claims her to be and there are way much better options out there. 
For a good massage you're better off going to the legitimate Thai place and for F/S hold off and save the punt for one of the better known brothels.


