Thread Title: Hot Frisky Babe - Ipswich - 0478 919 749
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th July 2013, 08:05 AM
Poster ID: ryan_bris
Post Title: 
 Hot Frisky Babe - Ipswich - 0478 919 749
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hot Frisky Babe
 Establishment : Outcalls in car or public park
 Date of Visit : July 7th

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto ad. 0478 919 749 
 Hours of Business : 8 - 6
 Rates : $100 / 30min (handjob)
 Age : 35

 Size/shape : Slim size 8, small tits with nipple ring, fully shaved pussy, blonde hair
 Nationality or Ethnicity : Oz

 Services Provided : hand job, blow job, full service
 Value for money/recommend? : yes!!
Met at agreed location (park) in Ipswich.  Was greeted by gorgeous blonde in short dress.  After exchanging pleasantries she unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out, I only requested hand job but she went straight to work with her mouth. I placed my hand under her skirt to reveal a tiny g string and a very wet, smooth pussy underneath.  She asked me to finger her and the harder I went the harder she sucked.  After about 3 minutes I couldn't take it any longer and signalled that I was about to cum, this didn't slow her down and she kept going until there was nothing left.  Highly recomnmend


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th August 2013, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: showser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds great. I'd have been a bit worried it was a setup for a mugging or something.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th August 2013, 12:53 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yes please. sounds hot as well. wish I was closer to this.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th August 2013, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She could suck start a Harley Davidson...and doesn't leave a trace, if you know what I mean. Pussy is tight and she gets wet really easily. I just sampled the bj skills but had a good play of her taco while she worked.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th September 2013, 07:45 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Skye, Incall Kelvin Lodge, Brisbane, QLD 0478 919 749
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Skye (goes by other names)

Establishment : Incall Kelvin Lodge 

Date of Visit : 25/09/2013 at 7:30pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478 919 749

Hours of Business : Unknown but seems to be when ever 

Rates : $250 hour / $400 for 2 hours + $50 fuel QUOTED

Age : 26

Size/shape : Tight 8 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : PSE FULL SERVICE

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES

My experience/comments :  Well reading all the reviews has made me very horny but not wanting to really leave the house this evening so decided to get a incall, had this girl in mind for a while and have had chats with her previous and sounded something different to my usual girl, she seemed slutty where I normally go for the softer more sensual experience but I figured she was the only 1 willing to actually willing to tell me about her self, and at 1st reluctent to come to my place normally works Ipswich area and loves outdoor fucking but I dont enjoy this and prefer the comfort of being comfortable, for what ever reason she was quiet / needed the money so $400 / 2 hours + $50 to cover fuel she arrived around 7:30pm sigh really unseen she just said blonde hot body!
Well looks well 26 she claims no need to doubt this she looks mid 20's, smoking fit body and attractive in a very tight black short dress ready to please, a massive passionate kiss almost as soon as she opened the door, then we settle in gave her the $50 to cover fuel as agreed apon, and 3 min of dicussions of what is on offer ... she come straight out I LOVE SUCKING COCK love being fucked, love it from strange men love it outdoors, dirty hard hot sex is what she loves, again not my normal sort of girl but I was horny, she looked very nice and sometimes you got to mix it up so handed over the $400 and she showered.

Well straight down to it, nice figure, nice size tits, nice tight looking shaved pussy and striaght onto the bed for passionate kisses while she wanked my already hardened cock as i fingered her so hard, she said harder "i love my cunt being rammed" this went on for a solid 10 minutes I was so worked up had to back her of a couple of times from me blowing, she said when I want to blow let her know and she will take it all over her face, and not to worry baby you got 2 more hours & I will suck your cock to get it hard again...I advised this lady of my intended explosion and sure as water is wet she stands me up and I unload all over her attractive face and she gets some in her mouth where she says mmm love the taste of thick jism...

Without much time to pass she latches onto my cock and starts one hell of a PSE blowjob, she gets me to lay on my bed she she spits, deepthroats, she smacks her cheeks, chin, forhead 7 chin with my cock, rubbing my balls all over her face, all the time my cock wanting to explode but I got the feeling she knew when to back of at this stage, and settle me down before another assault on my wanting cock, she gave one hell of a blowjob again not my sort of session but I have to admitt I was in sheer elation at this freak of a girl and her ability to turn a man on. I blow all in her mouth and she dont hesitate to swollow the lot while keep sucking, playing with my balls to get me rather hard again. It was like I had not time to recover again not my normal session with a lady, not sure how much time had gone by but it seemed like 5 min but in all honesty was just over 30 min and all she wanted was to suck cock! 

Well I was hard within minutes, she lay up near me kissing me and for a change up gently strocking my cock, I think she could tell I needed just a fraction of time to recover, after about 10 min of cock stroking, neck kissing, kissing my chest she asked what do I enjoy, i Said eating pussy for sure! So down I go, a very very wet pussy that takes no time in getting her moaning, onto a very nice clit sucking as hard as I could, she loves this and pushing my head away to part her pussy and getting me to suck on her clit while she stuffs 3 fingers inside her vagina, begging me to throw a few fingers in at the same time, was rather hard trying to suck on her clit while all these hands where down there before she settled in and let me take direction for the 1st real time, 4 fingers ramming her pussy and my mouth covering her clit had her sqirting to high heaven, she loves being fucked hard and rought simple as this. She beggs me to fuck her as hard as I can so I climb on and fuck her as hard as I think I could she screaming the house down before I blow yet again all with in the hour 3 times I cum. I was happy in all honesty and was about to send her home only for a hours work.

After a drink we chat finally she coming down of this sexual high, a good 25 - 30 min chat and talk, she tells her story I try and take a interest, she said she has a massive sex drive and gets turned on by the thought of strange men just treating her like a slut but in a nice way, she said she has seen men who treat her like a slut in a nice way but the men who try and degrade her she hates, she herself has stated she has heard negative feedback from guys who book her, but as she tells her story its only negative when they treat her to wrong way, she explains yeah i like to be treated like a slut but let me take the control and when I feel it maybe getting to out of control she reels it it and most men realise and settle it down. So at least she admitts to having bad feedback. She says she come tonight because she had a few no shows and wanted to just get laid bad

After a while she asks what I enjoy in a session and tell her I generally like the slow / medium session where its more about sensual and erotic touches and slow sex, she then says well want to go again but this time you take the lead. So some sensual kissing and soft gentle play, fingering and sucking of her tits before I go down for my style of pussy eating and thats just slow licking of the clit, tonges in the vagina, slow licking of the flaps up and down, she soon gets how my style is completely different to her style and even pipes up this is nice though even if its softer and not as hard as I like, so continue this vain while she gets around and end up in a 69er with me on top and she does a gentler cock sucking session more sensual the way I enjoy it but still balls deep in her throat and it does feel amazing the way she "tickles" my cock when its all the way in her mouth, I get down to her ass and give it a bit of a touch up and before long she says sex ? yeah why not she hops on for some nice slow to meduim fucking with kisses, before I say lets finish this night off with doggy, and well decided to give it to her so into doggy and fuck her solid for a good 10 minutes, hard as i could before blowing for the last time. I think this hard doggy cought her off guard as she said well I expected a slower fucking but that was hot not expecting that.
Wrapped up the night alittle after 9:30pm and a big kiss good night and thanked me for being a gentleman and said just call / message me if you want to do this again any time.

Overall: Not my normal sort of girl, she is slim and attractive, young with a very tight figure - all my type of girl but right from the outset when she was selling her services the slutty hard nature this is def not my sort of girl I generally see, I am very much a sensual, erotic, slow to medium sort of a guy who enjoys taking sex slow so this was one right out of the box. Not bad at all and sometimes you need to change it up and I for 1 am glad i took the punt on this one, shook me out of my sexual foundations and gave it a touch up that it sorely required. She will admitt she has been fucked over and she indeed has fucked guys over who treat her like shit. All in all a very worthwhile experience. Will say she prefers the outdoors and Ipswich areas though will travel as long as its a genuine booking. I think the lure of $50 fuel helped seal the deal for me on this accurance of the interlude.

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th January 2014, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: Rocco
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been trying to see this chick for a bit of outdoor fun the last week. She is still advertising on locanto, however didn't have any luck making a booking.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th January 2014, 06:18 PM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am going to give her a try this week.  Her Locanto is still up with the following:

* AUSTRALIAN SENSATION * THE BEST IN THE WEST *

Extremely pretty and attractive aqua-eyed blonde 
doll. Long lean legs, 5 ft 6, sexy toned shaved
smooth size 8 body, awesome cellulite-free arse!

Very alluring and very seductive. Outgoing cheeky 
and loud, many find me simply irresistable. Daring
aventurous and fun-loving, i love to meet up with 
horny strangers-OUTSIDE! Exciting, thrilling and
adrenalin pumping, a rush like no other and i can
guarantee you i will make you feel so alive!

OUTDOORS -OR- YOU MAY TAKE ME TO YOURS

0478 919 749 

PLAY KISSING HJ 80

DEEPTHROAT BJ From 100-200

SUCK N' FUCK 120

FULL GIRLFRIEND SERVICE 180/30MIN 300/1HR 500/2HRS

YOUR GIRLFRIEND OVERNIGHT 1200/12HRS

YOUR GIRLFRIEND DAY+NIGHT 2000/24HRS

Also pictures:


Floor: #8
Post Time: 14th January 2014, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: Garth666
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is chick is fucking nuts. Tried to set something up a couple of times but she ends up flipping out and says no to a hook up.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 14th January 2014, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: Rocco
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nuts sounds about right lol. Asked if she was still around brisbane, because not being from brissy myself, i consider ipswich just a suburb of brisbane. I was willing to drive to ipswich, however got told to fuck off and she hung up on me haha. Would be a good fuck though i reckon.


