Thread Title: Hunter Moore - Gympie - 0406 857 609
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2014, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Hunter Moore - Gympie - 0406 857 609
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hunter Moore

Establishment : Motel Gympie

Date of Visit : 04/01/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 857 609

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : Depends I negotiated $700 / Longer Times by negiotation.

Age : 18 - JUST

Size/shape : 12 / very nice 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FULL SERVICE

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES

My experience/comments : Well what can I say punt number 1 for 2014 turned out to be brilliant BUT i must tell the story, this Hunter Moore does advertise over mainly locanto - she does admit it limits her marketing but she has been advertising for the past few months, though under all different strategies, so it could be hard to spot her. Now further to this have emailed her a fair bit over the past month, cancelling 2 bookings at really short notice, so had all the intel, the can & cant do's - very little lol........So after a well shit Saturday where I was just stressed & also being in Hervey Bay with my daughter & having issues with her boyfriend I get a text asking how am I! Anyway I said I wish I was in Brisbane as I would book you! This mind you was at 8pm, to my surprise she asked where I was & basically it fell a touch flat then around 8:30pm she said well I can get to the Sunshine Coast (she was on the Gold Coast) to my reply if you can get to Gympie I will book you & she asked how much did I have I replied with $700 - was for a 4 hour booking, she agreed so off to Gympie I go calling a few motels & finding one able to stay open til i get there. Was around 10:30 expected arrival.

Around 10:10pm just out near Glenwood on the Bruce Highway I get a text from her, I have run out of fuel lol fuck me I replied um where, she was actually at the Transit Lounge about 15 min south of Gympie, I let her know I will go pay for the motel & then head her way, along the way she said look I will do 2 hours tonight and 2 hours in morning as we realised would be around 11:30 by the time I got out there to give her some cash for fuel then back, so in I go pay for the motel then head out to the transit lounge, along the way she says, I need a good root lol. I pull up & find her parked, get out to well a very very cute, attractive girl with curves right in the right spots, the girl next door if ever there was one, totally spell bound by this simply down to earth 18yo girl with a heart of gold. So give her $50 she goes fills up & follows me to the motel, she never been this far north before.

So arrive to a dark motel lol but the kind lady at reception put the air con on, been muggier then a mugger up this part of the world, so we park and partake in a little conversation before going into the motel room & having a drink, she was dressed in moonlight white, really nice outfit.

She goes & showers & comes out and wow, she was beautiful to me anyways her body was a 18yo body, curves where they should be & a bubble ass you find on a black chick...breasts where a C maybe, but perky as perk could be, nipples pink & a flamingo, stunning is all I could say. So we chat a little, realising she was horny I take my shirt of & wonder over to start the session in earnest, passionate kisses 7 this girl could kiss, was very intimate is the best way to describe it, before we make our way to the bed, my shorts off where she greets me with more kisses while slowly kissing her way down for a stella BBBJ, spitting to make my cock glisten, very nice action, about 30 second bursts of sucking before a bit of spit & a good wank, you could her the slurp of her spit on my cock. A little bit of titty fucking before she slowly gets on top & eases her way onto my cock. Some very nice steady rythem  worked up in no time, between gyrating her cunt on my pelvic bone to bouncing to being over for passionate kisses, this was on good cock riding session, 15 min into this I ask her to lay down, I want to eat you, WOW nice nice nice, the flavour, the look was pure pink but easily reached orgasm, a loud one to i pity the people either side of us to be honest she was loud, a good 3 fingers inside as i ate her to 2 orgasms, before she begged to be fucked like a whore as she said, she said just smash me baby please, i climb on, pull her hair like a good girl, trust me I really pulled on her hair like no tomorrow & fucked sorry smashed her til I blew & fuck I blew hard, she refused to let me climb off til all my jism was spent, with some nice passionate kisses.

WOW so we talk for a solid 40 min I reckon about her life, my life, we pretty much spill our beans so to speak about everything ... anyways on to rooting yeah...

So as we chatted, I all the while cuddle into her, little kisses as she stroked my chest, before my hands wonder to her fucking great ass, so session 2 is on the way, we kiss for a good 10 minutes, she was dripping before another BBBJ of 1st class standard, before she hops up and sits on my face, fucking my face as she exploded a few times, then she gets her vibrator out lays down & fucks her self with encouragement from the gallery (me) as I spread her pussy lips & watch this massive dildo plunge deep inside her cunt, she cums a few times then begs me to get my cock in & fuck her - her words thrash my cunt, with the vibe now on her clit i thrash her while we kiss & i choke her in-between fierce hair pulling. I explode deed inside yet again but you could feel her cumming again & she would not let me pull out til she had sucked all the marrow from my bone.

Perfect end to a wonderrus session with a down to earth teen.

Overall: Perfect session, a very pretty & cute girl who just loves being fucked - smashed & thrashed as she put it, I mean for a sex worker as she puts it - more a hooker lol to drive from Gold Coast to Gympie late at night, including the fuel with all the obstacles & to be so bubbly & fun I honestly cant complain about the girl. She comes with a travel bag & dresses into a more casual clothing, more like gym attire - still at 2am when we left it was a steamy 26 degrees outside. So much more I could say about this charming & beautiful 18yo girl - but you will just have to find that out yourself. I have organised another whole night with the girl at the end of the month.

PS: she has set rates but is negiotable & realistic hence her run up the coast for me, so yes her rates will vary, if she is busy she simply wont budge, though if she been quiet she certainly will think very hard about how much you have to play with.

Rating 10/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th January 2014, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here I am trawling the threads for holiday fun thinking where can I duck of to for a sneaky few days and find a good value for money holiday punt.  All I can say is BINGO and thanks to pay for play for great tip and review.  I will see what travel arrangements I can set up this week and hopefully I will be posting a review shortly!

Pay if you happen to read this any chance you could provide a hit list for a poor little new south welsh man planning a little punting tour to QLD.  Looks like I might make my base Redcliffe but will have a hire car so should be able to travel a reasonable distance.

Cheers!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
p4ps review of Hunter has been made invisible at his req. He will replace it with another at his opportunity.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th May 2018, 08:45 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just need to put this up there, this lass contacted me, some how she found my number and contacted me, arranged a booking just out of curiosity, let's say in 4 years give or take she out on about 30kg, (Removed by Moderator), saggy tits and her face has changed considerably, not pretty anymore , still attractive but so much bigger on a small frame.
The sex was good, blowjobs skills are out of this world but yeah not a patch on her teen body in this review.

  Amazing how she found my number, let this be a warning to punters with partners or single at the time & later get a partner, use a punting phone.

Blew my mind tho.

P4P


