Thread Title: Isabel - Chevron Island - 0432 485 179
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th September 2012, 10:40 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Isabel - Chevron Island - 0432 485 179
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Isabel

Establishment : Private house on Chevron Island

Date of Visit : 17/09/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (GCB) ISABEL Sexy, special, fun, rub. Movies, toys, discreet, mature, skilful. Chevron 0432 485 179 

Hours of Business : Call for appointment

Rates : Various - see below

Age : 50's?

Size/shape : Quite overweight - not good with sizes, big boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : RnT (without the R) CBJ offered but declined

Value for money/recommend? : No

Was thinking of heading to check out Healthy? Dragon at Labrador for the first time, when curiosity got the better of me and I called Isabel after recalling on of my previous post here about the services described over the phone when I called her once ages ago.  She advertises regularly and I could tell by her voice she was "mature" but I thought what the hell let's put the question in my head to rest once and for all.

Service description over the phone goes along the lines of "I offer a very sexy service with lots of oral, you can fuck my tits and cum on them, and you play play with me... fingers in pussy and that sort of thing".  That's $50 and she also offers FS $90 for 1/2 and I can remember the full hour but $130 rings a bell (apparently it's a special at the moment but it was the same last time I called quite a long time ago.

Anyway I'll try keep the rest of this review short because my Mum always told me "If you haven't got anything nice to say, don't say anything".  House was a mess and quite grubby.  She blamed having to move house (which I believe she is doing) but I doubt very much it's ever any different.  (Edit - started ranting with too much info as usual so deleted and back to here in the review).  She tells me guys don't go to massage places for the "massage".  I agreed, insisted on no CBJ, but just a nice slow hand job is what I wanted.  Long slow handjob ended up being about a couple of minutes even though I asked her to slow down (bloody didn't stop till point of no return despite me saying "STOP" and then she just said "Oh fuck yeah just let it rip then" when she knew she'd taking me too far).  I did get  few fingers up her sopping wet (wet from lube) pussy though.

So... guys may not entirely go to massage places for the massage, but at least you do get a massage thrown in for your $40-50 at an asian place, so I call this really poor value although having said that it's partly because I refused the CBJ I suppose it was not so good for me.  She seems pretty dirty (minded) so I have absolutely no doubt she knows how to suck a cock, so if you're that sort of thing she might be OK... definitely didn't do it for me though so I won't be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st June 2013, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It bemuses me how someone so ugly could still be in the Business. I saw Isabel sometime in September of Last year and from start to finish the session was quite simply awful. She greeted me at the door naked to begin with (I maybe young but I still appreciate some fine lingerie) and that was when i realised, she was not 42, she was probably 52 (and that is at best, My own mother is in better shape and she's older than 52 by a mile). Walking through the house, if you could even call it that, everything smells like "Old Lady".

I paid for an hour, and although young, i couldnt get it up after the first time (I have to be attracted to someone to get it up) and this is when the talking started, not only did i have to put up with her ranting about her clients (which i believe is very unprofessional especially for the discretion of her own clients) but whenever she talked I would have to see her teeth which were well in need of a visit to Thailand's Instant teeth whitening salons. 

All in all, the sex was terrible, she was looser than a goose, her body was disgusting, her house smelt, her cbj was too teethy, and her face had trauma all over it.

The only reason that I decided to post here though is that throughout my time punting, i've realised that she is a constant name changer, in face she currently goes by the name Claire, Jenny and Bindi. If you happen to call a mature lady that sounds like she's speaking from a script, then step away from the vehicle! From my last call, i believe she uses the term "Heaps of Oral" when she describes what her service includes. 

Gents, please don't see this lady and make the same mistake i made. 

A smart man, learns from his mistakes. A wise man, learns from the mistakes of others. BE WISE GENTLEMEN!


