Thread Title: Isabelle ( English nymph) - Brisbane CBD - 0416 339 850
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 10:46 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: 
 Isabelle ( English nymph) - Brisbane CBD - 0416 339 850
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Isabelle 

Establishment : Private Escort - Brisbane CBD

Date of Visit : 12/4/2017 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 339 850  ?SEXY? $130?horny ?wet&wild? BLONDE ?gagging ???greek??? rim.. XXX RATED!?????? - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Certainly until very late 

Rates : $500 1 hr

Age : Guess late 20s 

Size/shape : 5'3" tall, blonde shoulder length hair, C cup enhanced tits, slim body, fully shaved pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : English 

Services Provided : Massage, DFK, 69, DTBBBJ, and FS 

Value for money/recommend? IMO, very much so albeit expensive:  

My experience/comments : 

Intriguing ad in Cracker offering BBFS with a female condom - a first for me

?SEXY? busty ?horny ?wet&wild? BLONDE ?gagging ???greek??? rim.. XXX RATED!?????? - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

 Met in the hotel lobby (real pictures) and up to the room. Dressed in a short floral dress and a matching black and red bra and panties set which were quickly removed

 Started with a back massage (decent) which included light kissing from shoulders all the way to legs 

 5 minutes rolled over and after some kissing Isabelle moved onto a awesome DTBBBJ - very deep and no teeth - could have come quickly if I didn't ask her to slow down

 Moved to 69 - lovely hairless pussy which I licked from clit to tonguing inside her pussy to licking her anus (anal on the menu in the price but I was too large)

 Eventually she inserted the female dom and we moved from missionary, doggie (her on knees then laying down) through some BBBJ to reverse cowgirl to more BBBJ (no dom fucking made this very easy and enjoyable) to cowgirl to then more BBBJ finishing CIM. The feeling by the way was not quite a natural fuck of course but far better than a dom on my cock - actually very enjoyable. 

 After blowing, we cuddled and chatted about lots of things non sexual. 

 Dressed and went down to street level to share a cigarette and a kiss as she bade farewell

 Not cheap but worth all paid - great sex and a WL who was patient wit no rush as we enjoyed each other's bodies.


