Thread Title: Jackie - Toowoomba - 0401 581 066
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2015, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: david_boss19
Post Title: 
 Jackie - Toowoomba - 0401 581 066
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name - Miss Chevious

Establishment - East Toowoomba private

Date Visited - 10/2/2015

Contact Details - Miss Chevious 

Rates -  250 p/h

Size - 10 & toned

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend? Absolutely, a gem in Toowoomba

My Experience:

Hi everyone to my first review. 

Wow, what can i say about this beautiful woman, my first punt in Toowoomba and it turned me on to 11.

I first saw her on escorts and babes, that linked to her official site. It looked professional, attractive (escpecially the gallery lol) and I just had to book a session with her ASAP.So the next day we had a very polite conversation about the details of our session and so I got lucky to book in the late afternoon where things weren't hectic.

 I rocked up to her very stylish unit and was greeted by the beautiful figured and gorgeous smile of the diva herself in sexy red lingerie. We very soon joined together in the bedroom as I had not needed a shower when I had it just 10 minutes before at my place and she was cool with that  .

Her bedroom was very well lit up, accompanied by a fresh scent of vanilla, her tv broadcasting erotic porn to "spice up" the scenery and a very comfortable queen sized bed to stage our session. As a young lad with an athletic body i became very cocky lol and stripped to nude and she was very delighted to take part.

In a instant we engaged in DFK and tumbled to the bed to engage in full service action. The experience was so unbelievably good that all i remember is short detail was first a exhilerating CBJ, then engaged in some glorious 69 without a DAMP (Yes Score  ) to then the main event with various sex positions like missionary, doggy, cowgirl ect.

Towards the end when time went so fast, she insisted on offering me a handjob and so of course I accepted and in under a minute the volcano errupted and smiles/laughter were exposed. We had a delightful chat as my time was nearly up to then saying our goodbyes with a kiss.

Gentlemen, if your taking a punt for a woman that has the complete package, a beautiful toned body with lovely large sized breasts, very mature who loves being kinky and smart intelligence, then Miss Chevious is the perfect match.Cheers David.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th April 2015, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
DAMP ? not one of them latex sheifs the lasses use when you wanna eat some pussy ? Thought they where called a dam ? 

Anyways like there is no way I would myself see a girl who insisted on this, in all honesty only come across 2 in my time, I tried it with the 1st girl a few years ago before she threw it away & said they are shit lol the other I walked out before paying when she was insistant that she use it, she called 2 minutes after I left & almost begged me to come back & wont use the dam, but already lost the sale.

But a couple of nice reviews there old boy ............ or young lad lol........
.
P4P


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th April 2016, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: nick123007
Post Title: 
 Jackie - Toowomba - 0401 581 066
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miss Chevious Jackie

 Establishment : Private

 Date of Visit : 20/03/16

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Miss Chevious | Toowoomba | Escorts & Babes    0401 581 066

 Hours of Business : 9 am - 9 pm

 Rates : $150 half hr, $250 hr

 Age : 43

 Size/shape : size 10, slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

 Services Provided : Full service, erotic relaxation

 Value for money/recommend? : Great value, definitely recommend

 My experience/comments : 

 Visited Miss Chevious Jackie who lives in Toowoomba. Booked a half an hour erotic relaxation (RnT). She has a nice private unit with shower facilities. I was actually quite hungover and only went to her for a half erotic massage.

 She started off just with normal massage stuff, shoulders etc. Very friendly, chatting the whole time. After about 5 mins of that she asked me to role over and she began playing with my cock. I played with her lovely big fake tits and nice arse as porn was playing on the TV, she could tell I was extremely aroused and slow down when I was getting close. 

 She then asked if she could blow me. I was surprised, she didn't want any extra money, she just said that I have a lovely cock and she wanted to pleasure me with her mouth. (covered blow job) She also let me finger her while she sucked. She was extremely wet. It was probably 5 to 10 mins over the half hour, she stood me up, knelt down, took the condom off and wanked me off all over her massive jugs.

 I left extremely satisfied having got a lot more than I had bargained for and will be going back to she what delivers in a full service.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd June 2016, 10:38 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : MisscheviousJackie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 20/03/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/misschevious

0401-581-066 Miss Chevious Independent Escort in Toowoomba Rotci.com

Hours of Business : 9 am until whenever she wishes to finish. Usually 7.00pm

Rates : $150 half hr, $250 hr or $500 hour for toys etc

Age : 44

Size/shape : size 10, very short and E cups that are "softly augmented". I think her breasts were already large and were sympathetically augmented to retain shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full service, erotic relaxation

Value for money/recommend? : Exceptional value, definitely will return

My experience/comments : I had finished my travels for the week and was laying over in Toowoomba before I flew home. I decided to continue my  "Fortnight of Fun". I had saved my pennys and this would be my fifth punt in a fortnight. I booked in to see Jackie. What a fantastic way to finish my fortnight.

I had missed out seeing Jackie on my last trip as she was away. She was easy to contact and arrange an appointment. She is very genuine and easy to talk to.

I rolled up on time and contacted her to let her know. I enter her very modern and tidy unit. She is dressed in a fishnet dress and really high heels. She was still quite short with the heels on. Her figure is fantastic for her age and her breasts are magnificent. I paid my way and we had a nice chat as we worked out what I liked and what she liked. I had showered just before I left so we went off to the bedroom.

Again. The room was pristine and there was porn playing in the corner , beside the bed. Not that it was needed. Jackie has a lovely body, pretty face and an engaging smile.

She was very passionate and we just kept feeling each other and DFK ing. She then began to undress me and I her. This was in between us exploring more and more of each others body. We then went to the bed. Lots of DFK and fondling. Her rubbing my package and me rubbing her clit and fingering her, whilst enjoying those huge breasts.she loves to kiss and loves to put her tongue at the back of your throat. She is sooooo sensual.

Jackie then went between my legs and as she, slowly, rubbed my cock she licked and sucked my balls. As well as licking below the Scrotum. She kept looking at me and smiling as this was happening. It was awesome. After a while we kissed and fondled more and I began some DATY with some fingering and licking all around her pussy. She really enjoyed this but was sent over the edge each time I sucked and nibbled her clit. She loved it.

After more cuddling and passionate DFK on went the condom and she started a nice CBJ. Sometimes the sucking pressure was a little too hard but once I mentioned this, it was better. She is always trying to please you. Her deepthroating is great. You can feel your knob at the back of her throat, and she just keeps it there with her tongue doing laps around the shaft. Did I already mention she is awesome? 

Jackie then got on top and was not only very active but was very flexible. She kept me going in and out. Slow and deep. She was enjoying this. As was I. She kept looking at me and then closing her eyes every time we went deep. We then went Mish and side saddle, with one leg flat and her other leg on my shoulder. She kept writhing and moaning to keep doing that. She would occasionally open her mouth and moan loudly as she looked at me. Did I say she was awesome?

We the went full side saddle and the back to the one leg up position. Jackie came and not long after I did the same. She was just awesome. Have I already said that? We just lay back and continued to cuddle and kiss as she kept stroking my cock to keep it hard. Her cleanup was lovely. I then showered in her exceptionally clean bathroom. We chatted and kissed more and then I left. 

When i left, i looked at the time. I paid for an hour and it was just under an hour and half that i was there. She is not a clock watcher and is very service orientated. Jackie is Definately fantastic. Toowoomba is lucky to have a lady this good and with a great attitude. I will see her again when I return


