Thread Title: Jade - Goodna (Ipswich) - 0410 034 138
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2015, 02:38 AM
Poster ID: Vagpounder
Post Title: 
 Jade - Goodna (Ipswich) - 0410 034 138
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jade

Establishment: Independent

Date of Visit: 21/1/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0410034138
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_42...ttractive.html

Hours of Business: From 5am

Rates: $200 p/h

Age: 40+

Size/shape: About 5'7, size 8, and saggy tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: FS

Value for money/recommend?: No, steer clear unless you are super desperate - even then, there is better value for money else where. 

Experience/comments:
I was booked in to drop my car off at a workshop out in West Ipswich to get some work done, which was about 45 minutes from where I live. My car was scheduled to get towed from Southside and was meant to arrive at 10am. However, due to delays it would now arrive at 12pm. With 2 hours to kill, I decide to see what I can find on Locanto around this area. I come across this ad with no photos and due to being so bored and horny - I decide to take the plunge. 

Give the number a call, she instantly answers. I go for the $50 blowjob and decide to bring a extra $50 for FS in case she turns out to be a good find. She tells me to go to some street in Goodna, then give her a call from there and she will direct me to hers. Big fuck around, just give me your goddamn address so I can pop it in my GPS. I never understood the refusal to give your address and I should have bailed at this point. So I get to the street, and give her a call. She doesn't pick up. After about 5 more calls with no answer, I figure she may be doing something and give it some time. 10 minutes later, she calls back and finally directs me to her house.

I park a bit down the street and walk up to her house. Ipswich is a known area for dole bludgers and I guess it wasn't surprising that Jade appears to be one. The place is absoloutely feral - rubbish all over the frontyard, out of control flora and spiderwebs all over the joint. Second time I should have walked. I walk up the stairs and she lets me in. Her house is an absolute shithole, and thats putting it nicely. There is a bed in the livingroom, a TV and a desk with piles of rubbish all over it. There was rubbish all over the place. Simply put, it was not good living conditions.

Now to describing Jade. She looks about the age described, but her face signifies she is clearly a drug addict. She was pretty out of it. She leads me to the bed in the living room. I guess we are doing business here? I hand over the $50 and then she asks how many times I called her before. Apparently she didn't pick up because the volume button on her phone is on the side so when she talks on the phone, she unknowingly turns the ring volume down and she couldnt hear it. She harped on about the flaws in the design on her phone for a good 15 minutes. 

Finally, she undresses and I take this as my cue to undress. Her tits are extremely saggy, average arse. Pretty disappointing. I lay back on the bed and she starts going on about the phone again! 5 minutes later she whips out the condom and strokes my cock a bit, then places the condom on the tip of my cock. She slides it down the shaft with her mouth and I am slowly getting erect. She sucks away, pretty average blowjob. I am getting kinda bored at this point so I grab her by the head with both hands and push her head down on my cock. She is gagging a little but continues to soldier on like a champ. 

After about 10 minutes, I feel like I am getting close so I ask her where I can cum. She says in the condom. I am pretty disappointed so I ask, how about your face? She refuses. So I suggest her tits, to which she also refuses. I finally suggest her arse, atleast. Still a no-go. As I am approaching, I push her head down and hold it there whilst I cum into the condom. When the deed is done, she gasps for air with her eyes watering. I get dressed and get the fuck outta there.

Overall, an extremely disappointing punt. Should have walked at so many points but the situation I found myself in, being far from home and time to kill, decided to go for it. Even received a text from her a few days later asking if I am feeling like another BJ. Feeling like amusing myself, I tell her only if she lets me cum on her face. She actually agreed for $50 but there was no way I was driving that far again for a below average punt.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd March 2015, 06:22 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jades Locanto ad...





			
				Size 8 Aussie brunette 5'7 38C long silky soft dark brown hair hot little ass shaven sweet. No tattoos or piercings talented sensual sexy . AVAILABLE For incalls frm 5AM Weekdays no nites or weekends . Private & Discreet Goodna. BLO & GO BJ ONLY 50 * Full Service from 90 4 20 mins including oral. 120 half hour 150 45 mins 200 1 hr. NO Natural Services or Anal. NO TEXTS EMAILS OR PRIVATE NUMBERS ★ Be early 2 ensure u don't miss out! 041 0034 138* :-)


