Thread Title: Jane - Brisbane - Locanto only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st May 2014, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Jane - Brisbane - Locanto only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jane



Establishment : private , incalls morningside, outcalls 



Date of Visit : April 2014



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto - Sporty Tom Boy

Sexy Sporty Tom Boy..., Brisbane mobile



Hours of Business : flexible 



Rates : varied prices from her but paid $300 / Hour



Age : early 30's



Size/shape : firm large curves - she is fit looks like the pics in the ad 



Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 



Services Provided : everything , except anal



Value for money/recommend? : YES/YES



My experience/comments : 

One word : Yum. This girls bod is the epitome of dangerous curves ! Firm busty sexy chick. BUT not much personality, a plain jane face and I think she actually prefers fucking women than men. 

Dealing with Jane was simple enough. Exchanged numbers via locanto and a few SMS. Organized the booking and everything was easy.

The session started with a nice blow job and then some reciprocated daty before some 69. She is ok at sucking cock. 

After some mutual oral she wanted her favourite doggy style. This girl feels awesome to fuck from behind. She has a nice firm ass and a tight wet pussy that enjoys some deep hard penetration .. I fucked jane a good 3 times and decorated her ass with my jizz twice and her lovely tits once . She was impressed with the stamina and number of times I was able to cum which was honestly easy with her whilst I marveled at her curves and enjoyed slamming that super wet tight pussy. 

Jane is a bit reserved. A nice polite girl but I suspect she is a lesbian . She didn't appear to be entirely engaged in the sex but did like to be fucked.... Anyway, she isn't quite the gfe experience but I enjoyed her regardless. She won't be everyone's cup of tea but if you approach her with respect and genuinely appreciate a lovely curvy body she will surrender to your every desire and you might actually enjoy exploring her natural curves in more ways than you can imagine .....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th June 2014, 05:40 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jane's Locanto ad,

" Sexy Tom Boy... - 30

Not your average girl, . I can satisfy your tom boy fantasy, all girl but a little boyish.,. I like nothing better than watching my favourite footie team over a few beers, .I can hold my own in any blokey conversation, but have the added benefits of what men want.

A little about myself. I’m late twenties with a 16dd cup bust and a firm ass. If you love tom boys, or are just curious give me a call to arrange a time to see me.. I always provide safe services, and respect your privacy. Email preferred for enquiries.Incall or Outcalls in Brisbane available."


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th July 2014, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: triplemaus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for sharing, i have never seemed to be able to make ends meet to catch up with her, although she has been around for a few years now.  Must try one time i guess ... note she used to send emails out but that seems to have stopped.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th July 2014, 10:48 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
killer body!


