Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th September 2017, 11:03 AM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: 
 Jap Sandy - Cairns -  0420 672 032 / 0450 788 530
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sandy

Establishment : Private Cairns (Motel "Resort"on Mulgrave road)

Date of Visit : Late August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://cairns.locanto.com.au/ID_1236...ed-Cairns.html  04206 720 32 you could also try 0450 788 530

Hours of Business : Variable

Rates : $120 half, $150 45min

Age : 23

Size/shape : Small, slim, small perky breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity :  maybe Japanese.

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Sandy responds to calls with a text, and prefers that form.  Bit hard to negotiate, but at least you get the address clearly.  Open plan type of motel with room on the ground floor, so pretty discrete. Sandy is very friendly and gentle.  Offered a shower, and stripped to reveal a lovely small body.  It seems that most WLs these days are offering big boobs.  I like small ones, and she had the best, with perky little nipples.  We started with friendly cuddles and giggling, and she responded nicely with new wetness as I played around her pussy.  Happy to allow penetration so I could spread the wetness.  A lovely little pussy of the "flower"type.  Thats the kind which sticks out like the petals of a flower, ready to be plucked/fucked.
On to the CBJ.  She offered that lovely little flower, and I just could not resist.  My attention seemed to excite her, and she got going hard and fast on mini-me.  Too hard, and too fast, so I got her to change to cowgirl.  She rode me with a smile on her face.  OK I am a sucker for what appears to be real turn on, but might well be FOAM, but she did appear to be enjoying it.  Particularly when I pulled her down to me and held her close and kissed her neck.    We both came together, and I had one of the best that I have had for a while.  Her heart was pounding and she was hot and flushed.  She told me that she loved me, so maybe she really did enjoy it.  These are the mysteries and pleasures of punting.

Do I recommend- for sure for me.


