Thread Title: Jenny - Chermside - 0426 655 185
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th July 2015, 09:09 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Chermside - 0426 655 185
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 3rd July 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
0426 655 185 Naughty Ads - ANAL ANAL - Sexy Asian/Euro mix



Hours of Business : call

Rates : $130/half & $200/hr. 

Age : 22 - I'd say that's pretty accurate

Size/shape : she says sz8 but I'm guessing more a tight sz10. C cup boobs and nice long hair and trimmed pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (aussie born)

Services Provided : CBJ and FS and lots of chatting. (I think that's the GFE part)

Value for money/recommend? : yes it was ok

My experience/comments : turns out this girl actually comes up from Sydney and stays a few weeks working out of an apartment in Chermside. Jenny is a very pleasant girl and easy to set up the appointment. 

Money paid I ducked into the shower and then it was down to business. And very business like it was. It was almost like there was an invisible barrier between us.

She started by kneeling beside me and stroking my body and cock, slowly getting me hard. The Dom went on at 3/4mast and she proceeded an accomplished CBJ. She allowed touching but was a full arm length away. Eventually she swung around a bit and I was able to stroke and touch her pussy from behind. This got things moved up a notch as I could feel her clit responding and she started to get pretty wet. 

I was actually enjoying her CBJ and was thinking how nice it could be when she straddled me and started a girl on top exercise routine. Some girls just have that rhythm don't they? Rolling their hips and pelvis while the upper body stays still so you can play with their boobs. Unfortunately not Jenny. Don't get me wrong. It was good. She felt nice and I liked seeing my cock go in and out of her pussy. But that was it. That invisible barrier was there. 

I wasn't going to make it over the line so I suggested mish and that's how we finished. 30 minutes of non stop chatter later I was out of there thinking that it could have been so much better but maybe then she would have charged more. A pleasant good looking girl with a nice tight body - not fit tight but young tight lol, Jenny was ok for me but as always ymmv.


