Thread Title: Jessica -  Spring Hill - 0447 232 162
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th September 2013, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: 
 Jessica -  Spring Hill - 0447 232 162
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jesica

Establishment : Private WL

Date of Visit : Aug 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0447232162 ;  sexy_sky_18@hotmail.co.uk ;  www.adultwork.com/sexysky18 

 Rates : Incall $300 / hr

Age : early to mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim, nice curves, about s10, maybe C-D cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : English

Services Provided : Full service, GFE, DFK, probably more

Value for money/recommend? : YES!!!! Decent price for the level of service, and good fun

My experience/comments : I made initial contact my email, followed by a phone call. Arrangement was easy. Rocked up at her nice apartment in Spring Hill area, was greeted by a real hottie at the door, and was immediately impressed. Very cute, lovely sexy accent, made me feel at ease in no time. This was a real girlfriend experience with a gorgeous girl, lots of deep kissing, DATY, she gives a fantastic BJ, passionate sex with lots of positions. I get the impression that greek is on offer, but I didn't go there. Jess has a beautiful ass, one of the best shapely butts I have ever enjoyed. She really got into it and enjoyed herself too... and I had a great time. Jessica travels around a bit, has been to a number of cities big and small around Australia, if she rocks up near you, do yourself a favour


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th September 2013, 05:14 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A bit from the ad,

"My name is Jessica and I am a 23 year old independent escort currently working in and around Brisbane, I'm doing outcalls and incalls in a private hotel in Spring Hill. 

I may be young but I am experienced and love trying new and naughty things! 

I'm always horny and full of energy, you will love my tight toned body and curvy bum.

I love to turn guys on with my sexy lingerie, tight dresses and high heels. 

I always wear stockings and suspenders and will always be dressed to impress. 

I can offer the full GFE or be your horny little porn-star 

I can also do early mornings if you contact me the night before."


