Thread Title: Jill Pamela - Brisbane - 0439 724 895
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st January 2013, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: doriangraymelbourne
Post Title: 
 Jill Pamela - Brisbane - 0439 724 895
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jill Pamela

 Establishment: private, Brisbane

 Date of Visit: June 2012

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Cracker. Also on Just for Adults

 Hours of Business: flexible

 Rates:$250 per hour

 Age:Mature

 Size/shape:BBW. Chubby.

Breast size: H cup. Natural.

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

 Services Provided: Full Service

 Value for money/recommend?: NO!!!

 My experience/comments:

Hi all,

This is a bit on an unconventional review, cause I never actually got to see Jill. Let me explain.

I was travelling to Brisbane and decided to visit a private WL with huge tits. The first time I'd ever even considered this! So, with all my courage, I did some research and found Jill on Cracker and a few other sites. I love big tits and she had an amazing H cup rack. The photos all seemed genuine.

I emailed Jill, explained that I was nervous, being my first time, but that I'd like to book her for an hour about a month ahead. She wrote back, and we lined up the exact date and time. She said I was booked in. I told her I'd call her in the morning of the day to confirm. I also emailed her a week out to double check and she said I had the booking for 10pm.

I called her that morning, and she said all was good, and to call he back at 5pm to get the exact address. I asked where she was and she told me the name of the street in Brisbane. I called back a 5, and she didn't answer. I tried again at 5.15, left a message, and she didn't answer. I tried her every hour until 9.30 came around. I called and said I'd head to the area and wait to hear from her.

Nothing. Now, I know that things may come up, but she never answered. Nor apologised. Ever. I was twidling my thumbs in Brisband until about 11.30, trying her again and again until I wandered back to my hotel, utterly disappointed. Not a good first entry into the game!

On my way back, I stopped in at Club minx. Club Minx | Nightclubs, strip clubs, strip bars
To my delight I was immediately greeted by a stunning 20 year old with a huge F cup rack. I thought, fuck it, and spent 30 minutes with her in a private booth. She said in Brisbane I was allowed to touch her, so I played with her amazing tits. The only problem was I couldn't smother my face in them, or titfuck them, of course!

So...
Bad experience with Jill Pamela. I hope she has made some tit lovers happy in her time!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 01:28 AM
Poster ID: bobbx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's bad.I think that advanced bookings could become unpredictable, so I don't do it.Last time when Jill P.was in Brisbane/first week of jan16/ I tried to make a booking with her a day in advance ,but she never answered the phone on the day of the booking.Have to keep in mind that she is a touring WL,getting the clients for the day.


