Thread Title: Jiwon - Chermside - 0422 203 264
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2019, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: protossno87
Post Title: 
 Jiwon - Chermside - 0422 203 264
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jiwon

Establishment : Hamilton Rd, Chermside (Private Apartment)

Date of Visit : 18/07/2019

Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/HelloJiwon/

Phone : 0422203264

Availability : by appointment only and as early as 11am, likes to have weekends off but will take advanced bookings

Rates : $150 30mins and $250 60mins

Age : 28 and looks it

Size/shape : 165cm, fit body with C cups and fully shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : real GFE, FS and some chit chat

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :

Been eyeing Jiwon for awhile as I am always looking out for ads for real Koreans which is very rare and also being an Aus born Korean I always want to experience Korean working girls.

Finally day and time lined up and booked for an hour with Jiwon. Easy text booking and discreet visitor parking.

Yes! Finally a real Korean. Body matches the photos on ad and she was wearing the colorful bikini on one of the photos. She has a nicely tanned body of a Korean from the country side and small cute face and short blond hair. Jiwon said hello in Korean at first but played it cool and spoke English not to throw her off as she clearly states she does not see Chinese or Korean customers unless born in Aus. Later found out she used to work in Miso Honey and had a lot of repeat creeps in the area and wanted to avoid.

Jiwon was very chatty and seemed very comfortable chatting and playing at the same time, a real GFE experience which is why I always look out for real Koreans and Japanese.

Wanted extras but said it is usually reserved for repeat customers but will now consider broadening her available services as the economy is bad with so many fake profiles.

Started with my routine shower to get the best service. Jiwon started to cat bath me up and down while playing with little me and started to kiss which is rare for Asian working girls. 

Gave a decent CBJ but had better and she flip herself around and proceeded to give me a 69. Working at a brothel she seemed to have a set routine but tailored for a GFE experience which I enjoyed.

Next came a few positions with Jiwon on top then switched her to missionary so I could play and suck on those C cup tits and nicely shaved pussy.
Finished in a few doggy positions and started chatting while we waited for round 2.

Jiwon is now in the process of PR and used to work at Miso Honey but as mentioned above quit due to creepy repeat customers and rude boss who also worked reception. A lot of bad reviews online about reception bloke which I told Jiwon and she said thats the owner! Being Korean she started talking about food and other Korean customers and how she likes to build a client list. Really friendly gal.

Off to round 2 and repeat of round 1, similar routine but this time spend a lot of time with her on top with slow squats and side cowgirl. Finished with another doggy but this time at the edge of the bed with her legs close which she enjoyed and started chatting again.

Jiwon said she heard from old working friends that someone is opening a brothel in Sunnybank, that is definitely going to be busy and but can the quality be trusted being in such a heavily Asian populated suburb.

Overall I will definitely see Jiwon again as she provides a real GFE but not sure if it is because I am Korean and also born in Aus. Timers kept going off but she ignored and kept talking, walked out the door 90mins later.

I am not sure she would have acted the same with a non-Aus born Asian as she was going on about rude creepy Asian and Indian customers and also didn't talk much about Aussie customers. Did see some hit and miss reviews on PP, maybe it depends on how you approach her?


