Thread Title: Julia - Private Mature at Woodridge - 0422 641 264
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st August 2015, 10:10 AM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: 
 Julia - Private Mature at Woodridge - 0422 641 264
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia (hotmumma64)

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 22/08/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private House in Woodridge, contacted via Locanto ad:
 http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_4622973...r-service.html

Hours of Business : By appointment, 7 days

Rates : $150 for 45 minutes (other rates include $100 for 30 mins and $200 for 60 mins)

Age : 50

Size/shape : DD tits, blonde, size 18-ish body, tattoos and piercings (tits and clit hood)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, Pussy Rub, DATY, Tit-Fuck, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Oh yes!

My experience/comments : 

I wanted to arrange a punt with a private lady for a trip to Brisbane, so I checked out a few ads on Locanto. The first couple did not reply, but the third answered via Locanto's mail service almost immediately. 

Her ad may be seen here: http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_462297397/hotmumma-at-your-service.html

After a few mails back and forth, we arranged a time. 

This is a genuine private situation in an outer-suburban house. The house is very exposed to the street being on stilts and having to do the climb of shame up a long front stairway. The front yard was full of cars and other people were clearly in the house. I was actually tossing up whether to abandon the visit, but I finally took a deep breath and went up the stairs.

Julia greeted me at the front door and I was very happy with what I saw. Medium height, friendly face, dirty blonde hair (the colour that is - I'm sure her hair was clean), large body and arse but in proportion with her big tits. She led me up the hallway to her room which was quite small and dominated by her bed. 

She stripped off to reveal her big tits and lovely large nipples with barbell-shaped piercings. She has quite a few tattoos - 11 I think she said - including a large one above one of her tits. We kissed - excellent, passionate DFK - and mutually caressed. After a few minutes she sank to her knees and took my bare cock in her mouth. I had asked her in our mail exchanges about BBBJ but she didn't really answer. "I have to be careful what I say online" she explained now from her kneeling position.

We retired to the bed where we continued to kiss and I fingered her meaty pussy. I felt a lump at the top of her clit and eventually worked out that this was another piercing - a first for me! I thought I'd take a closer look so crawled between her legs to kiss and lick her pussy and clit. She responded to flicking and sucking/slurping on her metal clit jewellery. I added a finger, then two, in her pussy, picking up the pace as Julia encouraged me with her heavy breathing and moaning. She was very wet. 

After she had cum, I lay back and she sat on top of me, rubbing the shaft of my cock with her pussy. This felt fantastic. 

Our 45 minutes was almost up so I asked her to suck me until I came. I enquired where she wanted my cum and she said whatever I wanted, so I asked to cum in her mouth and for her to let the cum drip down her chin and onto my cock. She did it perfectly!

This was a very pleasant visit with a nice lady. I only wish I was in Brisbane more often.


