Thread Title: Julia - Broadbeach (on Tour) - 0435 085 782
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2015, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Julia - Broadbeach (on Tour) - 0435 085 782
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : Private Girl working from Jupiter's Casino whilst on tour / based in Murwillimbah usually. 

Date of Visit : 26/01/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435 085 782

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 200 / Hour

Age : Late 40's but looked younger than that in the dimmed room

Size/shape : Voluptuous, maybe a size 14 with a nice ass and massive tits E cups. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Dfk, FS, CBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments :

Having come into an unexpected winfall thanks to a bet on Kyrgios in the tennis and feeling rather bored, I felt the need to arrange a session. Of all the girls on Locanto, Julia seemed fairly frank and truthful, she even sent me a face shot prior to our session once I had booked. Now Julia apparently works from her private home in Murwillumbah but I won't delve into that. 

After a few texts back and forth, a time was arranged and I drove to the Casino for our rendezvous. A quick text preceded a bit of a cafuffle with the lifts and some miscommunication but ten minutes later it was on like Donkey Kong as I found Julia at the lifts eventually who greeted me in Highheels and a beautiful dress which showcased her cleavage greatly.  

We got to her room which she has set up with a lava lamp and some candle light. I don't think she likes her body but she has nothing to be ashamed about cause it rocked my world.

Julia is very voluptuous and if you like a bit of tits and ass Julia won't disappoint. The next hour was lots of 69'ing, DFK, dry humping, sordid fucking and way too much groping of those massive tits. Julia is definitely not a time watcher and I left after a solid hour and a half, a very happy man.

Now the issue with Julia is she currently lives down the border and she usually works from her home there, she sometimes frequents the coast but not all that often, so don't get your hopes up guys. Epilogue: A quick look on google doesn't bring her number up to any ads. 

With life getting in my way these last few months I do apologise for the brevity of my review as I simply don't have the time anymore to write an essay on each and every girl.


