Thread Title: Kaleigh - Fortitude Valley Qld - 0429 237 456
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th March 2014, 05:05 PM
Poster ID: Benwaughfuxwhores
Post Title: 
 Kaleigh - Fortitude Valley Qld - 0429 237 456
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kaleigh 

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : Feb 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0429237456

Hours of Business : by appointment 

Rates : 150 (RnT with oral - varies by service)

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : slim, short, Bcup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian raised but with Asian heritage

Services Provided : RnT to Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : VFM

My experience/comments : I have been seeing this girl sporadically for maybe a year. Will focus on most recent experience and also give some general details. 

The biggest downside is that she can be very hard to get a hold of and works mostly around uni. She is also in a very public apartment complex with lots of shops at the Bowen Hills end of the Valley which may be less than discreet for some. Once contact is made she sends a list of services and prices. One set is for RnT with various extras offered and the other is FS. I have mainly go for RnT as Kaleigh is exceptionally good at massage. 

Once time and date are set up you head to the complex and get the room number. She has been in at least two separate rooms there. After being buzzed in you go to the door which she usually leaves unlocked for a swift and knock free entry. Kaleigh makes me feel instantly like I'm visiting a friend, usually she will be still clothed and waiting in the kitchen area and we have a little chat before getting into the professional side of things. She is genuinely young, has short brown hair, and although advertising as an Australian babe obviously has some Asian heritage due to skin colour and some of her features (I think she is Australian born and raised).

With payment and shower out of the way she leads me to the room where everything happens. It contains both a proper massage table and a bed so that all services can be done in best position. I opt for the table (think she sometimes gives a choice though) and lay down on my front. Kaleigh leaves to get ready, changing from her day wear into cute lingerie.

The back massage is a real massage and very thoroughly performed. I appreciate this as when I go for an RnT I like to have something other than just a handjob to remember. The comfortable atmosphere she creates at the start helps me to relax into it and get the full erotic sensation of her two hands working in unison. 

As she proceeds, Kaleigh starts to tease by running her hands up the inside of my thighs and tickling my balls. After a full massage she wipes me down and has me turn over. The frontal massage is less thorough and focused on the final sexual buildup. Kaleigh has a tight young body which makes for a great visual experience. 

Preparing for the final stage of play she slips off her tiny panties and takes a condom from the bedside table. While her handjobs are amazing I decided to give her oral a try. She doesn't deep throat as much as other girls but knows how to suck head. She also kept using her hands, one gliding up and down my shaft, the other moving up my chest and back to my thighs. 

She kept sucking as I blew making for a really happy ending. When I was done she calmly cleaned me off then offered another shower. The whole time there is no rushing, and the massage itself is well timed. 

Great experience and customer service keeps me coming back (and makes me wish she was more reliable!). The experiences have been consistent and I never been let down in terms of expectations. She has also indulged my requests such as wearing costumes. 

Overall, more of a cute young girl next door type than a pron queen but really good at what she does.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2014, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Kayleigh's Cracker ad,  Aussie hottie to pamper you all over! X - Fortitude Valley | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker (also in Escorts & Babes).

"
Aussie hottie to pamper you all over! X
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Location: Fortitude Valley
Viewed: 3502
Date Posted: 03/03/2014
Ad ID: 404179407
Rating (4)
Your rating
Email a friend
Printable version
Flag as inappropriate
Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image
More images/video(7 total)

Craving the sensual touch of a gorgeous woman? I'm a very pretty sun-kissed Aussie beauty who knows just how to spoil you in that ....... way you lust after...My knowing hands and hot body will tease you into a state of pure sensual bliss!

Fit size 8-10 figure
Perfect b-cup bust and bootylicious derrière
Long silky dark hair
Medium height
Beautiful smile and effervescent personality to match x

Come to my luxury apartment at the Newstead end of Fortitude Valley where you can relax in comfort and style. Parking available or I am a very short cab trip away from Brisbane's CBD, with everything you need for a discreet and unforgettable encounter.

SMS is the best way to contact me so send me a text for the finer details and we can make a time to play. Exotic relaxation for discerning gentlemen is something I really enjoy, so I look forward to pleasing you soon!

Kaleigh x 

contact seller
Phone: 0429237456"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd September 2015, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: Benwaughfuxwhores
Post Title: 
 Kaleigh - Fortitude Valley, QLD - 0429237456
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Kaleigh

Establishment: Private Apartment in Valley

Date of Visit: Sept 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Kaleigh | Brisbane, Fortitude Valley | Escorts & Babes

Business Hours: varies

Rate: RnT with extras - 350 hr / FS 450 hr

Age: Mid-Late 20's

Size/Shape: Short, small tits, good shape

Nationality or Ethnicity: Advertises as 'aussie' and is def born here but by appearance is part Asian, part Caucasian 

Service Provided: depends on price, rnt with extras is oil massage with DFK, cuddles and CBJ ending, FS is all that plus sex

Value for Money/recommended?: Very good service, proper massage, convincing GFE and genuinely young WL makes 450 an ok prce for me. Easy to start out at 100 half basic rnt to see if you click and recommended if you do.

My experience/comments:

I had been seeing kaleigh for past two years mainly for basic rnt. Her location in the Valley is convenient and well suited to lunch time escapes. At a recent session I decided to try out her full menu. This includes the oil massage included in the basic to start followed by bed time with her. She is very friendly and welcoming which makes it more like a sex buddy experience than an escort session. After the massage which unlike other MLs is very extensive and goes far beyond 'tickles' we lay down together. The kissing was intense and she moved easily from caresses to BJ. Not a PSE type of thing but very sexy with her youthful energy and constant attention with hands and eye contact. We started what she describes as 'delicious fucking' in missionary then went to doggy. Very tight and able to accommodate. A final cuddle then I was off to the shower. She never seemed worried about time and kept up the chat when I dressed. Overall a very good punt.


