Thread Title: Kali Lust - Broadbeach - 0402 784 804
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th June 2017, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: Mojomax
Post Title: 
 Kali Lust - Broadbeach - 0402 784 804
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kali Lust

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : Late May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 784804/Broadbeach/Welcome

Hours of Business : 9am to 10pm, 7 Days

Rates : 150/half, 250/hour

Age : Late forties

Size/shape : Firm BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : Saw Kali in Broadbeach in May after seeing her advertise on a number of the usual sites. Kali seems to operate different levels of pricing and, to be honest, I got quite confused about the difference between Standard and Deluxe. I did ask Kali when I called to book and was more or less told that they were largely the same - I was after a GFE type experience and she convinced me on the 'phone that the Standard service delivered this.

Kali operates out of a very nice apartment at the Southern end of Surfers/Northern Broadbeach. Access was no issue and I felt comfortable stepping into her unit. Kali's older and a little larger, though with a firm body and in quite reasonable shape. If, like me, you're a boob man Kali has a tremendous set - plenty more than a handful and beautifully firm. Facially she is showing the years, but there again so am I and her bright blue eyes and cheeky smile helped me look past any shortcomings and made me feel extremely welcome. Kali claims to deliver a GFE and, to a very large extent, she did. The kissing was deep and passionate and we both really did get stuck into the session, the only thing to be aware of is that everything (understandably) is covered. The session was fun and friendly and we seemed to click, nothing felt forced or rushed and after some initial kissing and foreplay Kali delivered a terrific BJ and I worked my way down for some time at the Y - very sweet, clean and enjoyable for both of us (at least that's what she said at the time!). Kali slipped a condom on and we had sex in a number of positions - Kali's clearly keen to provide a great service and has a great repertoire of positions and moves. 

Would I go back ? Yes, at some point. I'm based towards the Northern end of the Coast and Broadbeach is a little difficult to get too for me. Kali was great, you get exactly what she advertises and I walked away feeling both satisfied and that I'd got good value for money. Distance will prevent me going back too often, but I'm sure I'll drop back in if I'm around Broadbeach with some time to spare.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 03:46 AM
Poster ID: pussywrangler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Service Provider - Kali Lust - Broadbeach - 0402 784 804
Person's Name : Kali Lust

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402784804, Private Apartment B/beach

Hours of Business : 7 days, before 10pm or by appointment

Rates : 150/half, 300/hour (extras available @ $$$)

Age : 40-50

Size/shape : Mature, reasonable given age

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service, different levels offered

Value for money/recommend? : getting a little pricey for an older, nothing too special service

The Service:
Well it had been a bit of a 'cold' start to the summer and the pics on kali's website were starting to look good! haha.. Made appointment pretty easily, and met at quite a respectable hotel in broady, close to the GC highway. Greeted with what appeared to be a genuinely friendly and warm hug to accompany the hug and grope form kali. She is certainly not a size 6-8 blonde 'Bimbo' as might be stereo type GC, but for an older lady she isn't unattractive, if you don't mind mature, busty women.. 
Kali offered sensual massage, some tickling and not a bad massage technique.. Next CBJ and onto penetration.. There was some kissing and a moderate amount of GFE in the service.. But to be honest i just wasn't feeing it. I don't think our chemistry worked. and as such my mind was just elsewhere. Having said that, YMMV, so if it sounds like your thing, give it a run!

Happy Punting


