Thread Title: Kandii - Hervey Bay - 0403 141 367
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th March 2014, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Kandii - Hervey Bay - 0403 141 367
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kandii

Establishment : Privte

Date of Visit : 04/03/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403 141 367

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $220 / 1 hour

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : 10-12 / slimmish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service 

Value for money/recommend? : NO / NO

My experience/comments : Well the prequel to the sequel, was around 1pm & sorting through the boys finances, decided I needed to loose a couple of hundren myself so checked around, notice this girl advertising so give her a call, sounded nice on the phone $220 for the hour, you pay for what you get...heard that a few hours later but anyways she "living" in Scarness, not sure but being in the Bay a few times when I arrived its a notrious whore house, over the last 5 years coming here for family, friends, business & pleasures I have been here a few times. Made a booking for 1:30 as she was quiet....Same as Black Sugar later on but def not into negiotiations, that in its self is bad business sense to me Black Sugar only had me as a client all day, why not make it a bit cheaper if you are serious in making money, Up here no one has money & no jobs got me fucked...Kandii said she could of had a few cheaper bookings but aye there financial loss.
So head on around, nice girl does look around 30 & advised mostly $220 gets you kissing, mutual oral & fucking with cum as much as you can in the time. Just what I needed, did not really bother me if it was a dud time, my son had done my head in & some guilty pleasures of the skin was required to defry my fucking brain from the financial nightmare my son has somehow got himself into. No real questions asked, payed the girl & into a quick shower.

Out of the shower she was already naked, nice body really & she summoned me to the bed, no real chit chat apart from the "oh you must be horny looking at your cock" I was already rock hard. She mentions she loves when men are rock hard as they know how to dominate a whore & saves her alot of work...So kissing her I reef her head back & tell her suck my cock slut, this must of turned her on she moaned & said yes i love being told what to do, straight onto a so so cock sucking lil session, not the best more mundane then anything, gotta love whores who think they can suck cock but are a complate failure at this yet honestly believe you are totally loving it...far from it was boring only reason it was ok was because I made it ok by holding her head still & fucking her mouth & me doing all the head movements. Totally shit at sucking cock but you know guys you get that. So after about 15 minutes of me using her face as a cock rest, I tell her on your back whore I wanna eat your sloppy cunt...I swear this chick loves being spoken to like a trollop. 

Her pussy was much better to eat then her lame headjob, just thought not much emotion from the girl when eating her cunt, she has a nice taste & a tight feel to her pussy, she imrpoved but again I dare say it was me making all the right moves for myself not for her pleasure, her clit was nice, plenty of spitting on her slit while I got 3 fingers inside as i munged out on her clit. Only spent 10 minutes down here as this girl just did not seem all that interested, so figured may as well thrash the girl & get out od there. On with a dom, me on top while i pumped away, at times she seemed distance like she was distracted, other times she seemed to genuinely love being fucked, some passion & real moans then back to blank stair...So ask her to hop on for some riding action, again same senario was unfolding, though her tits where nice & they distracted me from her blank gaze mixed with genuine pleasures...really was a bit off putting so, ask her doggy ? she said yes I love doggy.....on all 4's as i slammed into her, not seeing her mixed emotions was the trick, fucked away hard before unloading in the dom. All up 40 odd min had passed, she asked If i wanted another go, With another more focused lass yeah no issues, but not Kandii as nice as she was & easy to talk to she just sexually not what I wanted, but it served a purpose.

Overall: A weird session, nice enough girl but when you dont know if she is actually enjoying being fucked or she is disgusted with being used for sex its hard to say. When she was having fun it was fun othewise a real starfish at times as well. For this area white slim cute girl well I wont complain. Again she is from Brisbane & a brothel there, just be careful as she may pop up as a private as she mentioned she was thinking about it. Really a classic brothel sort of girl.

Rating : 6/10 

AS ALWAYS YMMV - especially with this one lads...


