Thread Title: Kara Hart - Brisbane - 0422 498 217
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2012, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: mrme42
Post Title: 
 Kara Hart - Brisbane - 0422 498 217
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kara Hart

Establishment : Outcall - "High class hotels only"

Date of Visit : August 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kara Brisbane Gold Coast Escort and Adult Services

Hours of Business :  10am - midnight (Mon-Sat)

Rates : $400/hr

Age :  21

Size/shape :  8 - Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Kara was one of my very first experiences of this world, I was excited, keen and scared all at the same time. I was on a working holiday in Brisbane and I thought I'd treat myself as it was going to be a hard work week there.

Kara appealed to me because of her well spoken nature and photos first and foremost. Slim, tasteful lingerie a touch of "high class".

Eventually the night came, Kara text to ask if she could come an hour earlier as she wanted to "go out with friends after", which I found a little unprofessional and awkward but I was free so I told her to come.

Arriving I opened the door to an extremely slender, attractive body, exactly as the pictures alluded, but in her heels she was towering over my 6ft frame by at least 4 inches which felt slightly awkward.

Coming in I offered her some water and we sat and chatted for a good 15/20 minutes before she lead me to the bedroom and started to unbutton my shirt.

Her kisses felt slightly awkward, more like pecks than any sort of embrace to the point I just didn't bother with them and asked for a massage. This too was a little disconnected and I couldn't help feeling I wasn't at the forefront of her thoughts.

Eventually she rolled me over and rode me cowgirl for a while before a blowjob (with condom) finished it off pretty much on the hour to the dot (including the talk time at the beginning).

As one of my first experiences I can't say it was my best, perhaps it was an off day for Kara too but based on my time with her, regardless of her amazing beauty, I can't recommend her services to any seasoned punter.


