Thread Title: Kasey - Labrador - 0449 606 332
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st July 2012, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: 
 Kasey - Labrador - 0449 606 332
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Kasey


Establishment :  Private


Date of Visit :  22-7-12


Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0449 606 332 GC Bulliten ad:"Classy Mature Brunette"


Hours of Business :  Most days, 10am-5pm


Rates :  100 half /  200 hour


Age :  40's


Size/shape : 10 curvy milf, enhanced(?)


Nationality or Ethnicity :  Australian


Services Provided : FS


Value for money/recommend? : possibly


I was feeling frisky as all heck so decided to do the bully roulette andit didn't suck yeah! Her place was pretty easy to find and wasn't too far from the Grand Hotel in Labrador. I found her pleasant and friendly and she had a lovely curvy figure. The session wasn't GFE with no kissing and kinda lacked that certain lusty chemistry to be a memorable one. Maybe it's the first time thing Bj was good and daty on her tasty and cute pussy was delish. Sex with her riding me got me through the line was satisfying. Dunno about this, it wasn't a bad punt and i found her hot but it could've been a better one. It could also be me not being used to half hour sessions as i usually like staying the hour.  Might try her again another time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th September 2013, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 Casey Labrador 0449 606 332
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 6.9.13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 606 332. Gold Coast bulletin

Hours of Business : seven days, daytime

Rates :$70 half hour massage with oral, 

Age : late 30s - mid 40s

Size/shape :size 8 with c-d cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : massage, 

Value for money/recommend? : excellent

My experience/comments : I was looking for half an hours fun and made a few calls in the Bully and Casey was the first to answer that was available ASAP, so I rocked up to her unit in Labrador 5 minutes after I called and was in the door.

Casey is slim, with a good rack, a nice handful, i think these were artificially enhanced, but not sure, she is quite well preserved for a more mature lady!

the massage was done on a bed, for such a petite woman, she did a good massage, back, legs, and feet, then rolled me over for some front fun, hand to start the covered bj to finish. She covered all the bases, and said full service was on offer if I was keen, but a massage was what I needed to see me through. To some it up, I would say 'cheap and cheerful'


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th September 2013, 05:59 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this the same Casey? Phone number looks different, but service, location and description seem to match...

Gold Coast Escorts Mature Labrador escort


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th September 2013, 05:42 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't think its the same lady, this Casey  had dark, short hair! But who is to know for sure, wigs etc....


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th June 2014, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: cfinley
Post Title: 
 Kasey - Labrador - 0449 606 332
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Crystal (I doubt that's her real name)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10th June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://qld.newsclassifieds.com.au/ Personals ads - 0449606332

Hours of Business : Didn't say - my encounter was in the evening

Rates : $180 for 1 hour

Age : Claimed to be 36 - I reckon about right

Size/shape : Average & busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : White

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : A bit overpriced

My experience/comments : Crystal was a mature and busty woman - offered a full service and 'deep tissue' massage. The massage was average and not a deep tissue massage. The full service was not too bad - seemed happy to please and willingly to do most things (was all safe). Would recommend if you are into mature women.

Charley


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th June 2014, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review cfinley.

The ladey is a prolific advertiser who uses the name "Casey" in the ads I saw.

AT - Adult Services - Personals - NewsClassifieds
Body Rub You Will LoveBody RubWhat's On
AN ATTRACTIVE BUSTY BRUNETTE FOR EROTIC MASSAGE, Southport

I've used the thread title from Private Working Ladies > Qld but she may answer to a number of names and spellings.

Here's her Locanto ad. Attractive & Busty Brunette is her logo,





			
				AN ATTRACTIVE BUSTY BRUNETTE FOR EROTIC MASSAGE - 38

Hi, my name is Casey and I'm Australian. I'm a mature classy brunette with a sexy size 8 body. I am tanned all over with a gorgeous 36D bust.

I offer a relaxing & erotic body massage with 'Hands You'll Love'.

I am in a private discreet location in Southport with off-street parking and am available most days between approx 9am and 5pm.

$70 for half an hour - Incalls only

So for a friendly fun time call me on 0449 606 332
I don't respond to emails, texts or private numbers


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th November 2016, 12:59 PM
Poster ID: Bob Macca
Post Title: 
 Casey - Southport - 0449 606 332
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Casey

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: November 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0449 606 332

Hours of Business: Daytime

Rates: $70 half hour

Age: 40s

Size/shape: petite, busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Rnt

Value for money/recommend?: yes, Id recommend Casey

My experience/comments:

Saw Casey earlier this month. Organising the booking was real easy. I called her in the morning and we planned a booking for around lunchtime.

She has a nice place in Southport, a little north of Aus Fair. Shower and bedroom were well kept and clean, so no issues. The massage took place in one of the bedrooms, with nice calm music playing in the background.

In terms of looks, I think shes really pretty, which makes the booking much more enjoyable. Shes got a cute, hot little body as well. Great boobs and a really nice arse.

I dont usually get massages, but wasnt in the mood for a full on shag, so thought Id give the Rnt a go. Im a bit of a wuss when it comes to massages, so I asked her for a soft, relaxing massage, which is exactly what I got. She also played with the junk a fair bit during the massage, which was nice. Spent most of my time feeling her curvy body, and then we ended with a covered blowjob.

All in all, had a great time with a really nice gal, and will definitely go back again, if Im in the mood for another Rnt.

Cheers all, and happy punting!

Bob Mc


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th March 2017, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey

Establishment : Private duplex in Southport

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Various ads e.g. http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...EST-RATES.html

Hours of Business : Incalls 9am - 4pm, doesn't work Wed or Fri currently

Rates : See ad

Age : Mid to late 40's?

Size/shape : Petite, big bolt-ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Rub, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Not really

I've been wanting to see Casey for some time to, hoping for a nice value option when I'm just toey and after a massage with happy ending.  One of Casey's options is $50 for oral and HJ, so that would do me nicely on certain occasions.  Casey is a nice lady, easy to talk to, and pleasant enough to look at for her age.  For me the experience was just a bit lacking for it to warrant a recommendation.  I went in for the $70 nude massage with CBJ/HJ option, but FS for $120 was also on offer.

The routine started with a "rub".  Casey admitted not being trained, so this was definitely more 5-10 minutes of rubbing unscented oil into my back while chatting.  On the turn, Casey grabbed a condom and rolled it on for few minutes of CBJ.  Not bad but nothing special.  Just as I was starting to warm up, the condom was removed and HJ started.  I was enjoying the HJ, but after 2-3 minutes Casey asked if I was going to cum soon because she couldn't keep it up for much longer.  That was a bit surprising because it was a pretty slow HJ up to that point.  So at that point I got myself in the spirit of finishing off, and after a couple more minutes I shot a huge load up over my shoulder onto the pillow.  Casey said I'd given her a real workout, so I'm glad I was really horny before I saw her, or I would have been finishing myself off I think.

So that's my experience.  Maybe I got her on an off day.  Nice lady, pleasant looks, good value.  Got me over the line with a surprisingly big cumshot.  Just something missing energy wise for me.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 15th November 2017, 07:31 AM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Casey - Southport/Labrador, Gold Coast - 0449606332
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey

Establishment :  Private townhouse northern end of Southport

Date of Visit :  Tue 7/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0449 606 332
???AUSTRALIAN CASEY??? Hands You'll Love $80 Massage Good-Looking Gorgeous 36D Bust - Gold Coast body rubs - cracker.com.au
Also Locanto Gold Coast, search Casey

Hours of Business :  Mon-Fri 8am-afternoon, Sat-Sun from 1pm

Rates :  $80/30min

Age :  Claims 40, more like late 50's early 60's

Size/shape :  slim, dark hair, enhanced D tits, shaved with narrow strip pubes, wrinkle skin reflecting her age

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie, thought I detected hint of Kiwi accent

Services Provided :  RNT, covered BJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Maybe / No (not for me)

My experience/comments :

Was up Southport way for business and decided to try Casey being attracted to her ad by her pics, not surprising the pics were not her. Maybe from days in her distant past. She missed my initial call but texted me soon after to call her back which I did and she gave me her address. Entrance to her place is off a reasonably busy road but had a discrete access to her front door thru her front garage which was open.

After sorting the finances, I requested shower as it was a hot day. She was already nude when I returned and I went face down on a towel on the bed. Her massage was reasonably good but she doesn't do bodyslides for the price she charges, just straight massage. Not much tackle tickle in her routine but she then did announce she was going to give the jewels some stimulation so I obliged by lifting my bum to enable her better access. Her technique was more like her fingers gently mixing a mound of flour with water ready to make some dough, but it did harden me up somewhat.

Time for the turnover and she gave me the touching rules - tits and bum ok but not between legs or pussy. On with a condom then she went to work sucking my cock. Reasonably good technique bobbing up and down stretching my cock while cupping her hand round my balls, while I fondled her bumcheeks and tits but found it off-putting I could not venture my hand between her cheeks and over her pussy. She took off the dom and finished me off with a HJ, blowing my load. She cleaned me up with some wet wipes which I preferred as I didn't want to hang around to shower. I was dressed  and on my way. She was cheap so maybe others may find her service satisfactory for the value but I won't be back, prefer to pay a bit more for much raunchier service elsewhere.

Moderators: After I posted this, I found an older review thread for Casey in the New Members Lounge, not sure if you want move/link this to there. My preference is to leave it here.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th January 2018, 10:01 AM
Poster ID: trent083
Post Title: 
 Casey - 0449 606 332
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : 26/1/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 606 332 https://m.locanto.com.au/goldcoast/I...-Sexy-Sz8.html

Hours of Business : 8-5 monday - friday, and 1-5 saturday and sunday

Rates : $80 30 mins

Age : 40

Size/shape : largeish but definitely not obese 

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian

Services Provided : PML

Value for money/recommend? : Depends what your after

My experience/comments : 

Dropped in here to see casey on my way home this morning and came away disappointed. It was mainly focused on sensual rubbing..no sort of pressure whatsoever.

The ending though was relaxing in itself, her skills with her hand and mouth are outstanding so that makes it value for money in my eyes.


