Thread Title: Katy - Brisbane - 0449778510
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th July 2018, 12:35 AM
Poster ID: InnocentDave
Post Title: 
 Katy - Brisbane - 0449778510
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katy

Establishment : Hotel

Date of Visit : 24/07/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : cell - 0449778510, wechat - xixiaojun2 

Hours of Business : AM to PM

Rates : $380 for 1 hr, $650 for 2 hrs

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : 5ft. slender + petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Hell yeah!

My experience/comments : I was in Brisbane for a business trip and had some time to kill. I decided to look for private Asians around my area on Wechat. Immediately, I spotted a young beautiful looking Chinese girl within 1km from me. Her rates were competitive and her photos were too enticing to turn away, so I decided to give it a try.

I went to her place and was quickly buzzed in. She opened the door, and I was greeted by a slim and gorgeous figure wearing black lingerie. I was very very pleased, and I could feel the blood rushing away from my head to you know where . Guys, if you like small Asian women, it rarely gets any better than Katy.

 We sat and chatted a bit. It turns out, she was traveling in Brisbane. She lives and works mainly in Melbourne. (Note to self 1: need to ask boss to send me to Melbourne for assignments!) Sadly though, she told me that her escorting career is slowly winding down. (Note to self 2: make request to boss ASAP!) We talked for about 10-15 minutes, during this time, she was playing with my clothes while I was reached my hand into her underwear. I started to feel moisture, and didn't want to waste anymore time so I quickly got up for a shower.

She joined me in the shower and made sure that I was cleaned head to toe. She paid particular attention to certain areas of my body, I thought presumably they were to be caressed by her soft lips minutes later in bed. But I thought wrong! Within seconds, she was kneeling on the marbled shower floor giving me an amazing blow job! I tried to hold it in, and asked her if we can move the action to her bedroom.

After that, my mind kind of went blank. I do remember fucking her in various positions, but I cannot be sure about which specific positions they were. So I apologize in advance to those who wish to know which positions are best to enjoy Katy's services. All I can say is that I vividly remember cumming three times in a span of two hours. In between the fucking, we talked. Katy is very easy to talk to and very easy to get along with.   

Some final words: Katy told me that she is accepting longer bookings, and is actually trying to get people to consider the longer options. I think it is 2800 for the whole day, and 10,000 for the whole week. Also, I think she prefers Asian clients, but she does take non-Asians too (depending on size). 
.


