Thread Title: Kay- Brisbane- 0411 276 972
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th November 2016, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: 
 Kay- Brisbane- 0411 276 972
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kay

Establishment : Southern Cross Apartments, Kangaroo Point

Date of Visit : Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.cracker.com.au/Femal...booty/23460522
http://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID_...big-Booty.html


Hours of Business : not sure, works 7 days I think

Rates : $200/hour

Age : Advertises 22, I'd guess mid-late 40's

Size/shape : I'd say her pics are real, size8, nice C cups. In good shape for her age.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Advertises as Thai, she said Jap

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS, but alas no squirting 

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Had travelled to Brisbane for work and being a sucker for a young Asian squirter ( I think I've watched too much Jap squirting porn), I saw both her ads on Locanto and cracker and had to give it a try. I should have heard the alarm bells when she was unsure what I was talking about but she would try. Funny, I asked where she was from and she said Japan, I told her that her ad said Thai and she laughed. 
BTW mods, I know you shouldn't give the address for a PWL, but this place is Brisbane's version of 4 floors, there's many PWL's here, however feel free to remove the address if necessary.

Anyway , paid for 1 hour, showered then into the room where she was on the bed spread eagled. I worked on her tits for a bit then went down. She's got a nice pussy, unshaven but the hair was sparse. Whilst she was happy for me eating her, the whole time she seemed distant and disinterested. I tickled her ring and asked if she liked it, she said yes so with the aid of saliva I ended up knuckle deep. After a while I needed a rest so I asked for a BJ, she rolled on the dom for a pretty good CBJ. I got her to swing around into 69. She seemed a bit more responsive this way and her arse was clenching on my finger. I blew in the dom and then she cleaned me up. She asked if I wanted more suck, I said yes so she laid on her back and spread her legs. I went down again and she nearly came. I asked her to sit on my face but she said 40 minutes gone already, if you want to come again we need to fuck now. Ok, so on with the dom for a bit of CBJ then straight into Asian cowgirl. Went at it for about 5 minutes then she got tired and asked for doggie. She responded to doggie quite well and happily accepted most of my thumb in her arse, another 5 minutes of this and I blew in the don. Had a quick shower then left.
It wasn't a bad punt, but not what I hoped for and at $200/ hour is more than I'd usually pay in Sydney for better service by a younger lady.


