Thread Title: Kayo - Kangaroo Point - 0439 434 204
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th September 2014, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: 
 Kayo - Kangaroo Point - 0439 434 204
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kayo

 Establishment : Southern Cross Apartments (at present)

 Date of Visit : September 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto, Phone 0439 434 204 Very friendly Japanese 25

 Hours of Business : Up to about 10 or11 pm

 Rates : 100/30, 150/45, 200/60

 Age : 25

 Size/shape : size 8, 

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

 Services Provided : FS, BJ, DATY, kissing

 Value for money/recommend? : Definitely!

 My experience/comments :
Kayo has worked  bit at the Brissy asian brothels (different name) - that was where I met her and she was my favourite Japanese girl. She is working privately now at kangaroo  point.

The service was just as good.  We sorted the money out and I had a shower  - by which time she was only wearing a huge smile.  Rather than go into a blow  by blow (maybe an intentional pun...) description, I will just say everything was  very enthusiastic - kissing, touching,  BJ, daty, she likes her tits sucked and  she likes sex.

The pictures are real and probably less than 2 weeks old. I love  that she doesn't ask if I want to fuck she tells me she wants to fuck and really  seems to mean it. I am just over 50 and it's great to find a young girl who is so  enthusiastic.

After posting this I realised I had reviewed Kayo (then Suzie) after my visit to AS in March - that review is much the same as this, not surprisingly.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th September 2014, 05:57 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review Zing22.






 Originally Posted by Zing22

 ... she likes having her tits sucked and she likes sex.


 Not a lot more one could ask for.

Here's Kayo's Locanto ad,





			
				 Very Friiendly Japanese 25-Kangaroo point - 25

Hi, how are you?
My name is Kayo from japan.

Fun-loving Japanese girl (25)
Size 8
Real photos!
Only here for 1month
Friendly service
Will show you a fantastic time

Full service
Incall
Half hour $100
45 mins $150
1 hour $200

I know my personal description is short but
Picture is worth a thousand words

Please call me or srnd me text if i am busy: 0439434204


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th November 2014, 12:51 AM
Poster ID: KazuyaSan
Post Title: 
 Kayo / Suzie - Brisbane - 0439 434 204
				
Post Content: 
I can't seem to edit so here it is with the template:

 Person's Name : Kayo / Suzie

 Establishment : Private

 Date of Visit : Early October 

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kayo | | Escorts & Babes

 Hours of Business : 6:00am - Till late

 Rates : $100 +

 Age : 25

 Size/shape : Busty

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

 Services Provided : GFE

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

 My experience/comments : Suzie advertises on Escorts and Babaes and Locanto. I've seen her before at one of the Brisbane brothels and decided to see her again (October). 

 I tend to go for half hour appointments but since I'd seen her before and liked her I went for an hour. Suzie immediately makes you feel at home and is very friendly. None of that awkward first time meeting that you sometimes get. She really puts you at ease. 

 In for a quick shower and we chat for a while. On the bed and it doesn't take long for the action to start with her initiating and giving me one of the best blowjobs I've ever had. I had to get her to slow down. Suzie likes to kiss and we kissed for several minutes before moving to the main event. She started out on top and really got into it. She's definately not a faker and she came after about 5 mins. I always prefer to be on top to finish so I jumped on and it wasn't long before I finished too. 

 We still had 20 minutes so we chatted and she gave me a massage which wasn't fantastic but was nice. I hopped in the shower and was out of there on a high. I checked my watch and was there for an hour and 20 minutes. Definately not a clock watcher. 

 Highly recommended.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st November 2014, 03:06 PM
Poster ID: asianobsessed
Post Title: 
 Kayo - Kangaroo Point, Southern Cross Brisbane
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kayo

Establishment : Southern Cross Apartments, Kangaroo Point Brisbane

Date of Visit : 07/11/14, but quite regularly

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0439 434 204, has ads on backpage.com

Hours of Business : everyday.

Rates : 120/30 200/1hr

Age : 25-26

Size/shape : probably a size 8 with around c cup breasts, maybe smaller. Not the smallest girl but very cute.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Full service, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : yes, I would recommend.

My experience/comments : I heard about kayo through another forum. She worked at brothels and decided to go independent.
When i found out she was at Southern cross i thought it was a scam, but she is very real. The place is fairly terrible, it has a bad reputation and the rooms are kind of ugly, but the bedrrom has a good sized mirror to watch the action and it's always nice and cool.
Arrived and greeted my a super cute japanese girl. Short straight black hair with a very cute fringe. Her english is pretty good and she is always smiling.
She gets naked straight away, actually if you request it she will answer the door in nothing but heels. 
Some people think she is fat, and to be honest has put on a little weight in the past few months, but she makes up for it in other ways.
I must admit, I have seen this girl a few times and it is mostly for the bj. pretty good stuff, can take a good few inches down her throat without flinching.
She genuinely likes to fuck, will try a number of different positions, even standing up and bending her over against the mirror. She seems to enjoy sex and really gives it her all to please you. no massage but she is no clock watcher and you can take your time.
She does offer some extras, greek apparently but tells me that is only for Asian cock. lol
She is a super nice girl and easy to talk to. She is no bullshit, just tell her what you want and treat her nice.
Definately VFM. i usually visit her after work before the sun goes down, but she starts early and is willing to accomodate. She also provides outcalls at 300 an hour. happy punting


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th December 2018, 03:12 PM
Poster ID: Lowfat1
Post Title: 
 Kayo - Gold Coast - 0439 434 204
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kayo

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/kayointokyo/

Phone : 0439434204

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $300/hour

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : F/S incall

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was in Broadbeach unexpectedly last month and flicked Kayo a message  looking for a 1/2 hour in-call. Even though she doesn't live at her  in-call place, she was there 15 minutes later to see me. Kayo is a  genuine Japanese lady who really loves what she does, a big change from  the usual asian WL's on the Coast. Especially when you consider her  rates as she has extras included that would normally cost at least  another pineapple. Her place is easy to find and once buzzed in she met  me at the door with a big smile and was dressed in a sexy full length  body suit with cut-outs in all the right places. She has a few outfits  available and always asks what you'd like her to wear next time. She's  very obliging to most requests and gives good conversation after the job  is done. I particularly enjoyed her DFK and her blowjobs are simply  sensational. Like others have said, I've found my new favourite WL for a VFM punt.


