Thread Title: Kelly Taylor - Kangaroo Point - 0487 403 308
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd January 2018, 02:51 PM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: 
 Kelly Taylor - Kangaroo Point - 0487 403 308
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly Taylor

Establishment : Motel

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0487 403 308   https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../Kellytaylor3/

Hours of Business : Check Schedule

Rates : $180 hr

Age : 22

Size/shape : 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ, CFS, TF, COB, COF, MSOG 

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely VFM, and yes, recommended

My experience/comments : 

So I find myself in Brissy, and look up to see if there is any young busty action. I stumble across Kelly's ad and send her a text. She has availability on the day, so I head over to a seedy Kangaroo Point motel on Main Street for some action. Kelly's reply states that kissing, msog, mutual oral, COF/COB are on offer for the hour at $180. One look at the pics and vid of her tits and I am there.

I arrive at the door, and its the girl in the pics. A curvy woman, but not a bbw, and her tits look really nice and full and are falling out of the dress she is wearing. The room is tiny, with a shower, and not very nice. Kelly asks if I want a massage. I decline and said that I would like to get into it. She removes her dress, and I immediately go for her huge breasts. I suck on her nipples for a while, and am hard and ready to go. She slips on a dom, a quick and very average cbj, and I mount her missionary. We go at it for a while, then to doggy where I can see her huge tits swinging from the side view. Then finally, I ask to TF her, so she oils up her breasts, I climb on top and thrust my cock between her breasts and thrust until I cant take it any longer. I end up aiming and shooting all over her face. She took it all in stride. Didnt revel in it, but was not disgusted by it either. A quick cleanup and the same action for two more rounds.

All up, a great value for money, and her breasts are definitely the main attraction. With that said, here are the pros and cons:

Pros: Huge breasts and nipples, young with a relatively pretty face, accommodating and allows you to do what you want (though she is all safe so wont tolerate boundaries being pushed), MSOG, COF from a young Aussie beach type gal, great titfuck, nice shaved pussy, fairly new to the game, so still unjaded.

Cons: She is a bit of a starfish, but I dont think its intentional. I think she is really inexperienced. Her feet could use a pedi (sorry, I like nice feet). Room is tiny and a bit sleazy, with minimal amenities. 

With all of that said, she is a very nice and accommodating provider, and was able to make my cum til I was dry. I think she was only offering massage previously, but has now ventured into FS. Definitely VFM based on breast play, FS and COF alone. Most QLD WLs charge for everything, but there is no up sell here. Interested to hear other follow up reports.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th January 2018, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: Warebegone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for review, andraye. Happy you had a pleasant experience. For most of us, KP motels are a 'no go zone', myself included. I had a very bad experience there, a few years ago. May your good fortune in punting continue.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2018, 07:12 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I will be in Brisbane/Gold Coast later this week/weekend and looking for a nice slightly dirty girl so I might even try this one.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th May 2019, 02:21 PM
Poster ID: Techno
Post Title: 
 Aussie Kelly 12G - Kangaroo Point -  0487 403 308
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : May 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../Kellytaylor3/

Phone : 0487403308

Hours of Business : Varies each week

Rates :  $70-$170

Age : 22

Size/shape :  Curvy and Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Rub & HJ/BJ/Titty Fuck

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I had high hopes of for Kelly being a lover of great titty fucks!  Her place is a rent room in a hotel, discreet enough although somewhat of a small room, head in the room and was greeted by Kelly who certainly looks around her advertised age.  I decided to have a 30min session for $90 got undressed and lay face down on the bed, what followed was a mediocre (at best) nude massage with no tickle or tits involved this lasted about 10 maybe 15 minutes before asking me to turn over.  She gave the ready and erect member a quick stroke and massage with oil and asked what I wanted.  

Now don't get me wrong she has a fantastic pair of tits genuine G and VERY soft, I told her titty fuck and I was hoping there would be a bit play and titty rub down etc. however she just said I lie down it's easier.  SO sliding between them great tits was fantastic no doubt and I eventually shot my load between them, however it was all very mechanical and she spent most of the time just trying to shield her self from any cum on her face.

Great tits but not the greatest service I've every experience - oh also buyer beware ever my visit she also started sending me SMS about when she is available etc. which isn't something I signed up for!!!  She did stop them when I replied asking her to stop them.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th May 2019, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Aussie Kelly 12G - Kangaroo Point - 0487 403 308
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment :  Motel

Date of Visit : April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../Kellytaylor3/

Phone : 0487403308

Hours of Business : Business whenever she's free. Text her for availability.

Rates : $70-$170

Age : 22

Size/shape : short Curvy with big tits 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Rub & HJ/BJ/Titty Fuck

Value for money/recommend? : Its a no for me 

My experience/comments: ok so I heard a good reviews about Taylor and seeing a photo of those Huge "tata's" I decided to throw her a text and ask about her services. She gave me a long list of the fun stuff she did and eventually after a few days she kept texting me photos of her and her availability which I found a bit annoying. Eventually she texted and said for today she was having a an half hour special for $70 so feeling horny I took her up on the offer. I made my way up to
Kangaroo point to a very dogey as fuck hotel and was greeted by Taylor. First impression I was a bit disappointed on her looks. I dunno if she was having a off day but she didn't seem interested nor happy. At that point I probably should have walked however she was young and at $70 I thought I'd stay and give her shot even tho I had a horrible feeling. The room was tiny it was just a bed and a tiny bathroom Neways paid her and we were off. Started with a massage to get started that was average then asked to flip. She then put On a condom for a average  bj then I tell Her I wanna titty fuck which then she lies down and I go on top of her and fuck get tits. This was the highlight of the session then I eventually give up and blow my load on her all over  Nipple. I got up got dressed myself and left. She was on her phone waiting for me to leave and Didnt even make any eye contact. Gave her a quick bye and I was off. Overall I wouldn't return! She didn't seem to make much effort and the whole expiernce was just awkward. Even tho I paid for 30mins I was out the door in like 15mins or less.


