Thread Title: Kelly - Brisbane - 0475 889 273
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2015, 09:59 AM
Poster ID: Josip
Post Title: 
 Kelly - Brisbane - 0475 889 273
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly Hart

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 27/07/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Phone - 0475889273 || Website - Kelly Hart - Private Escort Brisbane

Hours of Business : 10am - Midnight (Mon-Sat), 12pm - Midnight (Sun)

Rates : $400/hr (incall)

Age : 23

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (South Korean)

Services Provided : F/S (GFE)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : I have seen Kelly several times throughout 2014 and 2015.  Although the experience is always pretty consistent, this particular review will be based on my most recent visit.  I saw Kelly for a one-hour incall appointment, and asked if she could wear a nice short dress for me.  I was not disappointed when I opened the door, as she had completed the outfit with some stunning jewellery, heels, makeup and (as I was to later discover) matching lingerie.  Kelly claims to have been a part-time model in Korea, and it shows in her tall, gym-toned body and expertly-done makeup and hair.  After handing over the cash and taking a long drink of water to calm my nerves, we went to the couch and had a long, steamy makeout session, which gave me plenty of time to explore her amazing body with my hands.  By the time, we left the couch for the bed, we were both half-dressed and well-and-truly warmed up for the main course.  We managed to rotate through several different positions before I finally got an amazing shot off, which took quite some time to recover from.  After that, it was into the shower and out the door, but not before a nice kiss goodbye and another glass of water to freshen up.  Overall, it was a great encounter and worth the slightly higher price tag imo.  However, Kelly may not be for those punters after a more crazy PSE-style experience.  She would suit anyone looking for a passionate GFE with a beautiful Korean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd August 2015, 01:32 PM
Poster ID: The Steed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Josip. Her pics look stunning. Asian, Petite, Cute...just my type. What about her feet? Did you notice? Although a bit high end for me..if I was in Brisbane, I would make an exception. Thanks for sharing


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd August 2015, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: Josip
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can't say I noticed too much about her feet, not really my thing haha.  I'm sure that they're just as well looked after as the rest of her though.  I agree that her price puts her a cut above most asian escorts who really compete on price around the $250/hr range, but I've found her service to be worth it.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd August 2015, 10:18 PM
Poster ID: The Steed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you Josip


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th August 2015, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: jimdivvy
Post Title: 
 Kelly Hart - Sydney Tourer
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kelly Hart

Establishment: 5* Hotel, Sydney

Date of Visit: 4/8/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/kelly-hart/

Hours of Business: 10am till late

Rates:$400

Age: Mid 20's

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: OK, but I think you can get better value elsewhere

My experience/comments:

I'd read a few good reviews of Kelly Hart from Brisbane, so thought I'd give her a whirl on her Sydney tour. Arrangement was easy and she texted my her room number (no room key needed for lift) at the 5* Hotel in Sydney CBD. Nice venue, so things were looking up.

She greeted me at the door in a slinky, figure-hugging dress, so I could see she had a great body, but I was slightly let down with her looks, seeing as I'd read other reviews describing her as 'stunning' (and for $400 is what I'd hoped for). She's definitely pretty, yes, but not a stunner, in my opinion.

A quick freshen up and I came to find her lying naked on the bed. While her face may not be completely stunning, her figure certainly is. Not for you if you like them voluptuous and curvy, but I thought her body was awesome; slim, pale skin, with B cups. Started slowly with some caressing and kissing, but it never got to DFK with her.

She gave me a CBJ and let me lick her minge, which was lovely (neatly trimmed), but wouldn't let me finger her.

Started nobbing her in mish, and she felt nice and tight, though soon juiced up a fair bit. Went at it for quite a while like this then turned her around for some doggy with a fist full of her hair. "Not too deep, darling" she said as I was getting enthusiastic, and eventually switched to cowgirl.

She was grinding away here for a while, and really got off on it, soaking wet, and then changed from grinding to bouncing up and down on the old chap, and she's so slight this was easy (and an awesome sight) and this eventually brought me off.

Had a pretty bad massage off her afterwards (she admitted she was hopeless before starting) and had a nice post session chat with her, as she's really nice to talk to.

So it was on OK session. Service was reasonable, but not wild, and I think you could probably find better looking Asians and service at Ginza or 5 Star (any other recommendations?) for less money. May be good if you have a specific thing for Koreans.


