Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd April 2010, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: dex
Post Title: 
 Kendra - Brisbane/Gold Coast
				
Post Content: 
Hey all,  a first review for a Qld WL...

I originally saw Kendra in Nov last year in Sydney - my original thoughts on the experience was "had an OK time but wouldnt see her again".  

Well things generally turn out differently to how we plan it, and early last month I was in Brisbane & the gold coast for a few days.  Feeling the need for some cute, young female companionship I started going thru the Qld ads in Cracker to see who was available.  

Lo & behold I spy Kendra's ad while I was in Brissy and I thought "why the hell not?"  She fit the criteria of young and attractive female and I wasnt too keen to trawling thru all the unknowns there.

Age: Early 20's at the latest
Height: She's tiny - about 5'4"
Weight: maybe 50kg
body shape: athletic, maybe size 6, (a-b cup) lots of artwork/tatts

Kendra is a young brunette, pretty and with a bubbly kind of personality.  We met up at my place and  after the financials were taken care of  we got down to the fun part of the event...

Started off pretty standard with a massage note to self – bypass this part as really she is pretty hopeless – and I meant that in the nicest possible way! Im just used to an authentic thai massage and really, hers just didnt compare.

The main event was pretty good, she offers some kissing (not DFK tho) and CBJ.  Positioned ourselves in a 69er and did this for quite sometime and gradually she got a bit more into it and got progressively more animated and we eventually moved on to cowgirl.    CG doesnt really do it for me so I flipped her over to missionary and then my fave – doggie!  Really, who doesnt like doggie right? And with Kendra her ass is perfect for doggie as its just so pert & round, I even got a few spanks in which she didnt seem to mind...  

After the event, I had a quick shower and we chatted for a bit – she appears to have moved to QLD after living in & working in Sydney.  I said I would definitely look her up again whne I was next in QLD.  Overall it was actually better than my 1st experience with her and it may be case of her needing to build some connection beforehand or for Kendra to get comfortable with you.  Cost was $350 for the hr.


