Thread Title: Kendra - Brisbane - 0478 898 398
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th September 2015, 09:22 PM
Poster ID: Bob Macca
Post Title: 
 Kendra - Brisbane - 0478 898 398
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kendra

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: August 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0478 898 398

Hours of Business: Daytime

Rates: $250 p/h

Age: late 20s

Size/shape: curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, definitely recommend. Really nice gal.

My experience/comments:

I was actually planning on seeing another lady who Ive been with before, but unfortunately see was busy.

So I went on the Australian Babe website and I stumbled across Kendra's profile. She looked absolutely stunning in her photos, so I decided to give it a punt.

Sent her a text, and got a prompt response which was great. Luckily, she wasnt too busy so we were able to book a session for that afternoon.

Got to her place easy enough, and knocked on the door. To be honest, I was a little skeptical about her photos, but I was hoping she would be alright looking. Anyway, when she opened the door, I was absolutely stoked! Kendra is a glamour. May not be everyones cup of tea, but I reckon shes stunning.

Beautiful face, and a pretty hot body as well. She gives me a kiss and we sit down on the couch.

I sort out the finances, then we sit and chat for a bit. Then I grab a quick shower while she gets ready in the bedroom. Shes got a pretty nice place, and a decent shower as well.

When Im done, I head into the bedroom and Kendras wearing this sexy red lingerie. Shes got a smoking hot body, but I also noticed shes got a little bit of a belly. I think she calls it a "mummy tummy". Anyway, didnt bother me, I like them cuddly.

I dont usually like going into detail, but I dont think Kendra would mind, so here goes. We started off with some light kissing, then on with the rubber and a really nice blowjob. Then I returned the favour and tasted her sweet pussy. Kendra really enjoyed it, or at least I think she did. Lots of moaning and hair grabbing.

Then we started with missionary, some doggie, and finally finished with cowgirl (my fav). All in all, the shag was amazing, and Kendra always made sure that I was enjoying the moment.

We kissed, hugged, then I was on my way. It was only a 1 hour booking, but she didnt clock watch or anything, so it was great.

Id definitely recommend Kendra. Like I said, shes really hot and the shag was great. But I think I'll probably stick to my original gal (Olivia) who was my first ever punt. To each his own, I guess.

As always, hope this review helps and if there are any questions, just let me know and I'll answer as best I can.

Cheers all, and happy punting!

Bob Mc


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd December 2015, 04:00 PM
Poster ID: Benwaughfuxwhores
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kendra

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Oct 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.australian-babe.com/babes/queensland/kendra

Hours of Business : see site

Rates : 300

Age : ad says 26, not far off maybe late 20s early 30s

Size/shape : 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments : 

Pretty sure this is the same girl but she has changed no and rates since earlier review. 

Kendra is a good looking girl. As said in other review she has bit of a belly not really visible in pics but they are her and she meets expectations. Opened door in her lingerie and invited me in with a friendly smile. Business out the way I was directed to shower then met her in the bedroom. Light tickle led to fondling then to a good bj. Sex was in fairly standard positions but she is skilled.

Have seen her a few times now. Spending the extra for a gfe is definite which makes the hourly rate 350. Otherwise the kissing is pretty tame. Does a lot of other extras that are worth asking about.


