Thread Title: Kerrie - Cairns and Mission Beach - 0475 445 075
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th September 2014, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Kerrie - Cairns and Mission Beach - 0475 445 075
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kerrie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0475445075

Hours of Business : Most weekends

Rates : $70 half $140 full hour

Age : Early Thirties

Size/shape : Around a 12 but had a lot of loose flab, especially around her middle

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full Kissing GFE and keen with both (enthusiastic and friendly)

Value for money/recommend? : Good VFM but would not suit everyone

My experience/comments : 

Kerrie used to advertise as a "Kiwi Beauty", that she certainly wasn't, now Mission beach cutie fits better. 
Enthusiastic, if service is more important that looks go for it! Not expensive either.

About 5ft 6 not a body to die for but some bits were really solid (her biceps) said she used to do boxing and still works out,  flabby thighs and middle still remain.

Kerrie was much as I expected for the price, kissing was on offer but I wasn't tempted, she is not ugly, it was borderline, but a no for me.

Good conversationalist, and she rubbed my belly and lower bits while we talked. It took a while to get hard, but she persevered.
When I got hard it was on with the dom and she gave good head, I had to stop her before it was too late, her body is slightly  better than her looks, so I opted for doggy, she pushed back really hard, she is stronger than she seems and that helped but after a minute or two she reminded me we only had 5 minutes left (real passion killer).

I pulled out, lay on the bed and waited for her to take off the dom, she didn't but sucked until I blew and it was a welcome surprise, she teased perfectly before finishing me!

Probably around the right price for a rnt but more was on offer and the service was (time comment excepted) excellent.

I was ready to shower and go but next surprise, she showered with me, now well over time, no rush, she offered second chance in the shower. I declined (I like pretty girls) It seems to me that Kerry will do what she can for you. But can't offer high class in any area except willingness!

I would probably not go again unless I really wanted a punt and funds were tight, or had something I wanted to try out.  I still Can't work out why she gave me a 5 minute warning and then carried on for around 20 minutes more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th September 2014, 06:38 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by joculese


Person's Name : Kerrie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late June
.

"""



Thank you for your review Joculese.

Good review.

Please would you post Kerrie's ad ?


