Thread Title: Kiarna Gold Coast
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th July 2018, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Kiarna Gold Coast
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : kiarna

Establishment : hotel

Date of Visit : 21/7/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_...-250-hour.html

Phone : n/a

Hours of Business : enquire

Rates : $550 / 2 hours

Age : 20

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service anal

Value for money/recommend? : sort ot

My experience/comments : 
I have chatted to this girl for a while, made bookings when on the Coast but always cancels. She cheats via locanto or Kik so when she messaged Saturday offering services I advised her you always cancel but she promised not this time. Anyways made a booking at a motel she was working from and advised if I paid for it out of the &550 I can have the room after, sure so all up $550 so dont go on her rates on locanto you advise her how much.

She is a attractive girl with out being drop dead hot, easy going yet stand offish. Anyways onto the sex she gives a OK headjob, as long as you want really and this lasted 20 min before I went down on her, nice pussy yet no or very little emotion, so about ten min of this then on with the sex, me on top and again was OK but nothing thrilling, I take it out and put it in her ass, she seems to enjoy this more so fuck her ass til I blow...hour mark we chatted before more head and a 69er before more fucking of her ass, her ass can take a pounding must of been 20 min fucking her ass before pulling out and fucked her pussy and cum.

2 hours up and she showed no signs of leaving so we had a coffee and a chat and asked you are you ready to leave, she said OK if your done with me? So I reckon another day hour if I wanted but she was boring. The sex was boring she was boring, looks nice but a boring old root at best.

For the money I have had way better but she does love her ass fucked, when chatting during coffee she said as much she loves it , you would not really know.

For me she was boring but nice to look at naked and fucking that's it.
Cheap anal from a young Aussie is the only thing going for her. 
Random replies via locanto and Kik so can be a task as well, as wont give out her phone number and the reason is clear really. Dont be at all surprised is she cancels when you book.
Edit: She did offer all night $1000 with as much ass n pussy n mouth sex as you want, the whole 8 hours she explained no rest time at all. While sounds worth it but when she is boring and simply hard to have anything in common with, I reckon you would go to sleep soon enough. 

P4P


