Thread Title: Kiki - Labrador - 0490 536 850
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th December 2016, 10:10 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Kiki - Labrador - 0490 536 850
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki - no, not my usual Kiki :-)

Establishment : Motel in Labrador

Date of Visit : 21/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490536850 - random ads on Locanto   

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $130/$200 - 30/60mins

Age : early twenties?

Size/shape : Very slim, small breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese?

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad

My experience/comments :

Not too much to say about this one.  I had made my way to another appointment, and actually walked when she was clearly not the young tanned thai girl in the Locanto photos.  I have to say, she (TBH not a bad looker, but older) took it on the chin though, so credit to her for not giving me shit like some have when I've challenged the pics in the past.  So I was at a loss, in the middle of Southport, and just started calling random Locanto and Cracker ads.  I got a couple of call backs and went for the one that sounded youngest.  I'm sure most of you know the drill about calling a "22 year old" and you can clearly pick the lady on the other end of the phone to be "mature".  Anyway, the place was very easy to find on Frank Street.  I parked on the street behind, and Kiki's room was at the back of the motel, so it was easy to sneak in the back gate without having to worry about anyone down the track saying "hey Niteowl, I was driving down Frank St the other day, saw you walking into a motel... what the go with that"?

So into the room and Kiki is a very slim girl in her early twenties I'd say.  Small tits, but definitely enough to grab hold of.  English is very poor, so don't expect a conversation, and to be honest, I'm not even 100% sure Kiki is what she said her name was.  She is VERY softly spoken, so I had to ask 2 times what her name was and only just caught what sounded like very much like Kiki.  Another thing I thought was a bit weird, but others may be able to clear it up, when I asked her where she was from she said China like "Chee-na".

Anyway, the actual deed was pretty much standard fair.  Both got undressed, she got me nice and hard with a bit of teasing nipple play and CBJ.  In a nice change, she didn't seem to mind having her tits played with.  Then she was squatting on my cock for Asian cowgirl.  At this point I thought I'd found another Korean friend of Jenny and Coco/Cindy, because this girl also has great pussy muscle control :-).  Not up there with the vice grip of Jenny, but great nonetheless.  After a bit of that, she got up and got into position for a bit of standing doggy, then onto the bed fully for standard doggy, then some mish.  We finished in a way I'd never done before, Kiki pulled her legs together one by one, and I fucked her in a closed leg missionary position.  Felt good, and I think it did it for her as well.  I blew my load, had a bit of time to finish up then withdrew.  Funny thing, with communication being a bit hard, I looked down at Kiki and she was breathing hard with a big smile on her face when she looked up at me and gave me 2 thumbs up. Seriously, up came the thumbs with a couple of nods of the head.

So that was pretty much that.  I had a quick shower and was on my way.  As with any of these Locanto ads, I reckon it would be a fluke to see the same girl twice so your mileage may vary.  I'm still looking for another private advertiser in the area like Jenny (where it's the girl in the photos and she hangs around for a while), but haven't been successful yet.


