Thread Title: Kinkeelc (Lactating BBW) - Southport - 0487 192 708
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2016, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: simonzx6
Post Title: 
 Kinkeelc (Lactating BBW) - Southport - 0487 192 708
				
Post Content: 
Re edited to required template

Person's Name:Kinkeelc

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:25/10/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0487192708 / Southport / http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...ard-38-38.html

Hours of Business: Call/txt Kinkeelc

Rates:$100 1/2 hour

Age:Mature late 30s early 40s

Size/shape:BBW floppy DDs

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Cheap/unrushed would recommend but only if your punting standards of attractiveness are lowish

My experience/comments:
When I arrived at the address and the door opened up I realized that wold not be engaging in the full service. If it wasn't for the fact she was lactating which I have always been curious about I would have just turned around and walked away when the door opened. We sat down on her couch and exchanged pleasantrys. She took off her top and before me were too large saggy floppy soft DDs with a small tattoo on each one.  I played with her tits for 25 minuets squeezing out a small amount of milk with the occasional spray. She didn't seem to mind and encouraged me to be firm when playing/a little rough as she didn't seem to have a lot of feeling going on in them. I would be guessing that she probably has a lot more milk going on now that she has probably had her baby. I asked if I could see the baby bump, perhaps it was because of the angel she was sitting/being a larger girl I could not exacly see a well defined baby bump given that at the time she was supposed to be 8+ months along. That was all I was willing to do, as far as my standards go you could not have paid me to engage in the full service with her.
The price from memory was $100 for 1/2 an hour

As per the description in the advert she is a tall BBW and I would be guessing that her age would be late 30s early 40s
As far as looks went she was very ordinary, in fact if she was 10 to 15 years younger I don't think that even during a big night out drinking I would make a pass at her if I saw her at a bar.
She was nice enough to talk to, but personally far below my punting standards. If it wasn't for the fact she was lactating which I have always been curious about I would have just turned around and walked away when the door opened.


I thanked her for her time and the milk and left.

Nice enough lady to talk to and I wish her well in the future, just personally not my cup of tea

Simon


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2016, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Still wonder if you had full service, BJ or HJ simon. From the long dialogue of the encounter all I can see is that you had 25 mins milking, especially given your statement; "That was all I was willing to do, as far as my standards go you could not have paid me to engage in the full service with her." 
Was that really it?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th December 2016, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: simonzx6
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats it, I quite literally played and milked her tits for 25 mins. If it was not for my lactation kink I would have walked away when the door opened.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 03:54 AM
Poster ID: pussywrangler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep can confirm, comes across as a nice 'lady' but is certainly aimed at a 'niche' market...


