Thread Title: Kirra Harlyn - Private - 0422 674 967
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 12:28 PM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: 
 Kirra Harlyn - Private - 0422 674 967
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kirra Harlyn

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : Oct 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0422 674 967 or https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/kirra-harlyn 

Hours of Business : M-F 9.30am to 11.30pm  

Rates : 350 for 1 hour fs

Age : 20's

Size/shape : slim / amazing smile that lights up her face / petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Hi Punters,

This was one of the best punts I've had. Kirra was a lady of class, elegance and intellect. Certainly not something I would have expected from someone as youthful as her.

She operates from the infamous apartment in Kangaroo Point. Though infamous, it does make parking a breeze.

Everything was very smooth, from the first contact, via the details of her service to the actual service. I was on time and so was she (a refreshing change). Don't you just hate it when the WL says that they will be 5mim and it turns into more like 30min and you are just tempted to walk but you are horney as hell and think 'What the hell, I've already wasted for 15min, what is another 5 more minute?' You will not have that issue with Kirra.

The finance settled, we proceed to the bedroom where I got to unwrap my 'present' and she was an absolute doll. She is a fair skin lady but minus the freckles. Her tits are just the right size, firm and perky and all natural. She has gained a few kilos but still very pretty.

In our conversation it was made clear that she does not do kissing (DFK) which is usually a deal breaker for me as I find kissing a critical element of a GFE. However, putting the stresses of work aside, I proceed to explore her magnificent smooth body. Whilst kissing was a no-no, the service is in fact sensual. Thinking back of sucking on those beautiful responsive breasts is making me horney again (and already made another booking).
Now onto the main event, straight into it. She is as much of an anal lover as I. It took a little while to get in sync. Once in sync, I just let the rhythm take over and enjoyed the ride. It was an incredible blur. I think she was really into it as she got a toy out and starting to pleasure herself. And it only got better from there. With every thrust, I could feel the vibrator against my balls which was a new experience.
Doggie was just heaven. That peachy ass of hers was a delight to grab on to. I simply grab onto it with my dear life and kept going.
After the deed was done both her and I fell into a heap of exhaustion but delight. She told me she came multiple times and has jelly legs.
WIR? No doubt, 100%. Already have.
Cheers
CG


