Thread Title: Kitt - Beenleigh - 0421 698 173
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2019, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: ballbag
Post Title: 
 Kitt - Beenleigh - 0421 698 173
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitt

Establishment : Private - Beenleigh

Date of Visit : April/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.locanto.com.au/by/kittenMeow55/e68404/

Phone : 0421 698 173

Hours of Business : daily

Rates : $300/hr

Age : ~25

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : full

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

Had been watching her add's come and go for a while and was always interested but could never find the time... So one April morning I've got 4-5 hour window open and decide to send her a message. Good news - shes available now. I have a shower and head over. Greeted at the door wearing only a T-shirt. nice. Head inside and go upstairs. House is a little messy but who gives a shit - mine is messy to. I lay on my back and she gets right over the top of me and unbuttons her shirt. I've now got full access to her nice large breasts. I decide to get them in my mouth and she grinds all over my belly. She goes down on me and gives without a doubt the best blowjob I've had - ever. Within 3-4 minutes I'm ready to unload in her mouth but she doesn't do CIM unfortunately. I tell her to ease up a bit and I get the giggle from her and she slows down. I ask her for a rubber and she has that on in 2 seconds flat. I sit up with my back on the headboard of the bed and get her legs around me and go balls deep as far as i can in her. She starts moaning and grinding my cock deep and slow. This carries on for a bit and since I've taken the 1hr option I've got time for 2 shots. After 5-6 minutes of balls deep riding with her nice tits in my face I roll her over and knee on one leg and get the other over the other side of her body and get my cock to her face. "Go for it" I said and she sucked and pulled on me like a champion. Once I finished I layed down with her under my arm and she played with my upper body for a bit. Had a pleasant conversation and once ready, I pounced on her. I got her to blow me again till I was ready and then just after she threw the dom on, I pushed her onto her back with her head hanging off the end of her bed and I absolutely fucked the shit out of her as hard and as fast as I could. She made quite a few noises that I am certain her neighbours would've been able to hear. I then collapsed as I pumped inside of her (dom on) and she gave me a hug.

Had a shower and left feeling rather exhausted...

tl;dr

would return


