Thread Title: Kitty - Spring Hill Brisbane - 0478 148 659
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2019, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Kitty - Spring Hill Brisbane - 0478 148 659
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 2019

Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../Bodyrubegirl/

Phone :0478 148 659

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $200/hour 

Age : Advertisement says 25,  more like late 20s or early 30s I reckon

Size/shape : Size 6, natural firm D cup, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean Chinese with good English

Services Provided : GFE FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Found Kitty on Escorts and Babes web site, SMS her and after some delay got a response so set up a time to visit her in her apartment in Spring Hill just outside the CBD.

The apartment block where she was staying was easy to find and on arrival Kitty SMS'd me her room number. Into the lift and knock on the nominated room door. The door opens with Kitty half hidden behind the door. Kitty closed the door behind me and there she was in red string bra and knickers that covered very little .  Kitty immediately went into GFE mode with lots of hugs, kisses and "darling I have missed you" - yeah right .  After a bit Kitty peeled herself off me and we sorted out the financials. Kitty then removed her string underwear in the blink of an eye and hopped on the bed. As I had many more layers of clothing to remove I was able to have a leisurely view of her tight body while disrobing. I did notice with some dismay that the bed was made and we would be frolicking on the top layer blanket. Now given this place was anything but a top end rental apartment, I am guessing the blanket would only be changed weekly so I assume all her punters from the preceding days had frolicked with Kitty on the same blanket 

Clothes off I climbed onto the bed along side Kitty who immediately found her GFE switch again and away we went continuing from where we left off - lots of kissing, cuddles and fondling.  From the feel of it I suspected she had applied lube before my arrival so I avoided DATY - I hate the taste of lube .   Anyway, it wasn't long before Kitty started to give me some detailed and comprehensive oral attention.  She was very good at this with lots of attention to perineum, sack and shaft before going anywhere near the head.  I noticed Kitty had piled up a few tissues nearby and sure enough, she gave little Ant's head a wipe and made for BBBJ, while I was tempted to go BBBJ/CIM at this point but I stopped her and suggested condom would be a good idea.  Kitty is highly skilled in giving a BJ. Excellent tongue action and perfect suction and quite a bit of DT action as well.  We then moved to enthusiastic cowgirl and finished off in missionary. We had some time left and Kitty cuddled up and we had a chat until it was time for me to get dressed and leave, no mention of shower.

Summary:
Good location however apartment building is a little run downOutstanding CBJGood sexNot so sure about the cleanliness of the bed coveringWIR? The bed cleanliness is a bit of a deal breaker for me so probably not as I liked Kitty and otherwise would return.


