Thread Title: Kitty - Gold Coast - 0415 723 628
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th August 2013, 12:32 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Kitty - Gold Coast - 0415 723 628
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty

 Establishment : Private

 Date of Visit : 23/08/13

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ad on escortsandbabes but taken done the day after seeing me. ph: 0415 723 628

 Hours of Business : early till late

 Rates : incall rates 120 for 30min outcall rates 180 for 30 min 250 for hour

 Age : Mid to late 20's maybe early 30s hard to tell

 Size/shape : size 8 not fat but chubby and not toned

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian said Korean

 Services Provided : FS CBJ

 Value for money/recommend? : no

 My experience/comments:

I was spending some time in the gold coast and was really looking forward to seeing a beautiful girl. I had done lots of searching and had a 5 - 10 girls that I had in mind, each one that I would of been more than happy with. I probably should of booked earlier but I started making a few calls at 5.30pm and it was Friday. I wasn't surprised that none of the girls I had pre selected weren't answering as they were probably busy. I left a few nice msges hoping to get a return phone call.

The time ticked on with me making a few phone calls here and there not overdoing it and I was surprised that none of them had got back to me. I had fair bit of cash and was hoping for something better than the cheaper options with someone that may offer extras like greek etc. As the time got later I thought I really need something and started to look outside my pre selected list.

At this stage I had not heard one voice on the other end of the line except a answering machine(number not on private) and was thinking certainly someone in this town can answer a phone or send a msg back. After trying a dozen people and having still spoke to no one. I began to lose hope and decided to go with something I choose not to preference, a Asian girl.

I find kitty, on escortsandbabes, Korean (ad said 23) and gave her a call. She answered and I book a outcall for a hour to my room. She said she would be 30 mins but ended up being 50mins. She arrives and doesn't look much like her photos and to me looks much older than 23. But she is here so into my room I take her and off her clothes come. She looks alright average body, below average face, abit of chub but a nice perky pair of boobs. I say can i change to 30 minutes booking because i was not happy with what i got. (I did not tell her i wasn't happy.) she said sure, 180.

she starts off with some rubbing and pretends to kiss me but when i go in for a kiss get closed lips and I sense the (off) feeling like she thinks im covered in diseases when really i am extremely healthy and hygienic. She puts on the condom and begins sucking and actually is very good at it. I ask her to play with my ass a little and she agrees for 20 dollars. after a small amount of that she jumps on top cowgirl and rides me. Her pussy was so tight it was amazing. I blew super quick, about 5 minutes and game over.

Overall after 50 minutes waiting for someone who had fake photos and lied about there age on there ad. and for 200 dollars for exactly 12 minutes of her in my room it was not worth my time, money or effort. She got dressed as soon as i came and i wasn't going to have a awkward conversation with a girl that can barley speak English so i allowed her to get her things and leave. Unless she was going to suck me off again and i got the feeling even though i paid for 30 mins that she would say it cost more to cum twice, i was happy to see her go.

She was late, sucked well and had a good tight pussy but fake photos. Looked much older than 23 but maybe was. I always find Asian girls overly hygienic and hard to communicate with. She wasn't very pretty either and i always expect a super sexy Asian model but am always let down. i would of paid double that amount (400) for 30 minutes with a decent looking girl that could speak english, i was super upset and disappointed with my punt after being so excited. And literally 30 mins after kitty had left 3 of my selected list call me back. at this time its about 1am and i was to pissed off to see anyone else and had a early start the next day even though it could of probably cheered me up.


