Thread Title: Kiwi Rebecca - Spring Hill  - 045 0408 793
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2017, 06:44 AM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: 
 Kiwi Rebecca - Spring Hill  - 045 0408 793
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kiwi Rebecca

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:20/7/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://kiwirebeccaweb.com/important-info/

Phone 0450408793 

Hours of Business: Text to confirm

Rates:$350/hr

Age:Young

Size/shape: Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity: NZ

Services Provided: Full Service and RnT

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome value for money unrushed

My experience/comments:

Ms Rebecca is quickly becoming one of my favorite WL. Not only is she very pretty, she is also a genuine girl, which is very hard to find. She is the type of girl that will turn every head in the room that she enters but does not know it herself. 

She offers an RnT service but I'm not there for the massage. Much prefer to have her hot body in my arms.

She offers a genuine GFE which is exactly what I like. Our sessions always start like good friends who haven't seen each other for a long time. A gentle hug quickly turns into a passionate DFK (YMMV). Slowly I would unwrap my present and by that time I am usually rock hard and can't wait skip to the main event.

Rebecca is accommodating to the various positions I wanted to try and everything was very much in sync.

WIR? Of course, and have done so now for too many times to count. She is an absolute gem so treat her well.

Cheers
CG


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th August 2018, 11:45 AM
Poster ID: singlebound
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kiwi Rebecca

Establishment: Motel

Date of Visit: 02/08/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0450408793

Hours of Business: Usually Mon-Fri 10 to 6pm but text to confirm as some weeks she only works a couple days.

Rates: $200 half hr

Age: Mid 20's...the older i get the worse I get at guessing the age.

Size/shape: Curvy and Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity: NZ

Services Provided: Full Service and RnT

Value for money/recommend?: Great value and highly recommended

My experience/comments:

It's been a while since I've had the freedom to punt and write reviews but given the fall of certain advertising websites recently I figure it's a good time to give a local gem a plug.  I've seen Rebecca a few times now and she's fast become my number one go to.  She's attractive, friendly and completely down to earth which makes her easy to chat with.  I won't go into too much session details but it's safe to say that she's ticked all my boxes so far and loves to please.  Just writing this has me dreaming of being buried between those tits and legs again.

The only draw back for some might be that she only does 45min bookings max.  So if you're looking for a 1 hour session you're out of luck which is a shame because I would love to spend a couple hours with her one day.

Also her twitter is worth checking out for some visual motivation...


