Thread Title: Kourtney Locanto Contact Only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th May 2018, 03:53 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Kourtney Locanto Contact Only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kourtney

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : past month 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://herveybay.locanto.com.au/ID_...-Blow-Job.html

Hours of Business : enquire

Rates : from $100

Age : 20

Size/shape : 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No See Review

My experience/comments:

I thought I would post this review, seen her 3 times and to be honest , I don't know why I went back 2 more times, first 2 where blowjobs (read add) cost at the time $60 special done the job, this time I thought sex sure, she has lost some weight over the past few months & actually looks OK, nothing flash but great this , nice pussy. So when I enquired was given a flat rate $200 for sex (see add for services) & I passed, anyways about 2 hours later she text saying are you still interested, I just said for them prices not really, she said well $130 til you cum but won't rush, she had 2 punters not show so imagine was desperate..

Figured why not, arrived as only a short drive, up the stairs to her small unit that was a disgrace lol. It was disgusting, so into the bedroom (1 bed unit) previous 2 visits for blowjobs where done on the lounge, at that time she had a partner who never knew she was doing it, but things must of ended bad as her place then was OK. Anyways she strips off to a OK body, fits the def highlight. Pay her the fee, strip and join for some kissing & fingering, then she moves to a good bloejob, far better then the previous 2 time, a lot long about 10 min worth, then asked sex or anything I wanna do, said sure eat you out? She said yes please not many do it these days,so another 10 min spend on a nice pussy, she cum once. 

Onto the sex, she does fuck fairly good, puts the effort in & even once I cum she still goes hard for a Lil while, not many do. All in all it was OK for $130. Never would I pau $200 when generally her time limit is $200 for 15min..
She only does bloejob for 15 min in that service otherwise she charges more. Would I reccomend ? Hard to say, first 2 times men, very boring head, like a jack hammer , goes full pelt, this time was decent. So maybe but her attitude is rather off putting as well. Some girls know how to talk to clients , others are just fucked at it. She is fucked ast it.

Other issue you may encounter is how long it can take to reply. ,as she only does it when she is really needs the cash, she dont work, and at times it may take a day or a week to get a reply, or she will message with a window of between 8pm & 10pm only because, I dont know its a blue moon.. She use to give out her number but stopped she she got a partner who obviously had no idea.

P4P


