Thread Title: Kylie - Redcliffe - 0424 965 934
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2016, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Kylie - Redcliffe - 0424 965 934
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kylie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertised in Courier mail - blonde beach babe

Hours of Business : Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday - prefers morning bookings I think

Rates : $220 / Hour from memory Anal Extra.

Age : Late 30's possibly early 40's

Size/shape : Spunky little petite beach babe with sun kissed skin and perky B cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE/PSE and Anal Extra

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely YES

My experience/comments : 

I pre-arranged my booking with Kylie the evening prior and enjoyed an amazing morning session with her - a time slot which she prefers. Everything was easy to arrange over the phone. On arrival at her apartment I knocked and heard her ask me to come in. I opened the door and saw a small tight stature at the end of a long hall way in pink lingerie and big stilettos. I approached her down the hall where we bumped into each other in a clumsy but passionate embrace. We passionately kissed for what seemed like eternity - fingers and hands exploring each other rapidly and enjoying each other. Wow this was a great start.

We moved to the kitchen where I got business out of the way and was ushered to the couch where she had laid down a towel anticipating that this is where the action would start. She got on her knees, pulled the waist band of my jocks and my cock sprang out in front of her. She feasted on my cock hungrily and gave out satisfying moans. It was then I looked up and noticed the old porn videos playing on the screen behind her. 

The experience was sensational. On the couch on all 4's I entered her after licking her crack and snatch til I was satisfied it was ready. Her tanned toned ass was a marvel to look at whilst the blood rushed to both my heads as I got closer to climaxing. We moved to the bed where she leapt on top of me and rode me like she was breaking me in - bucking relentlessly and cumming on my cock. This was truly awesome!

She spun around for some reverse cowgirl and guided my cock into her ass - rode me in front of the mirror a while....... She rode my rigid pole and squealed in girlie delight as her sphincter milked every drop from me. We kissed, we cuddled, she cleaned up and removed the bag from my semi hard cock giving it a peck on conclusion of the service.

What a star. This girl is an absolute gem.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th December 2019, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone know if Kylie is still around ? 


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


