Thread Title: Kylie, Outcall Kelvin Lodge, QLD 0401 314 026
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2016, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Kylie, Outcall Kelvin Lodge, QLD 0401 314 026
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kylie

Establishment : Outcall

Date of Visit : 23/11/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 314 026

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $800 overnight

Age : 30

Size/shape : 14 / cuddly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Contacted this girl with a enquiry, she offers cooked dinners, housework etc in the service all for $800 so organised a sex session, as i said to her i dont need anything else, she was more then happy to come for the night with sex as much as i wanted, no anal or cum in mouth was offered everything else was fine. So she rocks up at 4:30pm a bit earlier then expected, she is cute, cute face but bordering on the BBW but still a ok figure if you as me, if its BBW you want, this girl will rock your world, not fat not slim but for me great shape. 

So we have a coffee, chat, as I said to her no need to rush, we have all night and the morning, she explains she can fuck & suck all night if need be, after all as she said, you pay me to fuck & suck not to sit and listen to my problems. After a good 45 min sitting on the lounge watching Bourne, we start kissing & playing about, before she gives a really good BBBJ, its excellent, last a good 45 min & at no time did she ever think about giving up til I blew my load, all over her cute face, she cleans up & says see I can suck cock as long as you want. it was around 6pm when the 1st round finished, at around 7pm I was horny again so onto a full fuck session, including alot of head, eating pussy, she has a nice clean tight pussy, before missionary where i blew hard into the covers. 

It was 8:30pm when that round was finished, I ordered a light meal, we had something to eat, then around 9:30pm another 1st class bbbj, she loves sucking cock, she is not scared to tease you either, before flipping into a 69er for the last 10 min where I am sure we cummed together. Around 11:30pm another fuck for a hour, and sleep. I woke to find her sucking my cock, as i explained before anything happened I would love to wake to a blowjob, so good on her for remembering. I blew hard again before a shower....Then one more good 90 min fuck session, including face sitting, 69er, face fucking, fucking in many positions, titty fucking, eating ass the works. She showered gave me a kiss & said next time I will come for $400 for the night....If i wanted her....thinking for Christmas Im in Brisbane & she is available on the date I want so its penned.

Some of the many highlights where: Face fucking, she laying on the bed, her head hanging over the side while I drilled her mouth with my cock, she loved it.
Her on all 4's & me eating her ass & pussy man she got wet.
Her take as long as you want to cum blowjobs, they are top shelf, girls who alternate, spit, play, tease, remember you has balls & a ass to play with as well to me are the real artsist of the cock sucking brigade, they actually love sucking cock, you just know the ones. 

Overall: I good price for a real over night booking, she explained she only needs a few hours sleep, but if ever the client woke at what ever time & wanted to fuck her she is more then happy to be fucked no issues at all at any stage, she left around 10am so really a good value punt, attractive girl with a ok body for BBW (i use that loose as I dont think she is, more chubby) who knows how to please, will please all night if thats what you want, and does actually have a very high sex drive, at some points she wanted more while I recovered, laying back playing with her self til i was ready.

Rating 5/5

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th November 2016, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where does she advertise?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th November 2016, 06:06 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto i am pretty sure will try and find the link.


