Thread Title: Lacey - Southport - 0410 490 889
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th May 2011, 10:25 AM
Poster ID: maxwarp
Post Title: 
 Lacey - Southport - 0410 490 889
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Lacey

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: 02/05/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:0410490889

Hours of Business: 7am - 8pm

Rates: 150 - half, 250 hr

Age:Mid 20's

Size/shape: sz 8 - 10 Nice Figure

Nationality or Ethnicity:Australian

Services Provided: FS

Value for money/recommend?: Good Value

Lacey has a great body and 'OK' face.  She works from a nice apartment in Southport.  She is friendly and accommodating and certainly not a clock watcher, however I didn't click with her that well.  She does more than most to ensure you're enjoying yourself and has a great body. 

Might go back one day but realistically I'd probably keep try someone new.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th May 2011, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: maxwarp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lacey is fairly tall, slim (maybe sz 8 -10), longish brunette hair.  About a 'B' Cup and shaved.  Overall she has a good body without being fantastic.

Lacey was easy to contact and set up the appointment with and was happy to talk or text, whatever suited me at the time.

She gives quite good CBJ which strangely made me cum (never happened before).  She was happy to wait a while and go again which is better than a lot of girls with the 'one shot' rule.  She was eager and willing to try any position I suggested.

Some reviews I've read of her say she offers a very 'brothel' type experience.  I found her to be a little more into it than perhaps others did.

There is another lacey in the Gold Coast who is blonde with big tits so don't get them confused.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st August 2011, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: cspan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lacey

Establishment : Private Apartment

Rates : 180 half hr / 280 hr

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Gaunt, not a healthy figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No, not at all.

My experience/comments :

In a word, terrible. I had read mixed reviews about Lacey, some saying she is shy but eases into it quite well and others saying she's a total star fish. I would say the latter is true.
She has a sister named Chloe who also works on the Gold Coast (and I've seen a few times in the past) and I think down in Canberra or Sydney too. Chloe once mentioned having two sisters and one being "not quite right"... I would say this was the one.
I rang for a booking, she sounded flat but pleasant on the phone. A bit tired but nothing set off any warning bells. She said she was free anytime so we arranged an hour.

Arrived and buzzed up. She looked pale, gaunt and her dark hair while long and having potential was a mess. She had far too much eye shadow and eye liner and it wasn't apply properly... too much on one eye like she hadn't used a mirror. The apartment was dark, there were no personal possessions anywhere, except for a strange number of deodorant bottles on the bathroom countertop. It didn't look lived in.
She wore a revealing bra and g-string set, matching but by no means anything fancier than what you'd pick up in Big-W. In fact they looked really cheap so that didn't help her either.

Basically, star fish service. Tried to go for DATY but that's when I got a nasty surprise, things didn't smell fresh. Nothing visibly off but I decided not to do it, it was a bit rank.

So, $280 blown and an hour wasted. Her pics on Cracker looked nice and I was horny so went through with it. In hindsight, should have just left.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd August 2011, 12:44 AM
Poster ID: matey2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I feel sick just reading your review cspan. Well taken for the team


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th May 2013, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: jaejae
Post Title: 
 Lacey gold coast southport - anyone visit her yet?
				
Post Content: 
ad off escort and babes: lacey Gold Coast Southport Escort and Adult Services

anyone visit her yet? Pics look good


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th May 2013, 08:04 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have a feeling there is some reviews of her in here somewhere, but there seemed to be some discrepancy about there being two different girls on the coast with that name. I've thought the pics and price look ok too... how about you go check her out for us and put the debate to rest, haha!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th May 2013, 07:21 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You query has been merged with the existing thread for this lady.

Cheers,

BAB






 Originally Posted by jaejae


ad off escort and babes: lacey Gold Coast Southport Escort and Adult Services

anyone visit her yet? Pics look good


