Thread Title: Lady Pamela - Mackay - 0450 072 292
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th October 2010, 12:42 AM
Poster ID: plon_key
Post Title: 
 Lady Pamela - Mackay - 0450 072 292
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Lady Pamela

Contact Details/Address: Mackay

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $250/hr plus

Age:mid 20's

Size/shape:12 to 14

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services:full

Value for money/recommend?: I didnt get value for money

My experience/comments:Visited Pamela in an upmarket Hotel.
She was dressed beautifully. I had booked for an hour. First thing she asks is do I know how the prices work?  I mentioned that she had explained this on the phone. She ran through the prices again but then advised that the $250/hr was for the basic service and did not include the additional things that were on her website (even though these are not listed as additional things)  Ok fair enough,I only had $250 on me so that was that.

I was directed to the shower  and when finishe shown the bed.

First off was the massage which wasnt bad but went on for far too long, I tried a couple of times to initiate some other activity but she said she wasnt finished..?? The massage lasted 30 minutes which included a couple of text messages to other customers I imagine. and a couple of visits to the bathroom..

So I am instructed to roll over and she puts the condom on with her mouth which is cool and then does a good job with a blow job. after a bout 5 minutes she tells me to get on top, I have a crook back which doesnt lend itself to that position so I suggest doggy . I got the feeling that it was an effort to do this. We screwed this way for 5 mins or so when she moved and stated to wank me. 

I thought this is good, a little handjob and then back to the doggy or something but my thoughts were vapourised by " hurry up and cum, you only have 10 mins left"

Ill say that overall she was well presented and appeared clean although she had a lot of tattoos on her back and side which are not visible or disclosed on her webpage( I am not a tattoo person) she gave a good BJ , good massage  , she showed signs of sensuality but couldnt seem to keep that up for any length of time to enhanse the experience ie " Dont my tits feel good against your back" which they did, but that was followed by" is it always this windy up here, I am from Melbourne"  sort of kills the mood.

I wont be back to see her, not good value for money IMO.


