Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2014, 01:38 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Lala / Killy/ Dodo, Oriental Lady, new to town,classy pretty dream body - Southport - 0420 527 566
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LaLa : Killy : Dodo:


Establishment : Private Central tower Southport



Date of Visit : 4-11-14



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Several Latest : 0420527566



Hours of Business : 24/7



Rates : Start at $100 for 30 min.



Age : Claims 23 but my guess 33.



Size/shape : Size 5 ,lean body, boobs not a feature; lovely face very presentable.



Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese/ Thai



Services Provided : FS cbj no daty not comforta



Value for money/recommend? : 6/10 exceptionally particular about cleanliness.



My experience/comments : Several ads for this lady, claims to be new to industry from office job in Sydney, and I believe she is new. Called various ads a told to hang up a receive a couple of txt message with pic and details of service etc including room no at apartment and each no I called over a period of days received exactly some info word for word. English is very good but I believe she is new at industry. Very presentable lady and someone you would be pleased to be seen with, nice face small body well dressed. Ad states roll plat etc but not interested so rocked up to her tower 1 apartment and she was waiting with the door open for me and standing there to welcome me, a change from behind the door,  and I was prepared to walk if didn't meet description in ad but hey she looked lovely and welcoming. So gave her a hug paid $100 showered and she was waiting when I returned. Ordered me onto bed and she started by kneeling on bed beside me and playing with the old fella , talking and teasing so good start and was real nice but this was the first site of her body. Well the boobs were so small she apologised and I can remember one of her ads stated 36 DD but not even close. However pleasant lady and keen at this stage and soon had dom on for bj which was real good. Talking as we go which I like and in no time she say you fuck me now. Now this is usually too soon for me but well the boobs l could swallow both in one mouthful so progressed straight to mission on edge of bed with pillow under her. Had changed dom from bj and she was very tight and i am not big but was only half in for some time and realised this was as far as I was going to get with her. She kept squirming away when put on the pressure and was moaning not in the enjoyable way as if to be in a little discomfort so tried her on top so she could have a little control but na, still only half way so reverted to mission and attempted to give her more depth but started to feel she was not faking so finished off in this manner. Fussy clean up and head massage to complete time. Massage was ordinary and a sort of a naïve type of experience and that is why I think perhaps she is new. Nice young lady and not the sort I would want to pound to get my moneys worth as she is not the slutty type ...too nice. Still I guess at $100 ok and I could see her with some coaching and experience command a far higher price but I would be interested to her other opinions. At that price I will probably return some time in future.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th November 2014, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The news classifieds ad,





			
				AT SOUTHPORT Surfers Paradise, QLD

Description: New to town, oriental lady, classy, pretty, 23 yo, dream body, sz5, no rush, toys, fun, in/outcalls 0420 527 566

Date Listed: 08/11/14
Ad ID: 1047851V2
Also posted in: Gold Coast Bulletin
Views: 11
- See more at: AT SOUTHPORT - Adult Services - Personals - NewsClassifieds


