Thread Title: Lara - Portside - One Aussie to Avoid- 0473 161 191
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2018, 07:51 PM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: 
 Lara - Portside - One Aussie to Avoid- 0473 161 191
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lara

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : 04/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
0473 161 191 - Portside Brisbane 
https://www.escortwiz.com/phone/0473161191

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $200 ph

Age : 30+

Size/shape : Full figure size 14+

Nationality or Ethnicity : Oz

Services Provided : Starfish

Value for money/recommend? : NO/NO

My experience/comments : 

Hi Punters,

A booking with one of my regulars fell through at the last minute. It was actually a session I was looking forward to but I guess it'll have to wait till next time. 


Thus it placed me in an predicament, namely horny and not sure where to go. So I sent out a number of text to my other regulars to see if anything was available. Unfortunately none one replied. Except Lara whom I have actually never seen before. A booking was thus secured. 


She works out of a rather new service apartment/hotel in the Portside area. Rather than hid behind the door like all the WLs I've accustom to she was standing in FRONT of the door in a loose fitted summer dress. Face wasn't too bad so I went in and took care of the financials. 


It was only went she took off her dress that my heart sank. She has a rather large belly which I even thought to myself whether she was pregnant or not (no she was not pregnant. All I can say is she takes very excellent selfies. 


Her ad stipulates GFE experience. It could not be further from reality. She was not engaging at all. Never did she initiate anything nor reciprocate my advances. I must be clear, I was on my best behavior (as always): courteous and polite. She did not reject or rebuff my moves by any means but rather was just too lazy to do anything. 


This was THROUGHOUT the entire session. 


To her credit though she does like a pounding and she does achieve the big O rather frequently. 


She does have largish enhanced breasts but maybe it was done sometime ago when technology was not so advanced, It was very obvious of the enhancement and that there was a noticeable detachment from the rest of her breast tissues. It's a bit hard to explain.  

In the end it got the job done and literally nothing more. After the session I just left and she did not even get off the bed to see me off. Instead she's playing with her phone. I guess I should be glad and grateful that she was not doing so during the session.


WIR - NO.


Thanks for reading


