Thread Title: Larissa - Pimpana - 0416 266 942
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2018, 11:31 AM
Poster ID: Tompom
Post Title: 
 Larissa - Pimpana - 0416 266 942
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Larissa

Establishment : Private operator

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Found her on Escorts & Babes Gold Coast
Hours of Business : 

Rates : $200 for half an hour

Age : Mid 30s

Size/shape : lithe body in very good shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Great blow job and sex but no kissing

Value for money/recommend? : yes, good VFM as long as you don't mind the no kissing. 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.) Larissa lives just north of the Gold Coast in Pimpama (not sure if it's renowned for pimping . I visited her in her suburbia house. She's good looking and very easy to chat with. On arrival I was shown to a small room with a massage table. She asked me to sit in an arm chair and pretty well immediately dropped to her knees to provide a great blow job. It was disappointing that there was nothing bigger than the massage table when it came time for sex. It was also disappointing that she was not willing to provide any kissing. Although I thought her service was good, I won't be going back due to her no kissing rule.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2018, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: motties
Post Title: 
 Larrisa - Ormeau Hills, Brisbane QLD - 0416 266 942
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Larrisa

Establishment : Independent escort

Date of Visit : 5/07/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/larrisa/

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $300/h

Age : 30

Size/shape : Petite/Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian Caucasian

Services Provided : Costumes, Foot fetish, Light bondage, Sexy lingerie, Strip tease ,Full Service, Intimidation on You, Relief.
 
Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely not, will not be going back.

My experience/comments : Before I made the booking with Larrisa, I made sure to text her everything that I was wanting along with her consent. With all that out of the way I drove about 50mins to get to her place as I live in Brisbane. Once there I was greeted nicely and welcomed to have a shower. Once that was all done I laid on her massage table to receive a quick massage. She literally just punched around my body and cracked my back once and told me that the massage portion was over. So I went on the bed and she started lap dancing on me. We had previously agreed that there would be unlimited orgasms and kissing included noone of which was done at all. After about 20mins of sex I came and she got off me then told me to go have a shower, so I did and came back expecting more as the total time had been 1hr but I only received 30mins in total. I was rushed out the door and told to come back next time. She is a total waste of time and only really cares about money and not what the client wants. I will never waste my time with escorts like her again and be very careful of who I will go see next time.


