Thread Title: Leticia May - Brisbane - 0400 316 004
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th February 2011, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: a_guy
Post Title: 
 Leticia May - Brisbane - 0400 316 004
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Leticia May

Establishment: Private

Contact Details/Address: http://www.leticiamay.com/

Hours of Business: Evening

Prices: $650/h

Age: 23

Size/shape: Thin, toned

Nationality or Ethnicity: Mediterranean

Services: FS

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments:

Posting a very belated review here, I saw Leticia sometime I think early 2009.

The leadup was very professional and she is a nice and friendly girl, booked in advance and confirmed fine in the day(s) beforehand.

On the evening, she arrived perfectly on time and as she wafted across the lobby heads did indeed turn and I hope I wasn't grinning too conspicuously.  A nice peck on the cheek hello and we proceeded upstairs.

Business taken care of we sat and chatted over a glass of wine for a bit which was quite nice before she came over and started to continue chatting and warming up...  Down with the glasses, and during the kissing the next thing you notice all your clothes are gone and this gorgeous girl is here in between your legs and you're in heaven.

Seeing and feeling this gorgeous European beauty and just watching her tight curves moving is a sight to behold, especially when they're moving up your body to climb on top of you to expertly position your manhood where she knows it feels best.

A moment I still have burned into my retinas though is with this gorgeous nymph lying on her chest with her firm pert bottom raised high in the air, off the bed just waiting, watching me come over.  If you've seen her photos, let's just say they don't lie and I am a bit of a leg man.

I have to say of all the girls I have seen, I think Leticia takes the crown for the GFE indeed.  Other girls may be more out there but treat her nice and she will reward you handsomely.

Gorgeous body, lovely girl with a lovely attitude and amply skilled.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th February 2011, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
nice review of an unknown lady and by the looks of it a gem..

well done AG.. 

ab


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th August 2011, 07:47 PM
Poster ID: sixfiveman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Leticia hot hot hot. Have been back a few times and wow what a banging body. One of Brisbanes best!!


