Thread Title: Lexi - SOuthport - 0402 493 588
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th February 2017, 01:21 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Lexi - SOuthport - 0402 493 588
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi

Establishment : Private in Southport Central

Date of Visit : 02/02/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Many ads in the usual place eg http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-6-C-boob.html

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : See ads. Many options. Mine was $100 for 15min this time.

Age : 28

Size/shape : Petite, slim. Pics are her and are recent.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :

I saw Lexi's ad, and it had all the hallmarks of Coco(Cindy) and Jenny, so I had to go check it out ASAP.  I recalled the name Lexi was mentioned positively in the Jenny thread as well.  Called at about 8:30am and made an appointment for 11:30am.  Easy booking and good comms and when I arrived at the apartment block I was given room details and an easy trip up the lift saw me at my destination.

Lexi is quite pretty in a girl next door kind of way. Gorgeous figure and really friendly.  Not bad English either.  I had to settle for 15min due to time constraints, but I was really wishing I had more time to get to know Lexi.  In for a quick shower together, with nice chat about this and that. Lexi gave me a good wash down there and a quick dry off before heading to the bed "face up please".  Honestly we didn't have much time to get up to too much mischief, but Lexi really tried to make the most of it.  Quick cat bath (same knee sucking as the other two girls), with some nipple sucking (on me), then down for a nice BJ.  The BJ didn't last long, and Lexi said she wish she had more time to suck longer but 15 mins isn't long enough.  It served it's purpose and by end I was hard as a rock.  Lexi didn't seem to mind me having a good feel of her ass and tits, but I didn't get any more adventurous than that.  Everything feels nice :-)

After the BJ, Lexi asked me swap positions and laid on her back with legs spread.  Lexi has a very nice little pussy. I had time to admire the sight for a bit, before going in for the kill.  Slipped in nicely and felt great.  We varied the positions slightly for the next few minutes before I had to call it a day and went for broke.  Lexi seemed to get into it, and was playing with her clit and making all the right noises and faces.  After I blew, there was no rush to get me to withdraw, which is something I always like.

A quick shower together to finish up, then Lexi helped me get dressed buttoning up my shirt, fixing up the collar etc.  A quick hug (she feels really nice to hug btw) a kiss on the cheek and I was on my way.

I had a great time and will be seeing Lexi again for a longer visit when time permits.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th February 2017, 10:14 AM
Poster ID: wally
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
All this in a 15 minute booking?  Wow .
Too rushed.
I would be looking for a longer booking next time as well if I was you.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th August 2017, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Lexi- NURU massage Southport 0402 493 588
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi

Establishment : Apartment Southport

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???real Korea girl real pics ~ I not waste your time ????Lexi~0402493588??? - Gold Coast escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not sure. saw her on a saturday around midday

Rates : 15min fs $110 30min fs $130 30min $130 (nuru + hj) $150 (nuru + fs) 45min $180 (Nuru + hj + oil massage) $200 (nuru + fs + oil massage) 60min $230 (Nuru + hj + oil massage) $250 (nuru + fs + oil massage) 

Age : add says 28 probs mid 30's

Size/shape : gorgoeus. slim, c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : 45min nuru +fs $200

Value for money/recommend? : yes /yes 

My experience/comments :
Was on my was down the coast and booked a nuru massage to start my weekend. Easy and quick to text a booking. Lexi works from a luxury apartment with street parking in Southport. On arrival she confirms service and i pay upfront. She kindly hangs my clothes and we both strip down for the pre massage shower. Hands up on the wall like I'm about to be frisked but its a lovely soft, thorough wash, with plenty of attention and i am rock hard in no time.  She uses her whole arm to get down along the butt crack and around the balls and shaft again and again. Being freshly shaved that was very sensual and quite a treat
We towel dry separately but I am a bit slow so she helps me and her head and mouth is tantilisingly? close to my penis as she drys my legs. The bed has some nice towels and she gets me to keep my hands up out of the way as she pours the warm Nuru gel all over my back. The body slides are long and relaxed, very sensual. Lexi tells me there is a mirror and yes on the edge of the bed against the wall the mirror gives a great view of her gliding along my body, her pointy nipples get right in my butt crack several times and her hand up and under stroking my penis and balls which was a sensual delight that i was wishing would never end. Somehwere in all that she is licking my calf muscles and lightly grinding that trimmed/spiky pussy along the length of my body.
On the turn, i see her splash Nuru all over her breasts and torso, she looks like she is enjoying herself and the front slides are also very sensual and relaxed. So i just surrender and let her practice her craft. We chat a little and before long she applies the condom with her mouth and gives a nice cbj with ball play before she moves up into cowgirl. Bearing down, she was quite tight as i popped into her pussy. Allowing some gentle touching of her body and breast, I'm pretty much in heaven as she rides me but then she hops off pulls the condom and allows me to splash all over her boobs.
We shower again, hands againstthe wall with the same gentle thorough wash but also allows me to face her and we laugh about our height differance. We dress together and chat before departing right on the 45minute mark. I found Lexi to be very good, very sensual, very professional, with a soft slim beautiful womanly body. There's no doubt that i will be returning. masterj


