Thread Title: Lilli - Hervey Bay - 0490 235 452
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2018, 06:50 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Lilli - Hervey Bay - 0490 235 452
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 

Establishment : motel 

Date of Visit : 20\09\2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://herveybay.locanto.com.au/ID_...ervey-Bay.html

Phone :[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]0490235452[/COLOR]

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $220 \ 1 hour

Age : mid 40s

Size/shape : busty and chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes \ Yes

My experience/comments : 
With a lack of real talent in the area and feeling like a bit of fun I decided to call up Lilli, easy to communicate with and with in 5 min booking made at her hotel, arrive on time and paid my dues, she is older but attractive with a chubby body and good big tits. We chat and have a cold drink before the games begin and she is rather open and fun to enjoy.
She mentions 2 shots in the time if I can muster the elements but advise currently a good hour of foreplay and a root is fine, she asks so she can pace the session and pace she does well. She claimed she loves sucking cock and at least half the session was devoted to this with a lot of tit fucking, and she does have great tits. We start with kissing and undressing each other before some nice mutual play before she gets down to her fav hobby and that's cock sucking. She sucks cock great and just worthnitnfor that, really skilled, wet, sloppy, face slapping, titty fucking good time. She could sense I was about to cum a couple of times so stopped and kissed before moving back to some more great blowjob action.

I motioned for some pussy eating and she was more then happy to enjoy this, a nice pussy, very responsive indeed and very wet, looked nice with how wet she was, before we flipped into a 5 min 69er and then on with the Dom for for fun riding, while I like this position its more for the slim girl if you ask me, so flipped her on to her back to fuck her hard before the blow, and blow hard before we cuddled and she played with my cock before we dressed and leave.

All in all good root, fun with a willing girl who obviously enjoys her job, a lesson for some girls to take in.

P4P


