Thread Title: Lily-Rose Southport 0434 105 982
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th January 2020, 07:37 AM
Poster ID: LAB
Post Title: 
 Lily-Rose Southport 0434 105 982
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily-Rose

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :  24th Jan 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortify.com.au/gold-coast-...to-tease-10875

Phone : 0434 105 982

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $150 half hour

Age : 40's

Size/shape : About a 12. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Usual Stuff

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Called Lily-Rose and spoke to a very pleasant, friendly woman who gave full details of what she does and doesn't do. Very professional.

She works out of the Meriton building in Southport on the Gold Coast, and upon arrival she came down to the lobby to collect me. She was dressed very un-hooker like - but very smartly - and so there was no feeling of embarrassment in what was quite a busy lobby.
She is quite attractive but not a stunning beauty and when we got to her room she asked if I would like to have a drink and we sat on the balcony for a good 10 minutes chatting about everyday stuff. I don't normally go in for that kind of thing but it was ok. My only fear was that she was going to try to use this time as part of the 30 minutes I had paid for.

Into the good stuff.....
She seems to have a set routine that she obviously enjoys so I went with it. although I reckon if you wanted to do things your way she'd be fine about it.
After showering and some kissing and cuddling I helped her undress to reveal a very hot body for a mid to late 40's woman. Very curvy, not flabby, well done bolt on tits and a fantastic ass.
I laid face down on the bed and she smothered me in coconut out and proceeded to body slide me making sure she was rubbing her clit along my legs and back. She told me she really loves this and so I helped her along by reaching round to finger her and play with her clit. I discovered that it takes next to nothing to make her cum.

After a fair bit of this I turned over and then she front bodyslided me including a mixture of DFK and sliding her pussy up and down my hard cock. I was hoping that she would just slip it in there but unfortunately not. After plenty of this and plenty of DFK she went down and have me a lengthy and very good BBBJ. She is really skilled at this and has great tongue action.

On went the condom and we proceeded to fuck. All the usual positions with her initially climbing on top so she could make herself cum. Again, it didn't take much. We went at it for quite a while with more cock sucking in between positions, and I became very mindful that I had already been there for way over my half hour so I told her that there was no way I was going to cum with a condom on and suggested a BJ finish.
She was very clear about the fact that there would be no CIM and I have the feeling that if you broke this rule the friendship would be over for ever. Not a biggie for me so I gave her plenty of notice when I was about to blow and she pulled away and drained me by hand..

A quick clean up by her followed by a shower and a further kiss and cuddle and I was on may way. I noticed that I had been there for just about an hour and mentioned this to her. "No Problem" she said " I enjoyed your company". How good is she?
I guess this means that if she thinks you're a bit of a fuckwit you'll be out of there bang on time. 

Overall, highly recommended. And I reckon if you treat her with respect and don't be a dick you'll get looked after very well.


