Thread Title: Lily Springwood QLD 0432 688 856
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th February 2017, 03:40 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Lily Springwood QLD 0432 688 856
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily Springwood QLD 0432 688 856

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : Feb 2107 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.cracker.com.au/Femal...e-sw1/36652572

Hours of Business : Cal to find out

Rates : 15 mins $100 30 mins $130 1 hour $200

Age : 23 really late 30's +

Size/shape : tiny, skinny, long hair, B cup titties, great smile

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese Malaysian mix

Services Provided : 30 min FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes yes

My experience/comments :

Booked via text at short notice with no problems. Met at a motel, room number via text on arrival. At the door - some very sexy black lingere, with the same big smile as in the add and a vibrant attitude. She came in close, and paid up front for 30 minutes. Yes she is older than the photos, still has a fine body, very skinny, and a party/ entertaining attitude, which got me thinking this will be an interesting session. In for a quick shower.

She had some Japanese music playing, lights dimmed and directed me to the bed. Lily does speak some English and started with a bit of a massage. She got some wet wipes and cleaned up my crack and butt hole (even after the shower) which had me guessing whay was to follow. After a strong rub of my shoulders and is that OK? She was making lots of pleasureable noises so i turned my head to caress her leg as she sat beside me . which encouraged her to wriggle and get naked with more smiles and she jumped on my back grinding a trim bush into my skin, a couple of dry body slides and she got me to trn over.

Now she is really skinny, plenty of ribs on show as she grabbed a dom and popped it into her mouth with some more "come on baby noises" entertainment  which i was enjoying. She slid up my body, with the dom in her mouth and let me suck her cute little boobies before going down for a cbj. She ended up stretching the condom and snapping it on! Got a decent but short suck before she mumbled some Japanese, lubed up and jumped on for some genuine Asian cowgirl which was quite a site as she bounced away. Amongst the obviously fake but so very entertaining noises, head rolls with hair going everywhere, i really enjoyed some extended missionary. She allowed some in close neck kissing. i popped out at one stage as her legs were waving around and i needed a break to reset anyway, so she spreads her pussy wide open  and entices me back in. So, back into it, moved her legs up and together, off to the side then back to some energetic mish fucking, A few minutes of recovery, still buried inside, it was up to me to make sure there was no spillage and do the removal. 

She is obviously quite a character, and i enjoyed her noises and performance, which may not be everyones liking. But that's who she is in this situation. Even as i was dressing she was having a laugh and imitating our fucking style, with arms and hair flying around much to her delight! I have no idea what she said to me , prob in Japanese, but we were both smiling as we hugged. masterj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th July 2017, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mate,

Good to hear you had a good time but mate, I think the ad is fake: http://chicago.backpage.com/WomenSee...icago/54127942 

Same ad in USA?

CG


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd August 2017, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
100% fake. That is Chailee, she's a model that I follow on instagram. An absolute stunner


