Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th May 2015, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: Granox
Post Title: 
 Lina - Oxenford/Upper Coomera - 0421 107 506
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name - Lina

Establishment - Private

Date Visited - 30/4/2015

Contact Details - 0421107506

Rates - 200 p/h full service

Size - 8 - 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Indonesian

Services Provided: Full Service or massage with HE depending which service you choose

Value for money/recommend?  Yes

My Experience: 

First thank you to Niteowl for bringing to my attention that Anna from Dominion Rd Ashmore is working privately.  I followed up on Niteowl's advice and scoped out her add in Locanto.  Seems she has two adds one for massage and one for "Other Services" and she is going by the name Lina.

http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_4...old-Coast.html

Anyway I made a booking and was anxious to see if it was the same girl.  This is a private house in Upper Coomera even though the add says Oxenford.  It is in a court so parking is safe off the main roads. 

Knocked on the door and sure enough it is Anna.  She recognised me and as soon as the door was closed gave me a big hug and thanked me for coming.  She has a room set-up with a massage table and single bed.  Apparently she rents the room.  After making the usual transactions she asks if I wanted a massage first.

  I undress and climb on the table and assume the position.  She then climbs on top of me pressing into all the nooks and crannies and I hear joints popping.  After about 5 minutes of this it's on to the massage firm and into all those had to get spots and some tackle tickle thrown in.

  I guess it was about 20 min in that the turnover was and I'm greeted with a lovely set of tits and she massages my chest and my lips just sort of latched on hehehe.

The talk was pleasant and we reminisced about old times.  Well now was finally my chance to enjoy all of Anna/Lina which I had not done before.  So after some BBBJ it was on with the dom.  At first she climbed on top for a little cowgirl while we DFK and I enjoyed her tits.

  Whether she was faking it or not she certainly seemed to be enjoying herself.  Decided to have a little stand up doggie so got her to lean over the massage table and in I want hands on those great tits and banged away.  I didn't want to cum just yet so when I felt it build I opted to change positions and regain my composure.  So on the bed in Mish until I finally came.  She cleaned me up and offered me a shower which I gladly accepted.

Everything is new and clean towels, bedding, etc.

I probable went overtime by about 5 minutes but there was no clock watching.  Would I go again ...ABSOLUTELY ......but as I explained I have a bit of a thing for this girl and as always YMMV.

And yes the photos are her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th May 2015, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: Granox
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I only put the abrivations in the post but the system dropped in all the meanings in and it makes it read funny..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th May 2015, 12:40 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You're welcome Granox. Glad to see you reunited with your old flame :-)


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th May 2015, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lina's Locanto ad,





			
				Hot Sexy Indonesian Girl Gold Coast - 36

Hello my name is Lina, I'm a natural Indonesian beauty and ex-model, attractive sweet and sexy and I'm all yours. I'm 36 years old and work from a private studio near Oxenford. I have long slender legs, sweet mocha skin and 36D breasts. I am well trained in sensual massage to relieve your stress and invigorate your body.

I would love to offer you an experience of total blissfulness and take you away from the worries of today's world. Let me eliminate all your tensions and take you to a better place.

You can see me Mondays, Tuesdays,Thursdays and Fridays near Oxenford between 9:00am and 2:30pm

All photos are recent and of me and my English is exceptional.

In call:

Full body relaxation : Sensual Body Massage and Hand Relief
• $60 for 30mins.
• $80 for 45 mins.
• $100 for 60 mins.

Full service : includes kissing,oral,massage,sex (girlfriend experience):
• $120 for 30mins.
• $170 for 45 mins.
• $200 for 60 mins.

My phone numer:0421107506 near Oxenford
If I cannot answer and you want me to call or text back then text me and tell me.

PLEASE NOTE- Private numbers will not be answered. I have a strictly no drugs policy. I don't do anal or natural services.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th May 2015, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: Granox
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep that's her photo ....now you know why I like her so much ...........


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th May 2015, 09:30 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good on her for finally leaving Dominion Rd. despite my on/off feelings about her service, I thought she was squandered in that parlour.


