Thread Title: Linda - Brisbane (CBD) - 0478 069 877
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th March 2012, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: naughtydog
Post Title: 
 Linda - Brisbane (CBD) - 0478 069 877
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 2 March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Cracker link - Young 23yo college student,genuine and friendly~!!((Just arrival)) - Brisbane City | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : Uncertain, but till quite late on a Friday apparently

Rates : $130/30mins, $200/hr

Age : 25 approx

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure but probably Chinese.

Services Provided :Massage DATY BB/CBJ FS DT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and no

My experience/comments : This was my first "full service" punt. I've gone to R&Ts before but was sick of the "will she/won't she" of previous experiences, and wanted a little bit more. I have the cash, I'd rather know what I'm getting than spend money on an unknown. Linda was on Cracker, and she seemed like an alright option. Easy to get to. A quick call arranged things, then a few texts to say where, when, etc. I had a shower before I left home, and texted her to say that and to tell her that I'd be about 15 minutes. I pretty much was spot on with that, but when I texted her again to say I was there I got a response asking me to wait 10 minutes as she'd just gotten out of the shower. A bit annoying, but OK. It wasn't 10 minutes, more like 25.

Ok, so, Linda isn't a bad looker. Met me at the door wearing nice lingerie. Very nice body. Slightly angular features not uncommon on asian ladies, and can be attractive or not depending on the girl. More of a "Lucy Lui" than anything. If you pulled her you'd be pleased with yourself.

Linda got the money up front, of course, asked me to take my clothes off and took my money. She came back into the room and helped me undress, offering to put on a surprisingly tattered nurse uniform thing. I said she was fine as she was but she put it on anyway. The thing was an apron and it didn't cover up much. Fair enough. She sat on my lap and made a big deal of kissing, making out, etc. Not DFK, but open mouth. I don't really care too much about kissing, so no big deal there, but some guys might want to bear it in mind. After some fooling around she pushed me down and started playing with me. Then she kissed the end of my dick and said "condom sucky, or no condom sucky?". I opted for the latter, and was happy to consider it an extra - $30. A conversation followed that I did not understand at all. It may have been a funny anecdote about another customer. Or it may have been a threat, who knows. 

What followed then was one of the most profoundly awesome blowjobs I've ever gotten. It was bareback and included full deep throating, something I've never experienced before, though a few girls have tried. It was pretty intense. After that (I'm not sure if CIM is an optional extra, but I'd have been tempted to do it if so) I lay her on the bed and licked her for a while. She had no objection, it wasn't an extra. It's hard to tell whether she liked it, and her reactions were there, but could have been fake and I couldn't tell if she was trying to stop me or encourage me. Anyway, after a bit of that she pulled me up to fuck. (Oh, a condom had gone on in the meantime, of course.)

I can't say I lasted a particularly long time, and came well within half an hour. She gave me a massage to fill the rest of the time, then a shower and I was out of there about 45 minutes after I arrived.

Only one problem. I didn't pay for half an hour. I paid for an hour. Once I had cum she did her best to get me out ASAP, and fair enough from her point of view. But I paid for an hour, not half an hour, and I expect to get that attention. 

Oh, another concern - phone calls. She got several, and answered them. Some she responded to briefly, but some were surprisingly long. Unprofessional.

Would I go again? Probably. But I'll try other girls first. And if I go again I'm only paying for half an hour. $160 for BBBJ, Deepthroat and a fuck is probably not bad.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2012, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: showser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice work.  Were her photos on cracker actually her, she looks pretty tasty.

I'll have to get to the city soon, The Goldie seems a bit lacking in decent well priced talent.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th March 2012, 08:40 PM
Poster ID: naughtydog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As best I can tell, yes. I'm pretty sure they're legit photos.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th March 2012, 12:48 AM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste of her Cracker ad:

My name is LINDA. I am 23 Years old !! I am coming to Brisbane for my First destination as I have heard that gentlemen are very gentle and nice!!! ^^ I love to enjoy the gentle nice breeze of the sea and also relax, tease and be naughty with you too!!

I am to offer Girlfriend experience, discrete, genuine and friendly service at affordable realistic rates. I promise you an unforgettable experience that will always impress. I love to make Man Happy and give you an experience that you will never forget!!!!!

I am both HOT and SEXY with a body size 7, BIG BUST SIZE long dark hair and SOFT SMOOTH white skin to excite you.
 The service I provide is sexy and sensual and guarantees you will be leaving with a smile and wanting more.

my charge for half hour is $130 
AN hour for $ 200


