Thread Title: LINDA - Brisbane CBD - 0449 911 520
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd May 2016, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: 
 LINDA - Brisbane CBD - 0449 911 520
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LINDA

Establishment : Real Private WL

Date of Visit : 22/5/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : linda - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au
[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]                                                           mobile 0449911520[/COLOR]

Hours of Business : 24hours but need to call/sms for appointment

Rates : $400/hr

Age : 22

Size/shape : Size 6-7, 168cms tall, 34B boobs, perty brown nipples, skinny legs and slim arms

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, fingering, kissing

Value for money/recommend? : 100% yes

My experience/comments : 

I was thinking trying a Korean or Japanese WL and saw Linda's advert.
Pictures looked great but I didn't have high hopes because too often the advertised lady is not the one in the picture.
I sms and make an appointment.

When I arrives at her hotel and Linda opened the door I had a huge smile on my face.
What a young fresh faced ebony girl.

She looked underaged but had a great figure.
I feasted my eyes and desires on her body when she stripped.
I haven't seen a young sexy perfect body like this in a long time.

I couldn't help myself by pinching and squeezing her everywhere to test her body.
Skinny legs, slim arms, tight ass, wet pussy, light flawless smooth and hairless brown skin.
Firm and toned everywhere.

Instant erection and I put her on the bed and went down on her.
What a wet pussy.

She was a moaner and continued moaning the whole time I was eating and finger fucking her.
She loves to be eaten and mashed her pussy hard into my mouth and fingers.
She has the silkiest smoothest pussy I every played and fingered.
This was a real find - fresh meat.

She is on holiday and wanted to earn more money in Australia.
I was happy I found her.

When I fucked her in MISH she bent her legs back to her head.
She loves to be smashed and pounded in the maximum thrust position.
She had her legs spread opened y-wide as I hammered her.
All the time the pussy is wet wet wet.

I fucked her in many positions and she matched me every position with her moaning and counter thrusting.
This young lady obviously loves fucking.

Linda is seriously addictive.
So additive that I asked her for a special session at my hotel later in the evening.
I offered her an amount she could not refuse.

When I picked her up in evening she was just wearing an old jumper and a mini skirt.
This girl is hot in anything she wears.

When she sat in my car I put my hands to finger her.
WHOW! WHOW! NO UNDIES! Fucken pussy is also dripping wet!
Fuck I want to fuck her in the car now!
In the hotel lift I kept lifting up her mini and exposing her butt and fingering her wet pussy.
We were alone in the lift and I did not care for the security cameras.

All I can say is I had the most enjoyable Pierre Woodman casting session in the hotel. 
Crazy night!

I told Linda to come to Sydney because she can earn more and get better customers so there is a good chance she may relocate in a few weeks  to Sydney.
(Thanks me Sydney guys)!

Once you try black, you cannot go back!!






















Inexperienced but a good fuck because she has the body for sin.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd May 2016, 05:14 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ad has gone already
Maybe she is on the way to Sydney


