Thread Title: Little Miss Malaysia
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th November 2017, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: 
 Little Miss Malaysia
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ming (advertises as per the title)

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit : 9.11.2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 425 790 - Rented apartment at 'lower numbered' Albert St, Brisbane city 

Hours of Business :  Most days, 10am - until late

Rates : $200 hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape :  5’1” tall C. cup breasts with large areola, fully shaved pussy with small pussy lips (has also had a baby however no real post baby belly)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, LFK, BBBJ ( extra $50),  DATY, covered FS and hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

Went to Cracker looking for some local pussy 'to be dessert' after a business dinner. 

Selected ‘Little Miss Malaysia’ based on photos of very young looking WL, long hair, slim and fully shaved picture - first factual difference to reality!! Young - nope, early 30s. Slim - nope albeit not fat. Long hair - nope, shoulder length. Malaysian - nope, Korean. Ad said DFK - LFK only during the service. 

Noting all above I was not deterred (and said nothing) as was still quite nice looking in a very short little black number and greeted with a very warm hug. 

Stripped and lay face down on the bed able to watch all in the full length mirrored bedroom cupboards. Started with a Massage (all sensual with fingertips mainly around my arse and inner thigh) for 5 minutes then turnover. 

Condom or no condom suck - wanted the latter - $50 extra not mentioned when booking asking for same - must say worth the extra albeit thought it was in the package. 
Dommed  up and the usual ‘you fucka me’ so started with missionary. Asked for change after 5 minutes but she wanted to stay put and told me how awesome the fuck and my cock were. 

A ‘beer too many’ didn’t help my performance so off with the dom and I took my cock in hand as I was given opportunity for some DATY as she stood above my face - really hard to get to pussy so ceased and got myself off as she lightly played with her pussy (outside) and some pussy spreading - I blew hard. 

Lay back and recovered noting 25 minutes gone so time for one more. Some light massage (as above) on my stomach to balls and cock and noted some hardening occurring. 

Some oil and we shared hands playing with my cock as I sucked on her nips. 

Deed done in circa 10 minutes (credit here as she was most determined that I got to come again) and into shower (alone) and dressed as she then showered. A quick hug with her in thong only and left. 

Passable overall but it does annoy when what you expect and reality (is any ad in Cracker ever real?) don’t match. 

Return? Unlikely but don’t let me put off others from visiting someone who at least does want you to enjoy/get off with no rushing or hurry ups.


