Thread Title: Lola - Buderim, Sunshine Coast - 0467 436 731
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th January 2020, 03:41 PM
Poster ID: mycanon
Post Title: 
 Lola - Buderim, Sunshine Coast - 0467 436 731
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lola

Establishment : private house, Buderim Sunshine Coast

Date of Visit : Jan 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.buysearchsell.com.au/ad/5225206/

Phone : 0467 436 731

Hours of Business : variable, I went 10am weekday

Rates : $180/h

Age : ~40   (Mature Thai, hard to pick, but at least 40ish)

Size/shape : 12, busty and curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Rang first thing in am and she was available.  headed to address, bit awkward parking.  Met at door by older Thai milf, quite pretty.  Taken to bedroom with ensuite for shower, etc.  Paid money and asked to shower.  Back into bedroom and she was already lying naked on bed and looking good.  Asked me to lie beside her to get to know each other.  What followed was more of a GFE session, which was nice.  She was very milfy with big juicy tits and a neatly shaved kitty and some nice large lips. no restrictions on fingers and other touching.  Kept asking me to suck her nipples which responded nicely while she played with junior.  Once he was at attention she asked if I wanted 69.  Off she went and straight into a BBBJ while I investigated the kitty. Very clean and tasty with a very responsive clitty.  Several groans and quivers while I worked my tongue in there which also got a bit of a deep throat gurgling from her which felt really good.

Asked if I was ready to fuck and she told me to sit up toward the head of the bed, and she put some pillows behind me so I was reclining a little upright. She then jumped on top, placed my hands on her titties and asked me to squeeze them and play with her nipples.  She put her hands on my face and just gently rubbed my cheeks and neck while she looked me in the eyes during some very intense, grinding and fucking on her part.  This was very erotic and not helping me to keep my calm and pace myself.  Ended up thinking about lots of stuff to prolong the session, while not breaking eye contact.  Very intense!  Went on for a while and she asked if I wanted to switch positions which I said no as it was feeling really good.  SHe thanked me as this was her favourite position for fucking.

A little while later I came, but she kept on going for several minutes and then gently slowed down. When she finally stopped, she just sat there talking to me about things in general, making no move to dismount, just gently moving her hips, which actually kept me hard much longer than normal.  Again after a while of chatting like this, she asked if I wanted another shower, which I did, and once I jumped in she joined me and helped.  All very pleasureable which also left me still hard, wondering about a second session!

I made a comment about extending but she had another appointment due in 30 mins.  However she recommended a friend nearby and offered to call her for me.  I declined but took the number anyway. Also asked if they ever worked together, which they do whenever her friend is visiting.  Told her I would see if I could organise more time later this week and give her a call to arrange a session with them both.

Overall friendly, good value, clean place and easy to book. Will definitely return.


