Thread Title: Louise redhead boondall 0412 062 401‬
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd July 2019, 09:30 PM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Louise redhead boondall 0412 062 401‬
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Louise

Establishment : motel @ boondall  

Date of Visit : June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...-thurs-33.html


Phone : .0412 062 401‬

Hours of Business : Thurs-sun txt too confirm availability

Rates : $100 30 mins bbbj $150 hour f/s

Age : early 40's

Size/shape : Tall & slim C cup tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/bogan

Services Provided : FS,bbbj,cim,cof,

Value for money/recommend? : yes cause
She gives good Head and is a nice lady however I won't return.

My experience/comments : I've seen a few reviews on Louise and saw nothing but good reviews. From all the good feedback on her Locanto looked like she was a sure winner so I decided to give her a go even tho she lived almost an hour away from me. Ok so booking was easy simply over a few text and I was off to boondall. She worked out of an motel that was easy to find and u didn't need to go into a lobby just rock up and park your car in front of her room. It was my first time with her so played it safe and went for the $100 bj option.  Opened the door and was greeted by Louise. I gotta say I was slightly disappointed, she's wat I would call a boarder line ugly Bogan.  Strangely She looks a lot more curvier in her photos then i real life she looks a lot slimmer. She seems like a really nice lady tho made me feel at ease so I decided to give her a go since I was already there. She's got kids and does this part time on the weekends when she needs extra money. 

She tried to upsell me by telling me that I should cum in her mouth which she would happily swallow the whole load for $50 extra but I declined.  After a bit of chit chat she got me to lie down and relax. She starts off with some light kissing on my face/ lips and cat bath on my body working her way down slowly towards my cock. She then licks my balls and kisses and licks/tease my shaft which gave me a massive hard on. She then goes for the bj which was sensual and slow and soon after I gave up and she took it out of her mouth and Jerked me off to completion. She then cleans me up and i relaxed while and she gives me a light massage. She then asked if I wanted to go again but I was drained and politely declined. After some more chit chat I was off. Overall nice lady but don't think I'd go out of my way to see her. She's deff one of those ladies that lacks in youth & looks however she's good with customers and knows how to give good head.


