Thread Title: Lucy - Wavell Heights - 0476 773 428
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st February 2020, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: mycanon
Post Title: 
 Lucy - Wavell Heights - 0476 773 428
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Private Home

Date of Visit : 18 Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_4...GFE-yummy.html

Phone :  0476 773 428

Hours of Business : Not sure but expect a broad time range

Rates : $80 half hour FS

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Photo's got my attention, esp with the sight of a few tattoos.  Booking was easy but her english not so good. Couldn't get the street name sorted, so she put another punter on phone who laughed at having same problem.  All sorted and then head around. Residential street so parked a few houses away and wondered in.  Prob worst house in street from a maintenance perspective, but wasn't there to judge home beautiful !

Knocked on door, let me in while hiding behind it.  She greeted me with a cuddle and kiss after closing door and led me to bedroom by hand.  Asked how long to stay so I said 30 mins then maybe longer next time.  She told me that if I liked her in first 10 mins I could extend to 1 hour for extra $40. Agreed and got naked while she left with $$.  Now she has a really alternative look - very long cornrow hair, quite a lot of body tattoos, some facial and tongue piercings. So she has a really slutty appearance which was a big bonus.  She was back in room fairly quickly then gear off and come for another cuddle. This time some DFK, some not so subtle groping of my tackle, body rubbing and then turns around, spreads her bum cheeks and wraps them around my old feller and dry humps me, while looking at me over her shoulder.  Bugger Me, I may not last the full 30 mins at this rate.  Told her as much. So she said extra $40 and she'll make me come a few times with lots of sexy fun.

Seeing as how I got no won't power, I handed over the extra $$ which she just threw on a side table and started to get a little more freaky.  Down on her knees she started some very nice ball sucking without breaking eye contact and squeezing my arse with her hands. Then some decent BBBJ knob gobbling, while still squeezing my arse and also tickling my hole from behind.  Now its not often a girl with tongue piercings knows what to do with them, but Lucy certainly does and it was toe curling.  Warned her again that I wouldnt last and all she said was we had plenty of time. Then doubled her efforts to get a result.  Which she did!  There was also no stopping, she swallowed and kept on sucking. then got me to lie down on end of bed, and positioned my knees in the air, pushed them apart and resumed the cock and ball oral pleasuring, while also sticking her tongue in and around my date.  Junior started to respond already.  Once she got me up again, she announced that she wanted me to eat her pussy.  Straight into a 69 we went, but I told her not to blow me too quickly again as I may not get 3 done.  She said she would try, but no promises!  Cheeky bitch.

Quite a tasty and clean pussy which she keenly moved around on my tongue.  When I found her fun spots, she would grunt and groan and grind my face.  After doing this for a while she asked if I wanted to fuck. So she suggested we do doggy on end of bed.  now this girl has a truckload of tattoo's that are well done and I copped an eyeful off them on  her back.  But before I got stuck in, she wanted a repeat of the between the cheeks dry humping, which almost got me over the line again.  I tentatively pushed my cock against her asshole which was tantalisingly rubbing me and the tip slid in, but she only let me put a little in before grabbing me and popping me in her pussy.  This girl has one tight pussy and was able to squeeze very nicely. Kinda a milking sensation, which again did not help my longevity stamina.  Several minutes of this and I blew again, which made her laugh while proudly telling me that was number 2.

At this point I checked the time and it was just on 30 mins. Fark me, at this rate I was going to be leaving in a body bag!!

Quick clean up and she got me to lie down on bed with her while she cuddled and asked me lots of questions about life, girlfriend/wife, etc.  All the while rubbing and massaging my tackle again.  10 mins later she announces it was time for number 3. I honestly told her I doubt it would happen. She said she had promised so yes it would !  She again started DFK'ing while massaging me, and then locking and sucking my nipples which had the appropriate response.  after about 5-10 mins I was hard again, so she jumped on top and rubbed her pussy on junior while holding the tip in her fingers and massaging. This was freaking awesome.  Felt like I got even harder so she slipped me inside and started to grind and squeeze away while tweaking my nipples and looking me straight in the eyes the whole time.  She kept this going for a while and I then came again, but she didnt stop straight away, saying she also wanted to cum, which she did.

At this point I was completely exhausted. I hadn't done this in a long while.  This girl is walking Viagra!  Anyway, we kept chatting while we both dressed, and I asked what days she works - 7 days.  If she knows your number she will answer it anytime and you can book in.  She is busy through the week, but weekends not so much due to neighbours being home, but she is happy to work anyway.  She promised that she never uses numbers to send texts, or make calls, only to save for knowing customers and only if you stay with her.  

I'll definitely return, she is one LBFM and a nice lady to boot.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th February 2020, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: protossno87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Actually early 40s, looks younger due to her being a bit chubby.
All the girls charging same price on Locanto rotate between Wavell Heights, Goodna, Underwood, Nundah and Darra.
I think she is best out of the 7 rotating.


