Thread Title: Lucy Swallows - Brisbane - 0416 659 096
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th March 2020, 10:38 PM
Poster ID: Mogreen
Post Title: 
 Lucy Swallows - Brisbane - 0416 659 096
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy Swallows

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 11 March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../LucySwallows/

Phone : 0416659096

Hours of Business : touring so please check

Rates : 200 30 mins

Age : 20s

Size/shape : 16

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : FS BBBJ PSE Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Oh yeah if you like big girls that go right in

My experience/comments : finally after all those bad experiences, saw her ad and decided to check out the claim that she puts sluts to shame. i personally like big girls so made contact. really easy to contact and she is in brissie for a week. Went to her apartment, no buzzing rather she comes and gets you from the lift which reminded me of Skyla in sydney central at the rydges. bit awkward as she came in a see through dress with a red bra underneath which didnt scream discreet and there was this other lady also waiting for the lift. so not the best timing but that aside she is a big girl so if you dont like that maybe leave now.

Get in have a shower and we got onto the bed on our knees making out and myself exploring her body spent a good time making out and she gets me up and asks me to lie down and goes to town. my oh my she does put sluts to shame in the bed giving head. DT, even deeper what not was all being done and it all felt quite natural and not mechanical so the flow was amazeballs. my dick was just disappearing in her mouth and then once its out for a bit it goes between those boobs, i could have done that all night. Was time to return the favour, and with all power left i put her on her back and go down on her. nice pussy and can eat for long with good responses. After a bit of that thought its time and dommed up. Tried missionary but the bed was too bloody soft to align us and was getting a bit awkward (problems when you have 2 big units in a bed). we just decided screw the bed and lets just go on the floor, she kneeled down and took the dom off, went to town with her mouth. Was better than many pussies that i have had in recent times, i paid for GFE but it was a true cock workship and PSE style blow with deeper throats( i am around the 9 inch mark with a bit of girth and she was okay to take all of that). 

i was in wonderland and came at some point, it was all a blur lol!! 

great gal, friendly and easy to interact with. not mechanical at all and finally i seemed to get one right. shame she is leaving but she is in sydney so i get to see her when i am there  catch her if you can while she here guys.


