Thread Title: Lulu - Brisbane - 0416 118 288
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th June 2019, 05:54 AM
Poster ID: Stage
Post Title: 
 Lulu - Brisbane - 0416 118 288
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Private hotel, Brisbane CBD

Date of Visit : June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.couriermail.com.au/classifieds/ad/3262088/

Phone :0416118288

Hours of Business : 24 hour

Rates : $120 per hour

Age : Approx 30

Size/shape : Average Build, with a little extra weight

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Poor

My experience/comments : I found Lulu advertising in the local paper. A few text messages and I was on my way. I was given details of a major hotel chain in the city. 
When I arrived I was sent up the lift and knocked on the door.
It opened to a very dark room with music and playing and red led lights across the floor and back wall. There was little spoken, perhaps due to language barriers, but I think she speaks good English, just chooses not to.
The add says Sexy 19 year old from Singapore with a photo of her body. Nothing links up apart from the fact that she lived in Singapore when she was a kid. She would be late 20's to early 30's, overweight for her age and I would not say sexy.
I should have left on that but the price was cheap. I was pleased I had negotiated down in the text messages.
I was quick to lay down and had a feeling that the sheets were not changed often.
She kept her clothes on a did a pretty poor massage with no oil and lots of elbows. I was thinking, just get on with it.  
After 30 minutes, she said roll over and she then took most of her clothes off. For some reason she kept a t shirt and bra on but pushed her really large breasts out.
She let me play with them, and suck them but was keen on any pussy play. There was covered BJ to get me ready.
I thought, what the heck and just got into it. On her back with her legs up she made these fake sounds. It was getting worse for me. I decided I would go doggie and flipped her over. I went for another 10 minutes and at least got to give her a good pounding. But she want doing it for me so I decided to finish up and get her to get me a cross the line with a handy.
At the end there was no shower and minimal clean up.
As I dressed I looked about the room and it was dirty. Floor had not been vacuumed and nothing dusted for more than a month.  I was happy to get out of there and I wont be back


