Thread Title: LYDIA Thai GF - Spring Hill, Brisbane - 0414 774 890
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 02:00 AM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: 
 LYDIA Thai GF - Spring Hill, Brisbane - 0414 774 890
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LYDIA

Establishment : Private Girl in apartment

Date of Visit : 18/5/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]0414774890[/COLOR]

??DATED PICS just took TODAY?Diamond of the fakes ? Hottest Thai girl ?? TOP Class Service! - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au
????????????????????.. Lots of New Pics To Prove Its Me! Natural E SEXIEST Thai BaBY????????? - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au
??Natural E Great Ass?Diamond of the fakes ? Hottest Thai girl ?? TOP Class Service! - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au
??NEW pics?Lydia is BACK! Diamond of the fakes ? Hottest Thai girl ?? TOP Class Service! - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 24hrs on call

Rates : $200/hr

Age : 30s (but claiming 23)

Size/shape : 160cm, size 7, EE boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, Rimming, fingering, Spanish

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

Am on business trip in Brisbane and needed a side distraction to fill my spare time.
Lydia's advert in cracker looked interesting so I contacted her and she gave me her apartment in Spring Hill.

She is exactly the same as the pictures in her advert.
What you see is what you get but she looks better in real life.

Lydia is dark skin Isan Thai girl. 
She was mused by my knowledge of her home town of Udon Thani and that set off a very interesting afternoon.

Man those boobs were huge! 
Were they natural as claimed? NO! But a great boob job that feels natural and soft. Newbies would not be able to tell.

I took her bra off and starting sucking and manhandling the mammaries as I walked in the door.
Nice to have a change from my usual skinny boobless girls.

She speaks excellent English for a Thai because she been in Singapore for years and has a proper business there.
I ask her why she doing this and she says just for extra money since tough doing business in Singapore.

She asks me what services I want and I tell her to lie down and spread her legs so I can eat her pussy.
She obliges and I do my thing.
Clean shaven and nice pussy lips.
I eat her pussy, deep fingering her and continue to carry on a conversation.
She moaning and trying to answer back.

I must have done this for 20mins and she came twice and bed was wet.
She says time for me to get enjoyment and she goes down on me.
BBBJ and Spanish for few minutes.

Somehow she mentions that she had another pretty Chinese GF friend next door also doing the same thing.
I tell Lydia to invite her over for a 3some, so in comes TIFFANY.

Tiffany - 165cm, white skin, Chinese Thai, 32years old, size 7, natural EE boobs.
REAL YUMMY WL.

I pass over another $200 and Tiffany strip and lies on bed.
I go down again on her and give her the same tongue lashing as I did Lydia.
She has a bigger pussy than Lydia but more juices. 
No fingering which is a disappointment because I think I can get her to pour out more juices.

While I DATY on Tiffany, Lydia is giving me BBBJ and Spanish.

After I lie on my back and get Lydia to ride me while Tiffany mashes her pussy in my face and mouth.
After a while I tell Lydia I want to fuck Tiffany so she goes off and I do MISH on Tiffany.
Tiffany refused to kiss me because I had been eating her pussy but I kept kissing her. Fun!

Finally I finished and two girls are happy.
(Actually I think they very tired hahah).

Lydia says I did well to go so long especially with both of them because most people come fast with her.

You got 2 weeks left if you want to get Lydia (or Tiffany) before she returns to Singapore.


