Thread Title: Maddison Paige - Brisbane, QLD - 0423 139 579
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th June 2019, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: Benwaughfuxwhores
Post Title: 
 Maddison Paige - Brisbane, QLD - 0423 139 579
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maddison Paige

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ma...?city=Brisbane

Phone : 0423 139 579

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : 550 hr

Age : 29 or over

Size/shape : let herself go

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : alleged gfe

Value for money/recommend? : avoid flat out

My experience/comments : 

After seeing her ad on sb I took the punt. Was a little concerned that some of her pics look skinny and others curvy but decided to ignore that...big mistake as it turned out. 

Text was easy and she gave detailed lists of what she offered. Unfortunately this wasn't provided so don't trust the texts. Anyways, making the booking was easy. We set up for the following day. Time rolled around and she sent her address. Got there on time, she was a bit tardy.

She came down to let me in and I should have cut and run then. Much much curvier than any of her pics suggest. Worse still she made zero effort at dressing or grooming her hair. Looked pretty laid back but my mind was clouded with horny feelings so I thought maybe that's just her personality.

We went up and she made some small talk before I had a shower. Out to the bedroom and she was waiting wearing the same outfit. Again no effort. Things started ok but once we got to the bj she didn't provide as she said in the text. Gave up on that and went into sex. Pretty unremarkable. Problems again as she nearly immediately started complaining about me taking too long. Girls who do that seem to think it'll make a guy cum when the opposite is true. With over 15 mins still left she called an end to the session.

Given the bait and switch on the services and the high price no way I'd return. Luckily I didn't pay up front and refused to pay for full hr. She agreed. Take my word and avoid this one.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th July 2019, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sorry to hear it was an expensive dud


