Thread Title: Madison - Brisbane - 0448 473 714
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th May 2013, 10:12 AM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: 
 Madison - Brisbane - 0448 473 714
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Madison Dupree

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : May13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Escort & Babes Website

Rates : $300 hr

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : 8 - D Cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed Origin

Value for money/recommend? : Hot Hot Hot

My experience/comments : Its not often that you meet someone and feel instantly comfortable in their presence, yet thats just what happened when the door opened and I was greeted by the gorgeous busty Madison Dupree in a mans shirt with just the hint of lingerie showing.

I was mesmerised at how sexy she looked - totally missed what she was saying and wanted to rip off that shirt to feast on the body contained within. 

Its hard to describe just how sexy this women is - she has an exotic sultry look that just screams I want to ravish you now! and I was in a daze from that point on.

Pushed into the mandatory shower following a light kiss, on exiting I was faced with a now naked Madison lying on the bed and things really became a blur.

Lots of kissing, licking and caressing flowed into some mutual oral before culminating in some of the most passionate horizontal action I can remember since ...well last time 

I dont think I've cum that much in a very long time and I dont really want to share but it wont be long before we start seeing Madison making a real name for herself as one of the top local escorts. 

Until the next time..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th August 2013, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: cutepom77
Post Title: 
 Madison Dupree - Brisbane
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Madison Dupree

Establishment : Private Escort, Spring Hill, Brisbane

Date of Visit : Late May 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Was advertising on Escorts & Babes. Can't find ad ? taking a break

Hours of Business : 10am to late

Rates : $300/hr

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Slim, Petitie & Hot

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie Mixed Race

Services Provided : FS - Mild to Wild

Value for money/recommend? : YES!!!

A splended hour with Madison. Tie and tease, lots of DATY, teasing, rimming, teasing, more DATY, before she gave me a HJ and disposed of the cum in my mouth.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th October 2013, 04:32 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Theres been a name change to this one but she's still around..


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 07:30 PM
Poster ID: Indigo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hgry1


Theres been a name change to this one but she's still around.
"""



What's her name now mate ?


