Thread Title: Maggie -  Eight Mile Plain -  0434 763 666
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 06:10 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Maggie -  Eight Mile Plain -  0434 763 666
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 5.2.16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : New Naughty Naughty Girl in Eight Mile Plains - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : call to find out

Rates : Incall rates: 30 mins / 120   60 mins / 200 
             Outcall rates: 60 mins / 300 

Age : 22 but prob early/ mid 30's

Size/shape : larger milf, c cup boobs, brunette

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese?

Services Provided : CBJ, HJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : ok/ depends what you want

My experience/comments :
Decided to take a punt on one of the ads i had seen for Eight Miles Plains. Texted but didn't get a reply so i texted the other one and also nothing and was going to look elsewhere when i got a reply from both. decided to go with the one that gave FS as the masaage one would let me lick her pussy for extra but it was almost the same price of one hour FS

Took a 30min option for $120. Maggie works from a modern private house close to The Glen Hotel. Was told to just ring the door bell. On entry its clear that there are a few girls working from here with two others chatting away in the kitchen. Was shown into a room with clean white sheets and towel. Maggie is a larger size woman with a nice face, the pictures in the ad could be her when younger, her english is good. Asked for the money and mumbled "$!50 good" as i pulled out the cash then saw i had two 50s and said "one hundred ok" then saw the 20 and says "$120 good" so i am sure you can negotiate fee for service

Laying on the bed she asked me to roll over for a massage and i said i would rather just fuck. A little suprised , but on with the condom for a CBJ, which was ok, really pulled and sucked hard on the head but only went a third of the way down then would give me a bit of a handy then return to a cbj, every now and then a hand would rub my stomach as an after thought, this went on for 5mins.

Then she says to fuck her. Asked to lick her first and she happily agreed. A nice plump open pussy with a big slit and some nice lips, which brought a moan from me and she was already quite wet and let me have a good go but the thighs stayed close and shut me out after a few minutes and she just got up on her kneees for doggy and her hand comes through to guide my cock in. But the rear view of pussy and puckered butthole was very nice and i went in for more licking! She mumbled no and pushed me out so i gave her my cock and she was suprisingly firm for a large pussy. Doggy was very enjoyable and she starts making nioses to get me to cum quickly, as i am grabbing her butt cheeks i rub her buthole and she protests so its just straight doggy. We swap to misssionary and am really enjoying her pussy, but she wont let me near her face and breasts as she keeps her arms extended holding me up.  We fuck away like this for a good while but the lack of intimacy had me finishing off by pounding that pussy to get over the line. 

Cleaned up with a solo shower after both walking thru the house naked to the bathroom. Other rooms, one with open door and set up. I get back to my room and dress, Maggie is changing all the sheets and says she is going to Sydney for the Chinese New Year but i should see her young friend "$100 special, just ring the doorbell"

Overall - was out the door in 25 minutes, if you are after a Suck Lick Fuck Blow with a larger woman it may be for you


