Thread Title: Maggie - Brisbane, QLD - 0497 036 213
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2019, 10:05 AM
Poster ID: bobbitthehobbit
Post Title: 
 Maggie - Brisbane, QLD - 0497 036 213
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 9/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortsandbabes.com.au/Profi...dent/Maggie26/

Phone : 0497 036 213

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $400/hr

Age : 28

Size/shape : Size 6, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full service, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Great value for money

My experience/comments : I'd been trying to see Maggie for a few months as she has an incall near my work, so I finally managed to organise to see her over a lunch break. Communications couldn't have been easier, she's an absolute delight to deal with, both via text and in person.

Maggie looks amazing, exactly as her pictures show, with a fantastic body. I was a little unsure as she didn't have any face pics and that's always a bit of a gamble, but I didn't have to worry, she's really pretty and has a really cute little smile. As soon as I was in the room she greeted me with an amazing hug and long kiss, giving me ample opportunity to run my hands over her body. After a quick shower we jumped on the bed for some more kissing during which her lingerie came off and I could see just how amazing her breasts are - I'll say right now that I couldn't stop playing with them the whole session.

She seemed really into the session and virtually pushed me down on the bed so she could wrap her lips around my cock. She's definitely a pro at this - after a few minutes I had to get her to stop or the session would have been over prematurely, so I flipped her onto her back and proceeded to go to town with my tongue. She tasted amazing and I was down there for longer than I would usually go as she was clearly enjoying it and so was I - based on her reactions and the way she kept tensing up she definitely came a couple of times at least. After the last time she pushed me away and grabbed a condom saying to me "You really need to fuck me now" - who was I to argue?

We worked our way through a number of positions, including a few interesting ones - I later found out she's a yoga teacher which explains a lot. Eventually I finished from behind her in doggy style, at which point I collapsed on top of her and she grabbed me and told me to stay right there with my cock still inside her. 

All up I really enjoyed my time with Maggie and I'm hoping to see her again regularly. I'm also keen to try out some other stuff as her service is all-inclusive and I get the impression she would be up for almost anything.


