Thread Title: Mandy - Brisbane - 0499 093 201
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th November 2013, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Mandy - Brisbane - 0499 093 201
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Private - Brisbane - Southern Suburbs

Date of Visit : October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0499 093 201 advertised on locanto

Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : $100 / Half

Age : 40

Size/shape : Size 10, MASSIVE Tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Everything, great Greek service

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES - Would like to see her again

My experience/comments : 8/10

After some correspondence with Mandy, who I found on locanto, I figured she was an anything goes whore that could be a lot of fun. And she was albeit not completely meeting my expectations appearance wise. She looks a bit rougher than her pics and has quite a few tattoos, her service however is A1 if you want slutty PSE.

I dropped in on Mandy in the evening and it didn't take long for her to disrobe and show off her massive beautiful natural tits before taking my cock in her mouth and giving me a good suck on the edge of the bed. Soon I was on top in missionary balls deep in her slippery wet pussy... I had fun taking my time thrusting in and out of her pussy and talking about her prior sexual adventures... We moved into doggy and where lots of lube was applied to her ass. Early attempts at penetrating her tight asshole were foiled as apparently a punter the evening before had really gone at it hard...... after some more lube and a change of position with her on back on the edge of the bed with her legs in the air my cock was pumping her ass nicely.. She seemed to enjoy some full long thrusts in her ass and particularly enjoyed the faster pace as I approached the grande finale where she demanded that she feel the eruption of my orgasm in her arse. Holy fuck, with eyes rolling in the back of my head I shot my load which excited Mandy even more whereby she was now demanding to be fucked harder and faster.... with some concentration after blowing my load I was able to persevere with my thrusts post orgasm for a short time before falling over and taking a rest.... 

After a quick sneaky trip to the bathroom, where mandy made sure I was nice and clean, we went for more of the same in round 2. Mandy genuinely seems to get off with guys finishing in her arse and I was happy to oblige for a second time with another shower afterwards. So after an hour or so and shooting a couple times in Mandy's arse it was time to leave... a friendly chat, a kiss and sayoonara... 

If you're chasing a down to earth more mature PSE experience Mandy is your girl. Treat her nicely and enjoy her service. Her massage is pathetic but she does know how to fuck and loves an ass pounding. Make sure you eat your Wheaties because she likes some stamina and seems to get off on MSOG.  Her breasts are absolutely tops and they have to be one of the most impressive natural breasts I have ever come across.


