Thread Title: Melanie, Hervey Bay 0468 938 782
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2018, 07:32 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Melanie, Hervey Bay 0468 938 782
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melanie

Establishment : my abode

Date of Visit : 5/9/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://herveybay.locanto.com.au/ID_...lable-Now.html

Phone : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]0468 938 782[/COLOR]
Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $200 for 45 min

Age : 36-40

Size/shape : nice body slimmish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aust

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No\No

My experience/comments : 
After a pretty poor time in Brisbane, a few girls cancellinb and not showing up I come home and with the daughter out for the night I call up Mel.
Her pics look good, MILF body and looks fit,agree on $200 for 45 min.

She shows up on time,pics in her add are a little flattering to be honest, body is still decent but her face while attractive to some extent certainly shows a weathered long life for her age. Anyways I proceed with booking as rather horny anyways so pay, already showered and onto the main event.
Some light kissing as we undress, her breasts are a highlight, wonderful and about the right firmness for her age,we touch each other but even at this early stage it was more a robotic experience for her, very much going through the motions...so we undress and I spend time on her breasts before going down for some good daty. And I figure this is going to be a boring session so may as well spend most time on something I enjoy so for a good 20 min I east her out, she was wet, no issues there, it was more the lack of body responce.

So after this she gives some OK head, not good not the worse but again motions...about 10 min of head before on with the sperm bag and I climb about, figured may as well get it done and get her out for a furious 5 min fucking before I blow, she let's me pump for a while before its done. She gets up clinical like and dresses , no afterglow cuddle nothing. Very sterile session.

On her way out, she said I hope you had fun, I said not really, you don't really provide much fun at all and said bye.
All in all while I dumped a load, ate nice pussy, I think this girl could be even half decent if she just gave pleasure....or even knew what it meant to be a sex provider, very clinical, sterile & boring. Save you money pay $100 at the local Asians in town & have the same experience, and now that is saying something.

Avoid.

P4P


