Thread Title: Mia - Toowoomba - 0434 028 126
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th April 2016, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Mia - Toowoomba - 0434 028 126
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : Private Outcall only. Toowoomba

Date of Visit : 8/4/2016

Contact Details/Address/  http://toowoomba.locanto.com.au/ID_7...alls-only.html

Hours of Business : nights

Rates : $250 hour GFE

Age : Mid 30

Size/shape : Solid but shapely. Curvy not BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Experience: was visiting Toowoomba for work and wanted a bit of fun. Called a few ladies to see who was available. Mia sounded really nice on the phone so I decided to make a booking for that evening. Her pictures on her ad are of her but are from a few years back. She is a little larger. Not a BBW but was cuddly and shapely.

Mia turned up on time and was very friendly and made you feel at ease quite quickly. I was pleasantly surprised. You could have a conversation and she genuinely seemed interested in you and what you wanted.

Agter a little while we began to undress each other. Mia's bust is ample. A little sag due to age, but nice. We lay on the bed and start to explore each others bodies. Lots of kissing (lips) and fondling. I then started to rub her clit and finger her. She was going off. Then two fingers and then that plus rubbing her clit. She came three times while doing this and she was constantly reaching for my cock and playing with my balls. The more she went off the deeper the DFK became. She was a horny, horny woman. 

Once she calmed down, she kissed me all over, placed on the Dom and began a CBJ. She didn't go deep but there was lots of licking, tongue flicking and and ball licking. There was also the odd rubbing on her breasts, nipples and body. Quite enjoyable. 

She then hopped on Cowgirl and started the action. She is very sexual and kept grinding then riding all the time French kissing and cumming. We went Mish and doggie and side saddle. After half an hour I couldn't wait anymore and I blew in the bag. Just as I lay down her buzzer went off. Good timing. We lay there and chatted for a while. Mia was in no mood to leave. She had cum several times and was just getting back to her normal self.

I went to have a shower and Mia followed. We said our goodbyes and she left.

I had a really good time and would recommend Mia.


