Thread Title: Michelle - Brisbane - 0435 081 790
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th March 2020, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: Mogreen
Post Title: 
 Michelle - Brisbane - 0435 081 790
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10 March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Mistie/

Phone : 0435081790 

Hours of Business : 8 to 4

Rates : 100 for a body rub 30 mins with body slides front and back and sensual ending

Age : 40s 

Size/shape : 10 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : body rub

Value for money/recommend? : yeah nah not for me

My experience/comments : my recent bad luck seems to continue on. Again ended up in north lakes and had tried to get michelle some time back but couldnt get hold. She texted back but i was in the city by then and we agreed on a time and ever since natali point has been missing in action, i thought i ll travel and see if she can replace natali. Gave the street name and i went there and texted her. No response. she said she is running a bit behind so i thought i ll wait. bloody hell she responds back after an hour. since it was around lunch i was still around closeby. so decided to go and see her. parked up and she is a bit too old for my liking. took me the the living room where the massage table is there, asked me to strip and lie down. it seems the table is made of wood without cushioning. was bit too hard. was wondering how body slides happen in that but she was quite small and table is a bit wide so it works. 

the usual rubdown and like asians she makes noises  which i found funny and wanted to laugh but good for effort. body slide was again a lacklustre effort and with noises. then within 10 mins all done with rub and body slides, then comes tickling which was quite okay and i did get a bit excited, asked to turn around and she tickled a bit more till i was hard and took a dom, i was confused and with the way things were going thought she does the HJ with the dom but luckily not, gave a standard Bj which was not the best but still okay. after a minute she took it off and gave a hj. at one point in the bj i did think she may jump on top and would be good but didnt happen. any how nice boobs and solid nipples but bit of skin on the tummy which was not a good sight in an otherwise okay body for her age. asked to go harder to which she obliged and i came. no shower afterwards just a warm towel rub which leaves the oil still there. i didnt say anything as i was going back home but then the wierdest thing, as i was getting ready she sprays glenn 20 all over the room even to the side where i was and though i can understand the corona shit going around basic manners would be to do it after i left. 

i dont know if i want to be there again. maybe for someone else who clicks with her (closer to her age or so) but not defenitely me. My quest continues.


