Thread Title: Mikayla Laville - Gold Coast - 0434 525 684
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd December 2013, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: tedmosby
Post Title: 
 Mikayla Laville - Gold Coast - 0434 525 684
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mikayla Laville

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : 15/11/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434525684

Hours of Business : By Appointment

Rates : $450 60mins

Age : 21-25

Size/shape : Toned, Natural C - Stunning

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full Service - Natural BJ, DFK, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Well worth it!

My experience/comments :

Simply Beautiful. My entire experience with Mikayla left me wanting more. As soon as she stepped into the room the thought of things to come kept running through my head. I guess i was nervous and she thought she could tell but she was able to calm me down. We started off with a bit of chatter, I was able to relax until she slipped her hand down my pants. Things then started to unravel in more ways than one. Next thing she was going down on me, never could I imagine something more pleasing to watch and feel. Caressing her long hair it was getting to a point where things had to slow down. We swapped roles and I was down on her. I made my way back up, got dressed down there and engaging in missionary before she took over. Ridding cowgirl, I couldn't hold it and released deep inside her before she collapsed into my arms engaging in some more conversation and stroking her body all round before our time came to an end. 

I will leave it at that cause its something that you will need to experience for yourself.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th June 2014, 12:06 AM
Poster ID: rcr22
Post Title: 
 Mikayla Laville - Gold Coast - 0434 525 684
				
Post Content: 
Name :  Mikayla Laville

Establishment :  Private

Contact Details/Address:   miki.laville@gmail.com   (SMS ONLY) 0434525684

Rates : $450 ph ($1,100 for the session)

Age :  24/25 

Size/shape : Long brunette, Slim, Toned, size 10, with spectacular natural C's

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? :  YES.

My experience/comments :
First came across Mikayla a while ago and made a note. Managed to tee up a slot and WOW, an amazing session ensued an hour was just so unfair and left me wanting more. Found myself in her neck of the woods again and made arrangements.

Appointed hour finally was greeted like an ol friend, but with some underlying tension. Dinner, great conversation, a few glasses of wine and it was time to make things interesting. DFK, and little rcr was getting very interested in proceedings.

Mikayla was soon reduced to some spectacular lingerie. No disrespect but she would look sensational in a paper bag. Pretty soon things were escalating rapidly. Won't go into the gory details however suffice to say a great time was had by all. From the stimulating conversation, to her little whimpering sounds, her obviously fantastic bod, one is just left breathless.

Several hours and a couple of rounds later, as we both had early starts, sadly it was time for her to leave :-( Walked her to her car,  a quick kiss and she was off into the night.

Several thoughts are etched into my mind. Her beautiful smile, view of her riding (reverse CG), look on her face as she reaches the point of no return.

A true GFE. That said, as with any experience, there must be a connection. With Mikayla, its there in spades.

I await our next meeting with bated breath. There will be a next meeting.... Now to ensure the stars align. Doing my jig to help it along as I hastily write this :-)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st July 2014, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have always wanted to see this girl. Glad you enjoyed yourself. Good work


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st July 2014, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by milkyjoe


Have always wanted to see this girl. Glad you enjoyed yourself. Good wor
"""



Milkjoe, you have the mobile number and email, give her a call, book a session and post a review of your experience; based on rcr22's experience it would be money well spent but YMMV of course as always.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd July 2014, 09:03 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unfortunately she is a Gold Coast/Brisbane girl I am pretty sure and when she has toured nsw I have been out of town.


