Thread Title: Mimi - Sunshine Coast - 0417 336 844
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th October 2019, 08:58 AM
Poster ID: mycanon
Post Title: 
 Mimi - Sunshine Coast - 0417 336 844
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Mimi  (mimthaigoddess)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 26 Oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.mimithaigoddess.com/

Phone : 0417 336 844

Hours of Business : 24 hrs

Rates : 120/ half hr  160 for 45mins and 200 for 1 hour

Age : Milf - 40+

Size/shape : Voluptuous, Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai, caramel skin

Services Provided : massage, Cbj, fs, toys

Value for money/recommend? : Good value, WIR Yes

My experience/comments : 
Seen Mimi several times over the last few years. One of the travelling girls who works a limited circuit - Brisbane, Toowoomba and Sunshine Coast, but Melbourne based.  Normally I get to catch her on the Sunshine Coast every couple of months.  She is a very nice lady, chatty and personable.  She is a true Milf, somewhere in the 40+ age, but like a lot of Thai women, hides it very well.  She is also naturally very big busted with real EE cups and voluptuously curvy without being fat.  Seen her ad on finda to show she was in town.  Called and setup early appointment, rocked up to her tidy greek resort in Alex Heads (always stays here and avoids the over population of asian hookers in other grand places).  On arrival kiss and hugged on greeting, then straight into shower together , which is always nice to make sure both private bits are fresh and clean. Gave her lower regions a good clean and rinse then sucked on those huge titties and enjoyed some DATY and gave her a good rimming which she always enjoys.   Dried off and into bedroom.  Got her to kneel on bed and repeated the ass eating and DATY for a while.  Then got her to reciprocate with a nice BJ while we both watched ourselves in the big wardrobe mirror doors.  Something I've learned is that she is a little vain and does like to be told she is pretty and attractive, which to me she is.  She also likes to watch herself during sessions, which I find a bit of a turn on.

I got her to turn around after a good BJ and I took her doggy and again we watched in the mirror as I pounded her and watched her huge tits swinging and slapping around.  Then she said it was her turn, so we swapped positions and she put on a strapon with plenty of nuru lube and then took me. She is always gentle but seems to enjoy this part of the sessions.  After doing this for a while, she got me to lay on my back and she used the strapon again with my legs in the air while she used the nuru oil to tug on my old feller and I got to play with those titties.

She then switched positions again,  and got on cowboy.  By this stage I was very hard and horny and had to stop myself from finishing too quickly.  Again she is a woman with a very tight pussy and knows how to use it.  After about 10 mins I blew with a good result.  Cleaned up and just lay on the bed curled up and chatted for a while before jumping back into shower together to finish.

I always book and pay for a 1 hour session because I like the time spent and it is always a no rush service and she spends time chatting about lots of interesting stuff.  I have even seen her a few times in Melbourne when I have been on work trips.  She does not work in Melbourne, her home town, but will see regulars who are visiting.  

Overall you get a good value for money, old fashioned service and always leave with a smile on my face.


