Thread Title: Mirra - Brisbane CBD - 0475 410 932
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2017, 06:51 AM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: 
 Mirra - Brisbane CBD - 0475 410 932
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mirra

Establishment : Private in CBD

Date of Visit : 13/05/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_12...-Farewell.html 

Ph 0475 410 932

Hours of Business : Txt to confirm

Rates : $400 an hour

Age : young

Size/shape : a cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Oz

Services Provided : FS, Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes!

My experience/comments :

By a stroke of my good fortunes I was able to secure a booking last minute with the lovely Mirra before she left town. She is from the Coast and periodically travel to Brisbane for work.

As above, she is a great sexy beach babe who has kept very fit. She is a true MILF

It was such a relief, as other punters would know, to see the same girl as in the photos. She is hot and sexy. After the finances were taken care of, off to show I went.

Her flexibility, genuine attitude were what really made this encounter great. She does a 'special massage' which really get the old fella going, it did for me at least. Her flexibility allowed us to have a new take of an traditional experience, eg the traditional missionary, she was able to get her legs basically behind her head to allow a really deep penetration. Some thing of a first for me.

There is one negative or more seek fellow punters' advice/experience as I don't want to jump to conclusions. That is, she did have a very dark circle marking on her left forearm. Not underneath but rather the top (ie back of the hand). It is about the size of a cigarette tip. I have never come across a cigarette burn/D&D user before so don't know what the markings look like nor am I suggest/implying anything here. It was an observation that i made as I was lying next to her after the session. And would like some clarification.

Has any other punter notice this before or know what this could be?

Apart from that minor observation it was a great punt.

Would I return? If I can be sure what that marking is, yes 100%.

She is a great girl so treat her accordingly.

Cheers

CG


