Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th October 2013, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Miss Monty - Cairns / Townsville - 0415 968 942
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monty 

Establishment : Private hotel room

Date of Visit : 28/09/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415 968 942 / http://www.angrypeanut.com/monty/stats-and-info/ / www.facebook.com/MotleyInk

Hours of Business : Give her a call, i think she works at night and day

Rates : 150 30 mins and 250 for the hour- sometimes has specials on website 

Age : 26

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS, anal, cbj, daty 

Value for money/recommend? : Yep and yep and hell yep

My experience/comments : 

In cairns again and a little hotty is up visting from towsnville where she usually works. I give her a call and sort out a time. i am very excited as i had seen her pics and knew what i was expecting which always takes away from the not so good suprises sometimes we get. I send her msg telling her how excited i am for our booking but she unfortunatley has to move the booking back two hours, She did so in lots of time so i wasnt waiting aound in town for her and i was happy to wait.

I arrive on time and she gives me the room number and i walk up to the room. I open to the door at this stage i am very horny and very excited and also very nervous, It had been quite some time since i have had a punt with a girl i havent seen before, (new girl), she could tell i was nervous and was very accomadating and we chatted for a bit and got to know eachother, she was so friendly and was dressed in a casual outfit but looked so smoking hot.

I showered and came back into the room where we talked some more and she asked if i wanted to have my dick sucked, i was more than happy to. so on went the condom and she sucked and sucked, like a champ, deepthroat, and facefucking, she loved when i grabbed her head and fucked her little pretty face, it was so hot!

she continues to suck me off and i had a view of her amazing huge natural tits and most incrediable ass and pretty pussy, I play with her pussy a bit. And had to put my tounge in there. I lick and sucked her pussy for a while and honestly could of set up camp down there for days, very beautiful and tasty. then she jumps on and rides me cowgirl. the sight of her tits bouncing right infront of my eyes was something so spectacular but i knew i wanted to see that ass and we moved into doggy where i pounded away at her pussy for ages, She was very responsive and genuinly enjoying it with moans and screams, you can tell she loves sex. i pound away until im literally on top of her banging as hard as a hammer. 

I ask her to roll over and into missionary so i can give her some more of my cock and look at her tits, i pound away and I really wanted to cum on her tits so i pulled out and asked if i could and she was more than happy to take a warm load on her big tits, I lay one off all over her tits and i had an amazing climax and felt like i was in heaven. we cleaned up and chatted a bit more and i was on my way as happy as ever.

Overall: The adrenaline of seeing a new girl and her being smoking hot was such a turn on. She definatley put some spark and hope back into my punting after taking a break and almost forgetting how good some girls are. after a few bad runs this was awesome awakening. Her big natural tits if you are a tit man are amazing, some of the best, her ass also, one of the best i have seen, she is not fat at all but with the most amazing curves, dream girl. Her pussy is tight and a beautiful sight. Most pussies are pretty but she truly has a pretty pussy. She is friendly, easy going and happy. She also offers anal and if i ever see her again which i plan on i hope to take this opportunity up.  

Should mention she has a fair few tattoos and piercings if thats not your thing to bad but if it is she is for you. If its not your thing and your a tit or ass man then try put that aside. she is so friendly and cheeky and not what you might expect from someone with so many tattoos.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th October 2013, 11:57 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by milkyjoe


Person's Name : Monty 
.
.
Overall: The adrenaline of seeing a new girl and her being smoking hot was such a turn on. She definatley put some spark and hope back into my punting after taking a break and almost forgetting how good some girls are. after a few bad runs this was awesome awakening. ..
"""



Good review milkyjoe.

It's good to be surprised for the right reasons when punting.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th October 2013, 09:57 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Heading up that way end of November, one to keep in the phone just incase I feel the need to spurge on some sex.

Great Review.


