Thread Title: Miss Eden - Ashmore - 0402 019 016
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd November 2016, 10:51 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Miss Eden - Ashmore - 0402 019 016
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miss Eden

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Oct 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?Cum 2 Garden of Ms EDEN ?Deliciously Sweet & Tasty ?GC's SEXIEST COUGARESS ?100 % Genuine - Gold Coast escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : says she works most days

Rates : Prices vary a lot. I went for GFE + PSE for an hour $400

Age : 40. Probably mid 40's

Size/shape : size 10. Beautiful body and face. Pictures in the add are of her. Slight breast enhancement. I think to fight sag. Not the large balloon type enhancement.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Seductive and raunchy full service

Value for money/recommend? : yes. Yes. YES

Visiting the GC and noticed Edens add. She looked great and contacting her was easy. I made an evening appointment and confirmed with her as I was leaving to visit. No problems.

I knocked on her door ( she operates from her home) and I was greeted by a sexy lady in pink lingerie and high heels. I also noticed she had no panties. A quick chat and a sip of some Kahlua and she was straight into the DFK. We interspersed this with the removal of clothes and more Kahlua. Suddenly. Eden gets a mouthful of Kahlua and starts a BBBJ, on her knees, with the Kahlua in her mouth. She then swallows and starts to lick the Kahlua of my cock.

She comes up for more DFK. I raise her leg and start to play with her clit and the edges of her Vagina. She likes this and after she nearly jumps up on me she is coming. She then leads me to the bed and throws me down with my legs hanging over the edge. She then crawls over and starts more BBBJ. 

After a while I cannot take anymore and I pick her up and start to fondle her breasts and I suck as I play with her clit and then I start DATY. She purrs that she loves this and asks me to kiss her. She licks her juices from my face and pushes my head down again. I continue as her clit engorged and I then lick and finger her and tickle her anus. She starts to rock and screams she loves it. Suck my clit, Suck my clit, she says. I suck and probe and finger and she goes off. I come up for air and she grabs me and kisses me and licks her cum from my face. I am so turned on.

Eden then starts another BJ and places the condom on with her mouth. Her deepthroating is magnificent. I believe she has had her tonsils removed.

We then start with cowgirl and then Mish. her body is fantastic. I go side saddle and she coos that she loves it this way. Her arse is splendid. We side saddle. I finger her arse and she fondles my balls. We then go doggie. She looks great. Her arse is something to behold. All the while pounding in and out and having my finger going in and out of her arse. Fuck me. ( Anal would be on offer for extra money)

I wanted to finish so we went back to having her on top. I was pumping and fingering. She was licking my ear and cooing I should fuck her harder and make her cum. So I did. I exploded and she kept tightening her pussy around me to get out more. We just lay there afterwards for a couple of minutes. I finally withdrew and got a cleanup.

I went off to shower and she followed me. She did not hop in but did help to wash me. We kept chatting and she kept going in for the package. We had already gone an hour and I did not think I cold muster another load. After  holding back for so long, I blew a fair bit and was spent. I said that we had gone over the hour. She told me that was fine and I was welcome to stay. I did and we chatted and had another drink.

I finally left a very happy man. She was magnificent. No bullshit ad. True pictures and a lady that knows what she is doing. If I could move to the GC for work I would and I would spend every spare cent I had visiting this lady.


