Thread Title: Moki - Sunnybank - 0406 826 747
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: Sparkplug
Post Title: 
 Moki - Sunnybank - 0406 826 747
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Moki or Mogi

Establishment : 5 Comley st Sunnybank Qld (Private Residence)

Date of Visit : 23/10/15

Contact Details : 0406 826 747
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_56...Sunnybank.html

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates :
Full body relaxation : Erotic & Sensual Nude Body Massage, Sexy Body Slides and Hand Relief: 
$70 - 30 mins
$100 - 45 mins 
$130 - 60 mins 

Full service :include kissing,oral,massage,sex (girlfriend experience)
$120 - 30 mins
$160 - 45 mins
$200 - 60 mins 

Age : Ad said she's 23, but I can tell she's closer to 40 or even older.

Size/shape : I reckon she'd be a size 8-10 medium build. B cup bolt-on's. A tiny bit flabby around the stomach area but defifntely not fat. Fairly tall and straight figure with wide hips. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: She says she's Thai but I reckon that's total bullshit, unless she's come from Chinese stock and grew up in Thailand. I've seen so many asian women and she's as Chinese as they come, even has a Chinese accent when speaking. This kind of deception shits me when it's so obvious to me where they come from. She would have to be the most Chinese looking Thai girl I have seen in my life, and I've seen....bloody hell, i couldn't even begin to count!

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, 69, FS, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Hmmmm, so-so. Probably won't be back.

My experience/comments :

Ok, so I'm out of retirement due being single  Have been for a few months. Been punting for the last few months actually, but decided it's about time to post a review and stop lurking around the forum . 

So I'm going about my fairly standard Friday arvo ritual, due to it being payday, scanning through Locanto, Backpage and what not. Friday is always my day where I treat myself to a bit of pussy. And justifiably so in my book.  What punter wouldn't want their cock sucked and get to pound some vag at the end of a hard week's work? I know I fuckin do!!! 

Well on this particular occasion I chose Thai from the menu. Got through to her on the first phone call, and setting up a 30 min session was easy enough, only had a 30 minute wait before I could head over. 

While I was driving to her house I fantasized about being greeted at the door by a gorgeous, sunkissed, petite Thai strumpet, hungry for my cock, and wanting to climb all over me! I wanted an encounter with a girl that looked like those girls straight out of Asian Street Meat or Trike Patrol. Most of the time in my experience, fantasy is never going to be a reality :/ Certainly wasn't in this case 

Was greeted at the door by the whitest skinned, most Chinese looking Thai girl I have ever seen......ever!!! I half expected it to be honest. It's always the norm when browsing the personal services ads, rarely is the blurb about the girl ever true. I decided to give her a shot anyway, as she wasn't toooooo bad on the eye and seemed to have an alright body hiding under the red lingerie she was wearing.

She leads me into the room, I give her the cash, she pisses off to go put the money away while I get naked. She's saying something but I'm not really taking notice. The only words that get my ears to prick up at the mention of is "suck", "fuck", "anal", and yeah that's about it. Heard the same bullshit from WL's millions of times before. Don't get me wrong though, I'm never rude to them. I'm always very polite and gentle with them. I just don't retain much of what they say.

Into the nitty gritty. She offers a masage first, which I politely refuse. I'm there to fuck, not get massaged. I'll go see a ML if I want a massage. I don't want half of my "Cock in Pussy" time taken up by a useless massage. I lie down on the bed and she fondles me a little bit, enough to get me hard enough for the dom to go on so she begin her fairly average and normal CBJ. I asked her for a 69 which she obliged and hopped straight onto my face without any further encouragement. Her pussy was very clean and there was no taste of residual lube left behind from another punter. I can't stand it if I can taste lube from another punters session, totally puts me off and I'll stop licking immediately. Spent about 5 mins in 69, before we went to missionary. Was quite nice with her legs hooked over my biceps giving her a deep pounding. It's my fav position because it offers the best view IMO. I get the best of everything from this angle, my cock sliding in and out, her tits moving back and forth, and that moan and look on their face when you pound a little bit too deep and yet they still love it. Tried doggy for a bit, and then back to mish.

We were aproaching the time and I asked if I could blow on her tits, to which she said yes. I ripped off the dom and positioned myself to unload over her. She rubbed my balls and arse crack to help me along. I let rip across her chest, sperm flying everywhere. I so would have loved her suck me at that moment, just to squeeze out every last bit of extacy, but wasn't gonna happen. I sat back, while she cleaned the both of us with a towel. I asked to take a shower. She really didn't have much interest in chit chat after that, nor did I. I cleaned up and got readly to leave. As I left the bathroom she was nowhere to be found. I made my way to the front door to see her and another older woman wearing lingerie talking in the lounge room. I stood there next to the front door for about 10 seconds completely un-noticed. I had to say "Bye, I'm going now", before she came over to say goodbye. A bit rude I thought not to escort your customer to the door to say goodbye, rather just letting them find their own way out.

So all in all it was a fairly average experience. It was what it was. I rented a chicks holes to stick my dick into basically, and it was as exciting as that sounds.  Moki is certainly not sexy or "Thai" enough for my liking, for me to get wildly excited about fucking her.  If I want Thai again I'll go see Jessica in Crestmead. Now's she's a tidy little Thai milf thats just oozing with sexiness!!


