Thread Title: Molly - Gold Coast - 0450 308 739
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd February 2010, 01:37 PM
Poster ID: slim shady
Post Title: 
 Molly - Gold Coast - 0450 308 739
				
Post Content: 
Hi guys, my 1st review.  I saw Molly in regional QLD in January 2010 when she was on tour.  She hails from the Gold Coast and has a page on www.goldcoastescorts.com.au  I had checked out this site before seeing her and was attracted to her photos and her self-admitted kinkiness so I was a little disappointed when it actually came time to see her.  She is a considerably bigger girl than the photos on the website allude to, none of the shapely curves that I thought I would be getting.  

On the plus side, she is quite a friendly lass, very chatty and full of dirty talk.  Says she loves porn and golden showers, although I didn't venture down that path, nor did I try greek which she also told me she partakes in.  We had a fun time although I did have some difficulty breathing whilst daty - she is indeed larger than I am used to.  At $200 for the hour it was reasonable value, though I won't be venturing back, if only she was as those photos suggested.

She does visit Brisbane regularly, is based on the Gold Coast as I said, and tours up the QLD coast as well.

That's all folks,
Slim


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd February 2010, 02:55 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi slim shady and thanks for posting your first review of what we hope will be many.

Bear with me while I bronze your member and give to the key to the lick-her cabinet....

s.o.o.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th August 2010, 10:23 AM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just chiming in to say that I concur with this review. I've also seen Irish Molly and can confirm that she is much bigger than the photos suggest and I didn't find her that attractive (and I like BBW). However, she is a sexpot and very interested in keeping you happy, so worth a try once to see what you think, just remember that she puts the "B" in BBW!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th September 2010, 06:58 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Prices: 200 p/h

Age: early 40s / late 30s

Size/shape: bbw

Nationality or Ethnicity: Irish 

Services: standard , does Greek 

Value for money/recommend?: entertaining and kinky bbw

My experience/comments: I saw Molly over a year ago and found her to be a pleasant sex pot. Unfortunately I experienced the same disappointment of high expectations being shattered once I saw her in person. Her photos show firm sexy curves but there is more hail damage and rolls in reality. She is very cheeky. I discovered Greek was available after noticing the shitty skid marks on the white sheets. I made it a quick session thinking of with the little head! 

My experience wasn't the best and I wouldn't go back. Although I am sure she shines in many other punters eyes. You could do plenty worse.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th November 2010, 12:46 AM
Poster ID: prince10
Post Title: 
 Irish Molly from GC Ph  0450308739
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:Irish Molly

Contact Details/Address: goldcoastescorts.com.au

Prices: I paid $ 400 for 2 hours

Age: mid 30

Size/shape: 12

Nationality or Ethnicity: Irish

Services: BJ,ROLE PLAY

Value for money/recommend?: She was a very friendly girl and was very accommodating and sweet

My experience/comments: I caught up with Molly recently in GC who advertises on goldcoastescorts.com.au I alway like busty women specially around late 30's. Anyway, We meet at surfers and then went to my apt , there we had a glass of wine and started some cheeky talks, later on she gave me a nice bj and I got of on her soft white boobs. She was a very friendly girl and was very accommodating. Nice time. paid $400 for the 2 hours. Love to meet her again for sure during my Christmas holidays


