Thread Title: Monica - Coomera (On Tour) - 0481 967 356
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th May 2017, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: 
 Monica - Coomera (On Tour) - 0481 967 356
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 4th May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : LAST NIGHT Monica??Aussie babe 0481 967 356 - Gold Coast escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates : Various. I paid $150 h/h inc. anal and cim

Age : 40

Size/shape : Average Build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES/YES

My experience/comments : 

I had an itch I wanted to scratch, but didn't want to travel too far, so when I found Monica on backpage in Coomera, offering the set of services she does, I knew she was the one! Apparently she is currently on tour and originally from Melbourne, but plans to come back here once a month or so, so best to keep an eye out for her ad; was certainly nice to see somebody on the north end of the coast! Anyway, I tried her from around 9am but didn't have much luck at first. I thought I was screwed (or not, as the case may be), but her phone rang when I tried it after lunch and then she texted me back. Word of warning, she texted a text that was clearly from an escort, so be careful if that doesn't work for you! Once she texted we worked out the terms pretty quickly and I basically went straight over, she was staying at the Coomera Motor Inn so it was the usual arrive, text for room number, wait nervously, then go up, but it all worked okay.

When I got upstairs and she opened to door, she was as in the photos (that's her), but they are clearly taken from good angles! She is definitely a 40 year old "housewife" (as she said later), so if that doesn't suit you then she's not for you. But I was happy to go forward, so I went in, did the health check and the shower, and then met her back on the bed.

The experience itself was interesting. She started by rubbing my cock, but she was making pointless conversation at the same time (why do escorts do this?), so he struggled to come to attention. After a few minutes though she leaned in and started sucking, and that solved both problems pretty quickly! As she sucked I played with her legs and she eventually took her underwear off and I rubbed her and fingered her pussy; although once I started doing this she got a bit distracted from her own task. She was clearly enjoying herself though, so when she suggested a condom and rolled it on, I went with it, and also went with her jumping on top. Again, it was clear she was enjoying herself so I just let her have a good time, and enjoyed her moaning and panting on top of me. Eventually she started to get me close and I told her so, so she sped up and I strongly suspect we both came at the same time! Then she rolled off, took the condom off and we relaxed on the bed for a few minutes before I got up and made my exit.

Overall, I actually really enjoyed the experience. It was not what I thought I'd get when I arrived, but the whole thing felt like "real life" in a way that I actually really enjoyed. I met a girl at a motel and fucked her, and it didn't feel like an escort visit, just a regular girl next door enjoying herself. Perhaps next time I'll look to go for more of the extras than this time, but I'd be happy to have the same again, a nice relaxed fuck with a horny housewife. If that sort of thing suits you too, I'd suggest giving Monica a call!


