Thread Title: Monica - Mackay - 0467 020 205 - 0467020205
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th October 2016, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: agsy
Post Title: 
 Monica - Mackay - 0467 020 205 - 0467020205
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 01/10/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Found her ad on Locanto; pics are real If a few years old) - http://mackay.locanto.com.au/ID_9468...arantee-20.htm She works from a unit in South Mackay.

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : 120-30; 200-60 - full service

Age : Says 20 in her advert; I'd say mid 30s

Size/shape : Short, slim, natural tits-B-cup?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage; FS; DATY; CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
So I have been in Mackay almost four years. The punting scene is pretty poor up here. Very hit and miss - mostly miss. Nothing like the quality or price back home in Sydney. Most are Asian WLs after a quick buck - only here for a week or two - who won't allow any tit play or DATY; or are high quality (=high $s) caucs from Brisbane or further south. Best places I've used to find a WL are in local paper (Daily Mercury) or Locanto.

Anyhow, about a month ago I found Monica's ad on Locanto. I called and arranged a time. She works from her unit (bonus she is living here!). I've since been back a few more times.

She'd only be 5'6"; long black hair; is slim-athletic; has a couple of tats (on her thigh and a whale-tail); a nice firm set of B-cups; and a nicely trimmed pussy (just a tiny landing strip). Not a stunner, but far from being unattractive. She definitely isn't 20, but that isn't a huge problem for me.

She works from the spare bedroom of her unit; a simple double bed with a massage table at one end of the room.

Most punts have played out the same - with the exception of positions - so I will talk about my most recent visit. It was a mid- Saturday arvo; I negotiated $280 for 90 minutes.

I was ushered into her spare room; I handed over money and she took it out of the room. (A shower is always offered - I declined as I had one before coming over).

Monica is always dressed in a bikini - which I prefer her to keep on - as I like to remove it. Anyways straight into some kissing (lips only) and feeling each other up. I remove her top and spend a good 10 minutes sucking on her tits - she's got great nipples; while she plays with the old fella. We move onto the bed and I slowly move down for some DATY. A nice tight little pussy - very tasty - and she (I think) does get into it. After a while I ask her to put the dom on, and she sucks for a few minutes - not the best BJ ever.

This visit I sat on the bed and she straddled me, grinding away for a few minutes while I massage her ass and take a mouthful of nipple. I lay back on the bed and she bounces a few times before I ask her to turn around for reverse cowgirl. We go on like this for a while before finishing in missionary. After a quick clean up - she goes for a piss. I check my watch and we're at about 45 minutes.

We lay on the bed and cuddle and talk for a while.

Without prompting, Monica moves back down and starts work on bringing the old fella back to life. It took a while - eventually it was a brief bit of BBBJ (only time) which made it happen. I went for some more missionary then from behind; eventually filling another dome.

All in all, another quality punt. By far the best I've had here. Monica is a good find. Hope she sticks around.

Some other comments: her English is 100%, she can easily hold a conversation; she arrived about a month ago from Sydney - she was living in Leichhardt; she does have a habit of answering her phone / checking texts which I find really annoying.

Agsy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 11:01 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by agsy


Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 01/10/2016

....................................

Ags
"""
 


Agsy, good to see you back reviewing after such a long absence.


