Thread Title: Monica - Southport - 0450 703 128
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th February 2013, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: 
 Monica - Southport - 0450 703 128
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : Private residence

Date of Visit : 26 Feb 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450703128 GC Bullitin ad 'Filipino Monica, 21, new to town....'

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : 100/30

Age : mid to late 30's

Size/shape : 5'2" and sort of round

Nationality or Ethnicity : Filipino

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Thought I would try someone a bit closer to home so I looked through the Bulletin. A large ad I had seen over the last week or so took my fancy. The main features of the ad I liked were: 21yo, great body, size6, 38DD, very pretty and they were not too far away. I had visions of a nice little filipino student so I made the call. I turn up, the apartment was a holiday rental and ok but I soon realised everything else in the ad was wrong - other than the phone number and suburb... I should have run away. Anyway I was thinking it cant be that bad lets see what happens. After the preliminaries we nude up and she starts trying to awaken the little man who is a little scared at this point. After a bit he wakes up enough to put a CD on for a CBJ. She was actually quite good at this and spent some time on it - no teeth, got me going dispite my inner revulsion. Then onto the action. Again she was pretty good at this and I didn't have any trouble finishing, however a large part of my brain was saying lets finish this and get out of here. 

So, I am not a happy punter. I stupidly thought something in the ad might actually be true. I am going away to alternate between beating myself and learning to say 'sorry, you don't look anything like your ad, I am leaving'. Until I learn that properly I am going to stick to the one girl I found who is lovely and for variety see some who have been reviewed!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th February 2013, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mate,

Thanks for the post, but I am a bit confused, I think you have told us more good stuff than bad stuff.  I know my grandmother would say "if you cannot say anything nice, do not say anything at all".  My grandmother would be proud of you.






 Originally Posted by madcow50


After a bit he wakes up enough to put a CD on for a CBJ. She was actually quite good at this and spent some time on it - no teeth, got me going dispite my inner revulsion. 







 Originally Posted by madcow50


Then onto the action. Again she was pretty good at this and I didn't have any trouble finishing


So what was the real nature of the problem?

Cheers


Chalk


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th February 2013, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, I do have trouble emphasising the bad. My issues were that she was nothing like advertised. Mid to late 30's instead of 18. Not attractive, slim, pretty or have a great body imo. Normally I enjoy closeness, intimacy, DATY but couldn't bring myself to even consider these. While I say she was pretty good at the above she obviously had plenty of practice at getting the job done. She did her job, I got out of there. I didn't enjoy the experience and wouldn't consider returning.


