Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th January 2016, 08:57 AM
Poster ID: ducati996guy
Post Title: 
 Moolooabah / Alexandra Headlands Holiday Punt
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Serena

Establishment : room in Grand Palais Beachside Resort

Date of Visit : Jan 29th

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : I am pretty sure it was a queensland times classified in the personals, but cannot find now

Hours of Business : day and night I think

Rates : $120 / half hour

Age : Late 40's but asian so hard to tell

Size/shape : Think Asian, mid sized breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore, part spanish. Does have a trace of european accent

Services Provided : Full

Value for money/recommend? : umm... Yes 

My experience/comments : 

Being on holiday in Mooloolabah I was in need and went looking through the local press. Firstly the prices up here (I am from Sydney) seem to be much higher. Most girls are asking $150/half hour for full services. I also noticed a range of girls offering massage with happy ending for the same price. A bit of sticker shock after the prices in Artarmon.

Found an advert that looked promising and the rate was $120 a half. Sent and SMS and got a reply reasonably quickly. Organised to meet and was directed to the Grand Palais Beachside Resort and told to message on arrival. I got to the front of the building and texted to get a response, please wait I will call you. I assume she was busy with another punter and had to hang around for 20 mins.

Eventually got a call to say come up to room blah. Headed past the reception (I hate these kind of setups) and got the lift to the 1st floor. Found the room and knocked. An older asian lady who in her day must of been very pretty greeted me and showed me into the room. Room was a 2 bedroom apartment and it appeared we were alone. She did have a great figure with mid sized breasts. Amazing the BMI of asian girls.

She did the commerce but and I handed over the cash. Then she tells me to lay on the bed. I ask about a shower first and she is like "oh, ok". Hmmm.. Not liking this bit as shower should be the first thing IMHO.

She then takes me to the shower and gives me a clean towel. Being a holiday apartment there is a washing machine and dryer in the room and there is a real production line going on for washing. This girls appears to have got extra towels, linen etc and is obviously cycling through it during her work day. There was a big packet of washing powder on the bench and a few things in the machine. Next to the dryer was some folder towels and sheets. A good operator I am thinking.

After the shower she hands me a towel and while I was in the shower she had lost her clothes. A bit of a disappointment as I like to undress the girl, but no matter. She tells me to lay on the bed and she will give me a massage first. I like this order of massage and then sex as it feels nicer than the girls who just get straight to it like it is a task to complete.

The massage was great, and she used oil which a lot of girls don't do. She must have some training cause she talked through where the tight spots were, made sure it wasnt too hard or soft and generally did a great job on the massage. So much so I was tempted to tell her to extend so I could have a full hour. I didnt really have that much time so kept my mouth shut and just enjoyed.

After a while she tells me to roll over and grabs a dom, puts on with her mouth and then starts to give me an ordinary blow job. At no time did any more than the top 25% of my cock get in her mouth. This lasted for a few minutes then she asks "u wnat me on top or u on top". I start with me on top and it feels great. Much better than the blow job. She starts to move and get into it and we start really working well together. 

Then I ask her to roll over and we start doing doggy. This also was super. The girl has a very nice pussy which fitted me perfectly. 

Soon after I cum and she doesnt do what some girls do and want to get it out immediately. I was able to stay inside and move a little more just to get that last bit of pleasure. After a bit, I pull out and she does the tissue thing to get rid of the dom. Then takes me to the shower. I wash quickly and dry off, when I get back into the room she has stripped the bed and is remaking it. This girl is organised and clean. I still dont get why she didnt offer me a shower on first arrival as we chat about her routine and she is scrupulous about sheets and towels being clean.

Anyway she says she lives overseas and comes to Australian beaches in holiday periods to work. Seems to have it all sorted and I would see her again, but skip the blow job.

Thanks!

Ducati996guy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th January 2016, 09:00 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review. Sounds like a keeper. Its a pity we cant contact her.....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2016, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: ducati996guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes annoying. I had another look and cant find the ad on locanto or on the sunshine coast daily. Was definitely one of those 2 locations.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th January 2016, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Reviews without names and especially phone numbers are pretty much useless to our members. Bit of a waste of time really if no one can contact her.


