Thread Title: Morgan Daley - Brisbane (CBD) - 0418 192 330
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th April 2011, 02:39 PM
Poster ID: gen18
Post Title: 
 Morgan Daley - Brisbane (CBD) - 0418 192 330
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Morgan

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.australian-babe.com/babes/morgan

Rates: was 400/hr. Had a special of 300/hr which may still be current

Age: Not too sure. 30+? No disrespect to her.

Size/shape: 8, maybe as high as 10. Quite curvey with DD size boobs. Quite toned.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aus. Melbourne gal I believe.

Services Provided: GFE / PSE High Class

Value for money/recommend?: VFM and Recommend

My experience/comments: 

I don't know what it is, but some of Morgan's pictures drive me nuts. Last year some time it got the better of me. I had to go see her, and what luck. She was running a special for the hour. So I made a booking. She was well worth a revisit also, so a little after I made another for 2 hours.

Morgan is high class, and proffessional. Both times she was dressed amazingly. Sexy and classy at the same time. This lady looks good in high heels with leggings. Her appartment is very nice also, with a great view. Inside and out. I found it hard to know what I should be looking at (Really I should have been looking just at Morgan, but that would be staring and rude  :P).

Sessions seemed to follow a bit of a pattern. Lounge overlooking the river. Chat and or catchup. Morgan is really good to talk to if you care. Shes smart, and can talk ... lets say, Land development. Or she can talk cars as I found.

From there it goes cleanup, a bit of a romp on the lounge, and to the bedroom if you wish. On the lounge offers you a great view of her enhances tits, and her suckable nipples. Mmmm. Yummy.

In the bedroom Morgan is a great mix of GFE/PSE. Passionate kisses (I didn't get DFK but that didn't bother me). Great oral skills. Really great. A variety of positions in front of a mirror. Morgan will also go a bit of Backdoor action for extra to add to the PSE of it all.

Morgan is Definetely worthy of your time and money. I won't ever forget my few hours with her. Just don't get tipsy on wine like I did ...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th August 2011, 07:45 PM
Poster ID: sixfiveman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Morgan was good VFM. Never met another girl who enjoyed anal as much and wow what a gape!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th August 2011, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mmm all I hear is "Come fuck my ass friar". Bris Vegas here I come.


