Thread Title: Nana - Brisbane (CBD) - 0401 025 159
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2012, 03:15 PM
Poster ID: naughtydog
Post Title: 
 Nana - Brisbane (CBD) - 0401 025 159
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: NFI

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 1/06/12

Contact Details: 0401025159 Advertises on Cracker

Rates: $200 an hour/$130 for half

Age: Ad says 20 but she says 18. I'd guess she's actually more like 20

Size:6 Tits... C? D? Very nice.

Nationality: Korean (Ad says Japanese)

Services: Full

Value for Money: Pretty much

I went to visit a CBD massage place and found that it wasn't open. With some cash to burn figured that maybe some FS was a better option. Checked cracker for a likely victim...

*****20 yo Japanese Beatuy Just Arrival*****slime,siz 8,very attentive!! only~$100Sounds interesting! Wait... slime? Obviously means slim, but... I'll slime her!


i am 20 yr old, Japanese beauty. ..slim size 8,100% natural breat D cup,165 cm tall, who has a scent of innocence, a lovely little gift, full of surprises just waiting to be unwrapped. Waiting to please... For sensual, discreet encounters in the privacy of my inner city apartment or in your place of preference. I speak fluent English 


Available after 10am 
until 12am 

short time for $100 
half hour for $130 
$160 for 45 mins 
$200 for an hour full service
Anyway, I like Japanese girls, and speak the language a bit, and the pics sure were cute. So I call, no answer. Few seconds later calls me back from a different number. English not particularly fluent, but good enough. Didn't actually... sound... Japanese.

Place was nearby, Albert street. I think there are a lot of asian WLs in the nearby apartment buildings. I was after a 45 minute visit, but figured I'd make it 30 mins if she wasn't attractive, an hour if she was. Brought plenty of cash in case she offered extras. When she opened the door I was impressed. Her face was nice enough, but her lingerie clad body was absolutely slamming, stunning rack, slim. And she was very tall. How long do I want? Definitely an hour.

Asked if she was japanese. She wasn't. She was korean. One thing I should point out, not only was she not Japanese, but she clearly wasn't the same girl from the ad. No part of it was true. Claimed to be 18, not 20, korean, not Japanese, etc. Either the ad was bogus in the first place or the number had been redirected from another girl or something.

She said she that I was "so handsome!", which I decided not to say "Love, if I was handsome, I wouldn't need to be here.". During the course of the night she told me I was so cute, handsome, sexy, amazing at sex, had great legs (and should wear a skirt), so strong, had a gorgeous cock, had the best cock ever, and several other similar things. Call me cynical, but I'm not sure all of those things are true. Hookers are not really very reliable opinions. Pros are like politicians. They both lie to you to make fucking you easier.

Had a shower, then popped to her room. She started off by licking my cock for a while, and rubbing it. No condom, but no sucking either. Later BJ was covered. 

The overall experience was pretty good. She spent a fair bit of it squatting on my cock, both cowboy and reverse, which is always nice. Sucked me while bent over in front of me, which was again nice, watching her wet pussy above me.

There were definite highlights. For example, I came pretty early, fucking her hard in mish while she "came". So she said to lie down, and said she'd give me a massage and if I want to go again later, that's ok. So that was nice... double pop.

Extras didn't seem to be available, or at the very least none were offered.

The Good

Double pop. Hot body. Fun time. Enthusiastic fucker. Ball sucking, etc. Oh, and when massaging she gave my ring a quick poke and said "You like?" I said no and she said "Ooooh, you boring person!" So if you're up for some prostate massage or whatever, she's probably a goer there.

The Bad

I asked to lick her and she said no. Really?! Also, I could touch her, but no fingers inside. The other thing was that she kept saying rhetorical things like "Your cock is so nice, yes?" What the fuck am I supposed to say to that? And if I didn't answer she'd press it... you don't think? It was about all she said, so it got pretty tiresome.

Conclusion

The experience was good. $200 well spent. But I really like to DATY, and fingering, so that took a lot of the fun out. I'd also prefer a BBBJ, and ideally anal on the menu.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd June 2012, 05:54 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review!

The double pop is a nice touch.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd June 2012, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: naughtydog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Says her name is Nana, by the way.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd July 2012, 09:23 PM
Poster ID: Need1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks naughtydog, nice review ..................


