Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th August 2018, 08:09 AM
Poster ID: UncleBully
Post Title: 
 Natalie Gale - Gold Coast/QLD(Touring) - 0415 350 565
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie Gale

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22Jun18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/natalie-gale

Phone : 0415 350 565

Hours of Business : various (I arranged an afternoon outcall to hotel)

Rates : $400+

Age : 32-35

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : European / New Zealand

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : My first review - so here goes...
Saw Natalie's profile on the web and had a look at her Twitter page - gave her a call to arrange a last minute outcall to my hotel.

She was easy to reach and arranging the booking was straightforward.

Natalie arrived at my hotel on time and had followed my advise for gaining access. It was a pretty warm day, but she had still made an effort to dress up, which I appreciated. Warm embrace in the lobby, straight away helped make me relax and feel comfortable.

Once in the room we had a quick chat and opened a nice bottle of red. Natalie had brought along some lingerie and stockings, as per my request. She came out of the bathroom looking stunning.

Had a great time together, Natalie has some amazing curves - that real womanly appearance - kind of like a Nigella Lawson - kind of sexy in a certain way. Loved burying my face in those beautiful breasts of hers.

Its great when you meet someone new and you sort of just click - Natalie is an incredibly intelligent and articulate woman and for me it was great to fuck someone who felt more like an equal - someone who seemed more in sync with me then a lot of the younger girls I have spent time with.

My only negative, if I had one, was I wish Natalie had been a little more dominant with me, personally I think that could of made it an even better experience for me and probably something I need to work on for next time.


