Thread Title: Nia - Gold Coast - 0498 471 824
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th November 2013, 12:14 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Nia - Gold Coast - 0498 471 824
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Nia

Establishment : private - molendinar 

Date of Visit :  October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0498 471 824 Advertised on locanto

Hours of Business : business hours during the day 

Rates :  $260 / hour - $40 extras

Age : 27

Size/shape :  kiwi girl with lovely skin and some tats. A c cup bust and a nice round ass and pregnant . She has some piercings in her face - each cheek has a stud in it.  

Nationality or Ethnicity :  kiwi 

Services Provided : full service - best DFK, ok BBBJ, pregnant at the moment if that is your thing. 

Value for money/recommend? : yes / yes

My experience/comments : 

So I dropped in on Nia in molendinar and a nice girl with a great all over tan and a pregnant bulge answered the door. Into the house she had a mattress setup on the floor towels, lube and condoms all neatly displayed. The way the towel was folded indicated she has some hospitality experience ... And yes Nia was very hospitable . 

Nia disrobed while she sucked my cock. Her cock sucking skills were ok and enjoyable... Into missionary we fucked . Great DFK ! This girl is an awesome kisser... I caressed her curvy body before flipping her over and massaging her back and neck whilst hammering her from behind doggy was most enjoyable. 

So a couple of rounds with Nia and shooting a couple of times in 45 mins I was ushered to the shower and the door. I didn't realise it wasn't a full hour til I returned to my car - she appeared to be nervous about when her next punter was turning up... I wasn't worried I needed to get a move on and fuck Anita (review already posted)  

So Nia seems new to the industry and may only be doing this to make some fast cash. I have noticed more ads on locanto which appear to be her but the rates and services offered appear to be inconsistent.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th November 2013, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Solution, nice review, did use your phone for this one or a PC?

I gather that this is the lady: PREGNANT MAMA NEEDS FAST CASH, Gold Coast

"Looking for professionals to assist with my financial difficulties. Genuine gentleman ONLY. 
Beautiful kiwi girl, pregnant 7months, curvy thick size 14, tan skin, brown eyes, long dark hair. Fun fun fun..
Very active and attractive looking for the right man to please ;-) TEXT ONLY no phone calls will be answered. Text me on 0498471824 reply as *fast cash* What service you would like, original service or delux service and how long for. Not interested in back and forth play texting, nore am I sending pictures out for your own lonely night picture self services.

Full service original (no extras included) Safe sex only
Min 1hour $260
2hours $340

Full service deluxe (extras included GFE only)
Min 1 hour $420
2hours $500 "

Wotan010


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th November 2013, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


Solution, nice review, did use your phone for this one or a PC?
Wotan01
"""



I used the phone. Easiest way is to subscribe to the article with the template for quick access so you can cut and paste. Whilst the note app would work I didn't like that idea. 

Thanks for the tip!

And yes this is the same girl !


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th November 2013, 08:52 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Before my lil operation (hence why I been out of action lol) I did manage to catch up with this lady as well. Was going to review but already here. Cant say much more then what was reviewed, a very good time & she charged me $420 / 3 hours & while I was probably there a little over 2 hours but I was happy, I enjoyed her BBBJ & the sex was fun, and DATY she seemed to really enjoy though at 1st she seemed to want to rush it but slowed down to my pace. All up very good value if you like pregnant chicks. 
Told me only doing this while pregnant though I did get the feeling she has worked before & does have a partner hence times can be hard to organise.


