Thread Title: Nicole - Hervey Bay - 0488 482 897 STAY CLEAR
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2013, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Nicole - Hervey Bay - 0488 482 897 STAY CLEAR
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Private Residence 

Date of Visit : 17/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0488 482 897

Hours of Business : Should be shut down

Rates : $100 / 30 min

Age : 30

Size/shape : 10 / 12 Tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : NO / FUCK NO

My experience/comments : Heading up Bundaberg yesterday, to see my son & his Mrs, having to pick him up from Hervey Bay & arriving in the Bay a couple of hours early for some reason unknown to me, think I just got the times mixed up, so figured I shall check out the local sex workers scene - 1st flipping mistake! Anyways make arrangment with Nicole head down to the Hervey Bay Hotel room number given & head on in 2nd flipping mistake!! 

Anyways arrived, she is not breathtaking, she is well tall, blonde, decent figure & seemed ok, ask how busy she been she says because she been here in the Bay a while she not really busy lucky to see 1 guy a day so just covering her motel bill & she dont know why, she normally goes up & down the QLD coast but likes the Bay so been here a month, so pay her $100 & shower, come out to the room & already naked laying on the bed 3rd mistake! Anyways lay on the bed and start to cuddle, she says to me please dont breathe on me like WTF!!! went to caress her breasts, please dont touch my boobs I dont like it!! Ok this was downhill faster then a Finnish Gold Medialist, so she asks would you like some oral sex, why not even though Im right now softer then talcum powder she "tries" to put the rubber on, was funny could tell she was frustrated & asks me why am I not hard, anyways gets it on finally & starts a half arsed blowjob, finally get hard then she says well can you hop on now your hard and get this over with W T F F !!! so hope on, asked again not to breath on her, not to touch her, not to lay on her and asked to get it over with so she can have a shower, so a good 15 min later I am no where near blowing, so ask can you give me a hand job to complete the service, she says yes I was wondering when you would ask as your been hammering me for a long time....wow so she completes a bullshit hand job with most the effort coming from me!! End of story.

This is where I get my well revenge in ways, I say to her thank you for a shit service, she looks startled, she says what do you mean you got off!, I say I got off because I just wanted it to end & thought about hot chicks I have seen, she looked like a stunned gazel as I give her a good 5 minute serving of my thoughts, tell her with a service like that your name would of already got around town guys talk, single guys especially, guys with partners talk to others who they trust, your name would be stay clear she is a shit root simple hence why you dont see any one these days. Let her know plenty of review sites out there that probably already has your name as a STAY CLEAR. Tell her maybe get a new job because honestly your skills are so bad its almost a joke & if someone told me I would not believe them unless I witness 1st hand how utter shit this 30 min of torture really was. I said to her your nothing but a fricking thief & any other industry you would get a refund but being prostitution its a law in its self. Left. 

Overall: SIMPLE STAY CLEAR, utter bullshit service, though with every punt its just that a punt but some positives, $100 could of been alot more, my phone radar said stay well clear so I say my phone radar is working perfectly fine, its like a test run to make sure my radar works & works totally fine. Normally after a sour punt I would generally go back to a trusted prostitute I had seen recently & throw some cash her way to erase the memory of what transpired, being up this end of the world I dont know any working girls. I dont rate services but if I did my worst before this would of been like a 4 you know this I would score a 0.

Edit: Always a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow even after this shit, I met Angel 18 from Bundy later that day, review to follow WOW she erased this dreadful memory then some

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th October 2013, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by payforplay


Person's Name : Nicole
.
.
Anyways lay on the bed and start to cuddle, she says to me please dont breathe on me like WTF!!! went to caress her breasts, please dont touch my boobs I dont like it!! Ok this was downhill faster then a Finnish Gold Medialist, ..
"""



Feel for you payforplay.

The ladies that like to tell you what to do in an erotic encounter have very little imagination.

If they had half an idea of how poisonous it is to their business and good will, they'd think tiwce.

Thank you for sharing this fairly ordinary experience.

Good review none the less.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 07:25 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thought I'd update this thread after spotting this ad in the Canberra Times several times recently, including yesterday and today:




			
				NICOLEBreathtakingly beautiful country female. In/Outcalls. Today only in capital. 0488 482 897
			
		

It's often been 'today only' over consecutive days. Needless to say, after p4p's damning review above, I have no intention of finding out if her service has improved over the past 4 years.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 07:43 AM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Didn't see this

Just posted an old review in the Canberra ACT private thread as she is there now

Definitely one to avoid chaps


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Link added to Hervey Bay thread in Canberra thread


