Thread Title: Nikky - Gold Coast
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th August 2010, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: 
 Nikky - Gold Coast
				
Post Content: 
Hi Guys.

Another repost from AE. This one comes from before the Angelica post. At the time I'd been playing some Gold Coast Bulletin Roulette and thought I'd share the results. First girl off the rank is Nikky.

Rang Nikky out of the GCB (advertises as "sinfully") and asked about services. Got various prices, but the one I took was $120 h/h, so that's all that I remember. She sounds nice on the phone, and sells herself as tall, with long blonde hair and big boobs.

Turned up at the place (she works out of a apartment complex roughly opposite the Nobby's Beach shops on the Gold Coast Highway) and after being accosted by the on-site manager twice about where I was going, I went upstairs and knocked on the door.

The girl that greeted me was definitely tall and blonde, but she also had shoulders that a Titans player would envy. To give you some perspective, it was like she stopped at the waist, with everything above massive, and everything below tiny.

Anyway, unfortunately by this point "Little Mike" was running the show, so I pressed on and thought "Maybe she's good in the sack". Went and had a shower and came back in to her naked (good start), but then felt like I had to lead her through the whole exercise. Did all the usual kissing and rubbing and then lay down on the bed, where she found the condom and gave a lackluster blowjob for about 10 seconds before asking "how do you like to have sex?".

Tried a few different positions (with the changes in position suggested by me) before finishing off. Once we finished, she got up, handed me my towel and looked at me expectantly. I took that as my cue and went and had a shower, got dressed and left.

So, what happened? Well, it was okay, but it felt like she didn't really want to be there, like she thought that if she gave me a pussy to fuck then I'd sort myself out without much input from her.

We spoke a little bit before and after, but it really felt like it was "do the deed and get out", so I can't really recommend her, except that the price is reasonable. If anyone else has seen her, or goes to see her, do let us know how you go tho!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th August 2010, 08:17 AM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers for the info. Can you also please post her contact details?

s.o.o.


