Thread Title: Nikki - Nerang - 0431 370 585
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2016, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Nikki - Nerang - 0431 370 585
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nikki

Establishment : Private duplex estate in Nerang

Date of Visit : 22/09/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0431370585, Nice Nikki - Gold Coast escorts - backpage.com plus has had a couple of Locanto ads up from time to time

Hours of Business : Call to check

Rates : $100 for 30 mins

Age : Mid forties?

Size/shape : Overweight

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie bogan

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

OK I won't go into a lot of details with this one, because Nikki seems to be a nice enough lady, she's just definitely not my cup of tea in the physical attraction sense.  I don't like saying too much negative about a person's appearance so I'm going to leave it at that in the hope that I've done my duty as a reviewer to let anyone that's been wondering about this one that I well and truly took one for the team today.

I should have listened to the warning bells going off in my head about the $100/30 price, but I was hoping for another Rachel from Southport type value for money milf that was nice and handy.  The real warning should have come when I read on an old ad that 60mins was only $150.  I've been laying low for various reasons lately, but I have been seeing Kikki at Nerang every now and then.  I haven't done a full review because it seems I'm the only person reviewing her.  Kikki is also $100 for 30 mins (or $70 for 15), but is in my opinion an attractive, friendly, clean, hygienic Asian MILF i.e. good value for money punting.  I was hoping for another option in the Nerang area, but I didn't find that today.

Long story short, the session took place in Nikki's garage because her flatmate (who apparently will do doubles with Nikki) was asleep in the house.  I got undressed thinking WTF am I doing here, made sure everything including BJ was going to be covered, dom went on for some CBJ, couldn't really get a bone (guys I will say a toothy BJ is not going to be your problem), did some fingering, still nothing, had a wank while Nikki sucked my nipples, got a half mast, asked Nikki to bend over, fucked her from behind for about 30 secs before going soft and I called it a day.  I just couldn't continue.  I apologised and said it was me not her blah blah, wash my hands and willy in a hand basin, got dressed and left.

So that's that.  Make of it what you will...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 04:20 AM
Poster ID: pussywrangler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
haha, the nerang curse strikes again!! sorry to hear about your punt niteowl, and thanks for taking one for the team on this one


