Thread Title: Nina - Kangaroo Point - 0434 386 706
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd October 2011, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: Henry1
Post Title: 
 Nina - Kangaroo Point - 0434 386 706
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Date of Visit : August 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Asian Babe - new to Brisbane with 100% REAL PHOTOS!!!! - Kangaroo Point | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker 

Rates : $240/hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BJ, FS, DATY, No Kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Ad from Cracker:

"Before we go any further please be assured that my photos and profile are 100% real, everything you see and read here is me and only me!

My name is Nina and I have just arrived in sunny Brisbane. Now I'm ready for a good time and want to meet lots of new and exciting people! I'm 23 years old from Thailand, have a sexy curvaceous busty figure and a pretty face with a wonderful and capturing smile. I am very outgoing and friendly and have excellent english and enjoy getting to know people, I'm not one to try and rush you out the door!

My service is a true and true girlfriend experience, you can be assured that we'll enjoy those intimate moments that make spending time together extra fun and special!

For now I work from Kangaroo Point in a central location with free private parking. I offer the in call and the out call service and am working till late everyday!

Please let me know if you have any enquiries and here are my rates........

In call half hour $140 / In call full hour $200
Out call half hour $170 / out call full hour $240

I don't answer private numbers and also there is no greek service on offer.

Come and have fun with me today ;-)"

Called her and she sounded like she'd be a lot of fun. She was insistent that her photos on the ad were genuine, and said that if they weren't I could fuck her for free. I settled a time with her, but said that I may be available a bit earlier. She said, not a problem, just call me when you're ready.

I called her and decided to go and wait outside for her as the lifts were protected by room key. She was dropped off at the door and started using her mobile phone. She walked inside and went to the lifts. I followed her in and smiled at her. She smiled back. I said, you must be Nina. I recognize you from your photos. She was in a tight, slinky, short white dress, which showed off her curves and tanned legs perfectly.

Unfortunately I soon found out that I hadn't had enough sense to ask my usual question "Do you kiss?". It turned out that she didn't. I took the disappointment stoically and kicked myself. Pity really, as she was very kissable.

We gradually got into a state of deshabillement. She sucked me. I licked her pussy with enjoyment for both of us. I started and finished in mish.

She was quite chatty. We had a discussion about the age of punters. She said that sometimes she just tells young punters to go away because all they want to do is bang away all the time, and how happy she'd been when she realised she was seeing an older guy this time.

Now if only she had been a kisser she would have been really great, but she was still very pleasant to spend an hour with.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd October 2011, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Its a bugger when they don't kiss ... Still, sounds like a good time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th October 2011, 02:14 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw Nina 2 weeks ago at the apartment she works from and its true that seh doesn't kiss..apart from the little peck on the lips she gave me as she slid down onto my cock, there was no kissing. Her photos are 100% real and very recent. She has a tidy little body with skin like silk and she really gets into it with you. I'd definitely go back to see her. 30 mins is not long enough to savour this one, so I'd do an hr booking next time.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th October 2011, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: Henry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She's a lot of fun. Good to see you had a good time Hammered.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th October 2011, 08:10 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
looks okay... sawadee krub to her... i bet she goes to Sunnybank to shop for Asian food too. thanks for the review... I will make it an effort to see her when I am in Brissy in the next 2 months.


