Thread Title: No quite as Advertised
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th August 2018, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: 
 No quite as Advertised
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyoko

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 17 Aug 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Yoyoko/

Phone : 04 04 761 799

Hours of Business :  Appointment

Rates : 15 min $100, 30 min $130, 45 min $160, 1 hr $200

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Slim C Cups, Shaven, Long Black Hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : DATY, LFK, FIV, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Arrived into Brisbane and looking for a punt, she was first to reply to my text messages and was available so I grabbed an uber. An easy to find Apartment block and she sent the floor/room when I arrived. She wasn't the same as the ad but still easy on the eye so I handed over the $ and got undressed, while I was doing that she got on the bed in a sheer nighty with no panties and spread her legs. She had a glint in her eye and a very nice pussy, good shaped lips with a little puffiness on each side like a ripe peach. I moved over and started on her nipples, then worked downwards around the pussy, along her legs, then back up to her stomach and finally onto her pussy, it was a joy to lick and she started moaning and got very wet. After a few minutes which had her moaning quite loudly, she put on the Cover and jumped straight on for some CG, grinding and bouncing, then I did some of the pumping from under when she got tired and we moved over for some Doggy, then standing doggy near the bed edge, over for some Mish. She has a nice tight pussy and only got louder and louder with the moans (almost a distraction). After 10 mins or of fucking she asked me to lie down, whipped off the Cover and started a HJ, normally this would get me across the line, but I wanted more of that pussy, so as soon as she said her arm was getting tired, on with Dom #2 and some standing Doggy so I could see us in the wardrobe mirror, then over for some Mish to finish. She wasn't as advertised but I still had a good time. Hello Brisbane.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th August 2018, 05:54 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We need to get the title right, so others searching will find your post.     We have a preferred title -
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f55/h...rrectly-41091/

The ad in the link mentions 0468 737 163, the number in your post is different.    Which is correct?   

What suburb did she operate in?

Please reply with answers to these questions and I'll update the title to the preferred standard.


