Thread Title: Olivia - Brisbane (CBD) - 0448 336 386
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th June 2011, 11:08 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Olivia - Brisbane (CBD) - 0448 336 386
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 2010 and February 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0448 336 386

Hours of Business :  Not 100% sure, but I found her available during the day and evening

Rates : $200/30 mins; $400/60 mins

Age : 30s

Size/shape : 10-12, with a fabulous bust and arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS, no anal. I believe that she also does some light bondage

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : Olivia is a fabulously sexy lady who does incalls to her CBD apartment. I picked up Olivia from the Australian Babes website, and, being a fan of the bustier lady, made an appointment to see her. I asked for a particular dress-up fantasy, but due to an issue with the lifts she had to come down and collect me from the foyer. I then realized that her pictures did not do her justice. This babe is smoking hot, dressed in a really sharp businesswoman attire. (It was not until later that I found out that she'd put the sharp outfit over said fantasy. And when I went back for a return visit 3 months later when I was next in Brisbane for work, she remembered the fantasy and had it ready to go when I arrived). We went up, up, up in the lift, crowded with other people. The tension was high, and when the last person got out so we were alone in the lift, she leapt across and gave me a nice DFK and grope on the arse.

Taken up to her apartment, we sorted out the business, shared some red wine, chatted for a while on the balcony getting to know each other before moving to the bedroom. She's a pleasure to talk to, made me feel very much at ease, and is an absolute firecracker in the sack. We did a number of positions, experimented with some unusual positioning as well, and the evening ended well. A quick shower, and she was in no rush to boot me out, even though the time was up; we had another glass of wine before I made my way into the balmy Brisbane evening.

My biggest regret is that I only get to Brisbane 1-2 times a year, but Olivia is on my call list whenever I do visit. Well worth it, and based on my experiences I am happy to unconditionally recommend her.

Dean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th April 2014, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: triplemaus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow it has been some time since i last visited Olivia - maybe six months. I must take a rap over the knuckles for that ... she is divine. I stumbled across her in the Courier Mail and she is now in contacts ... the visit last time i visited was heavenly - she loves a joke and certainly enjoyed my banter - word of warning though make sure whiskers are well trimmed for DATY on you ... she doesn't take to kindly to prickly men down in her sweet area. Sex is fantastic and she always works me up with a bit of anal fun as well. Time is getting away i must try to make a booking soon....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th September 2015, 07:39 PM
Poster ID: Bob Macca
Post Title: 
 Olivia - Brisbane - 0448 336 386
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Olivia

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: July 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0448 336 386

Hours of Business: Daytime

Rates: $400 p/h

Age: mid 30s

Size/shape: curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: I'd recommend Olivia. I really enjoyed our time together

My experience/comments:

Hi, I started punting a few months ago, so Im still pretty new to this. I only found the auxxxreviews site a couple days ago and it looks like a great community so I wanted to contribute with some of my reviews. 

Olivia was the first lady that Ive ever booked. Organising the booking was really easy. I sent her a text and we planned a session for the following Tuesday.

I was really nervous when I arrived to her place, but she such a nice gal and she immediately made me feel relaxed.

In terms of looks, I think shes really pretty, but I guess it depends on your preferences. Her photos on the internet are pretty accurate, and she has a really hot body. Shes actually pretty tall. A bit taller than me, so that was a little strange at first.

It was only a one hour booking, and because I was a little nervous, we spent the first 15 mins or so just sitting on the couch and talking. After a while, we started kissing lightly, then things heated up and we moved into the bedroom.

I wont go through a play by play of what happened, but I had a great time. Olivia was really intimate, and made sure that I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.

I know it was only my first punt, but Id recommend Olivia. Shes pretty, sexy and she will make sure that you have a great time.

Well, hope this review helps. Will aim to post some more reviews in the next few days, including another one of Olivia, since Ive seen her once again since July.

Any questions, just ask and I'll answer as best I can.

Cheers all, and happy punting!

Bob Mc


