Thread Title: Pepper - Woolloongabba - 0450 382 703
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2016, 10:57 AM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Pepper - Woolloongabba - 0450 382 703
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pepper

Establishment : Private House near Stones Corner, Woolloongabba Brisbane, quiet street

Date of Visit : Wed 13/4/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450 382 703
Pepper | Escorts & Babes
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_46...ALLS-24-7.html

Hours of Business : 24hrs / 7days

Rates : 150/30min, 200/hr, 180/hr daytime special rate - my booking

Age : Claims 40 but I reckon early 50's

Size/shape : Size 10-12, natural tits, shaven pussy (small short tuft of hair) pics in ads are her, smoker

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS, body rub, CBJ, 69, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : maybe / no, not for me

My experience/comments : 

Was easy to book via call, then texted for her house number when I got to her street, close to Stones Corner or Langlands Bus Stations. She greeted me wearing bra and g-string through a light see-thru silk top. Had a drink and general chat with her first up, house was a bit messy but didn't worry me much, she had a smoke while we got chatty. Then had a shower while she brushed her teeth then we adjourned to her parlour bedroom - dim lit room with mattress and pillows on floor and light music in background.

While I laid on my back, she stripped except for her gstring and ran her tits from my cock to my chest giving me a tity chest rub while I fondled her tits and occasional play with her pussy. After quite a while, on with condom and she went to work sucking my cock for a few minutes. Pepper had fitted a cock-tourniquet with a velcro fastener to the base of my shaft to maintain my hard-on, until I couldn't hold back and blew my first load into the dom. She left me the tissue box to remove the dom and clean up my cock myself.

While I recovered, she laid face down on the bed, I removed her g-string and gave her a soft back massage down to between her thighs and played with her pussy and bum. We relocated to 69 so she could stroke my cock while I fondled and fingered her plump pussy and teased her arsehole - bit dificult to find where her clit was hiding. She then got up, ran to another room and returned with a vibrator which she used on herself. I sucked on her tits and fingered her pussy and bum while she worked the vibrator on her clit until she came. She then gave me a handjob seeing I had another boner on the rise and blew my second load into her hand. Overall wasn't an exciting session for me although I did manage to get 2 shots away in the hour and didn't get to fuck her as she just didn't get me aroused enough. I won't be rushing back to see her but others may find her a decent root for the price.


