Thread Title: Pink - Kangaroo Point - 0413 090 851
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2012, 09:00 AM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: 
 Pink - Kangaroo Point - 0413 090 851
				
Post Content: 
Having a small window of opportunity last Friday afternoon, I called up this WL from Cracker to get a quickie organised.___MIND BLOWING FILIPINO MILF___ - Kangaroo Point | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

She works out of ... yes you guessed it, Southern Cross Apartments. As usual the apartment was very clean with a queen sized bed and huge mirrors so you can look at yourself doing porn faces while giving yourself a high five.

Pretty sure she is the one in the pics, and her body is excellent for someone close to 30, let alone 40. Great tits with huge dark brown nipples that reponded to the lightest of touches. But this visit wasn't about savouring the delights. I had 15 mins to release all the frustrations.

DATY wasn't really on offer. Not sure if she wasn't comfortable with it (some WLs like to leave that for their personal life) or whether my 3 day gowth was a turn off (same reason why I like them shaved, really), but a stayed there for only a few moments before she lead me away. So into those big, beautiful breasts I got. Yum!

She slid the condom on and started sucking like there was no tomorrow. Excellent skills and nearly had me stumbling over the line already, so I pushed her back and moved around the bed so as to get a better view in the mirrors Nice tight pussy. If she's really had a child you wouldn't know it. No kissing, though I really didn't even try...I was more interested in those dark caramel nipples to bother with kissing her lips. Rolled her over onto her stomach to fuck her doggy and my God her pussy looked good. Eased myself in then started pumping away. I looked down to admire the view of her tiny arse and magic pussy and saw that her pussy was suctioned onto my cock, so each time I was on the outward stroke, her pussy lips were being mushroomed out. Fantastic! I was easing in and out slowly just being amused by this for a bit when she reminded me that I'd only requested 15mins. Fair enough I suppose. Everyone wants VFM. So going as hard and fast as I could - which only prolongs things usually - I smashed away. 

Geat fuck. Great tits. Great BJ skills.

Would go back for sure.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st March 2013, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: patrickm78
Post Title: 
 Philipino Milf Kpoint
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Philipino chick (didn't ask for name)

Establishment : Main Street, Kangaroo Point

Date of Visit : 01/03/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ___MIND BLOWING FILIPINO MILF___ - Kangaroo Point | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $150 an hour

Age : looked 20 to me but I guess could be to 25 but not sure!

Size/shape : D cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Philipino

Services Provided : BBBJ,FS

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments :

Hi there,

Went and saw the Philipino Milf at Kangaroo Point as the picture looked promising on cracker and she was available at short notice.  

The pictures on cracker are much nicer than the actual person, she is on the north side of 40 and from the front looks alright (for her age) but her butt is kind of not existing.

Anyway she gave a quick massage of the back which was more a rub than a massage, she ask me to turn and got right on massaging my best friend.

Overall a 6/10 and I would look at other options in the future.

Right:

I arrived at her place and was shown to the bedroom. I took my gear off and so did she. I layed on the bed and she started rubbing my back a bit with her hands and a few body slides. She asked me to turn around and got working . He handjob was reasonably good but she keeps asking if I want full service. I declined and after I was done, got my gear and left. I wouldn't go back for a massage and neither for full service, just not my type I guess.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st March 2013, 06:47 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy of her Cracker ad:





			
				Welcome to my profile gentlemen 

My name is Pink. I am in my late 30's and more sexy than ever! A real yummy mommy

I keep myself in great shape and strive to be as sexy as possible. I love dating and flirting with guys since my divorce and have much success so I decided to try this job for the first time and have even more fun!

I am a Filipino goddess, smooth flawless brown skin that's like silk to the touch. I have a very generous bust for an Asian woman to say the least. Check the photos to see :-D. I have wavy hair, long lashes, and a gleaming smile.

Call me to discuss my service as QLD law prohibits me from going into the gory details - hehe.

I charge the following rates for my exceptional services: 

$100 - 15min InCall 
$150 - 30min InCall 
$220 - 60min InCall 
$310 - 90min InCall 
$400 - 120min InCall 

$180 - 30min OutCall 
$250 - 60min OutCall 
$500 - 120min OutCall 
$1500 - OverNight OutCall 

For longer books please enquire via SMS or phone call. 

No private numbers please! 

Regards, 

Pink - kiss kiss!
			
		

0413 090 851


