Thread Title: Pooja (Indian) - Gold Coast - 0405 337 819
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th July 2010, 01:55 PM
Poster ID: lightning
Post Title: 
 Pooja (Indian) - Gold Coast - 0405 337 819
				
Post Content: 
Private Indian Girl - Gold Coast

Call me a glutton for punishment (GFP for short) but I should have known better when following up this QLD newspaper ad on the Gold Coast:
POOJA Indian, sexy busty, playful, new to town, 21yo. 0405 337 819

If you don't want to read further, it was a waste of time and money.

Saw the ad, always on lookout for a young Indian. She said on the phone she was sz 8, she had an Indian accent (at least that was right) and in a Towers apartment block a couple of streets from Cavill Ave in Surfers. Made a 30 min booking for $100 ("includes blow job and fucking" she said).

Old apartment, had to be buzzed in through the intercom on the ground floor, old lift where the floor button doesn't light up when you press it, so was unsure where I might end up. Stopped at the right floor however, knocked on her door, and opened.

So we are looking for a 21yo, sz 8 Indian cutie, with me so far? This is the stage I should have walked. She was sz 14, late 20s, but yes Indian. [You know why we don't walk - we are lathered up to such an agitated state of sexual tension and anticipation, and having gone through the ringing in/security issues, you just stick with it. You accept wtf.]

She had the security cctv on her TV set showing the foyer where people buzz in - quite a good security idea for her. Into a messy bedroom, no shower was offered (no towels in bathroom), and off with the kit while she fields so more calls: ("blow job and fucking" and "no anal", etc). Huge F cup tits for the mammory specialists, tats across the back, trimmed not shaved snatch. She says she is a student from Brisbane, down moonlighting on GC during hols.

Onto the bed straight into CBJ. Not great, toothy, covered. However, hard enough to fuck. "You fuck me doggy" she says. Well that wasn't going to fly straight away, as I was doubtful I could keep an erection, and it's quite often difficult for deep doggy with a big fat arse stuck high up in the air. 

I opted for CG to start, and could barely feel the sides. So I though fuck it, I'll make this quick and into mish. Got her big thick legs up to the shoulders and made it in half my paid time. Then out of there.

Yep, am a GFP when it comes to responding to bullshit ads in QLD newspapers. Just can't see past the end of my dick !!

BTW, wouldn't recommend.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th November 2013, 12:56 AM
Poster ID: Lstc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Think the name would have been enough to turn me off .


