Thread Title: Pregnant Redhead - Fortitude Valley - 0426 266 594
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2015, 10:16 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Pregnant Redhead - Fortitude Valley - 0426 266 594
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Faith

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12/05/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 266 594

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $250 / 1 hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Slim 8 with nice baby bump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No / Yes only if Pregnant is your thing

My experience/comments : Where do I start, have seen her for just a blowjob a few weeks ago that was passable but being a redhead (not many around) & pregnant, slim & the real girl next door I could not resist & just wanted to DATY her til she blew but alas have some fun lol at the same time, so called her up, made the appointment time & arrived full of energy, she is cute & very short hair but has that great baby bump going. Exchanged money & was just asked to remember that she is pregnant & try not to be to rough & enjoy your time. She offers extras so please enquire though after the punt I am lucky I just went with the standard.

Showered where she met me on the bed, nice build up as we kissed & i rubbed my hands over her breasts & belly & can tell you that made me throbbing with excitement, something about a pregnant women that really gets me going, before moving down to her belly  & breasts then proceeded to eat her out, a bit of hair on her twat but that did not deter me, but no real movement from her at this stage, I checked to make sure she was breathing & she was so some more eating of her pussy before some maybe passable head that was a tad toothy & no variety at all, actually I reckon it was more open mouth with the head in her mouth as she wanked me well it felt that way but went on for about 10 minutes & only stopped at my insistence of fucking her so I got the feeling she may of been happy with sucking cock the whole time til you blew, really if it was not for her being pregnant then I reckon I would of bailed lol by this point it started out sensual but then turned stale, so on with the dom her legs in the air at the end of the bed where I fucked her, no emotion at all, very downward fast this one lol but continued to fuck her, onto doggy where I thrashed it fast to get over the line pretty easy....all up about 45 min. 

Offered a shower again & normally I dont but decided to have a freshen up as heading to see some of the kids, a quick chat & out the door.

Overall: Look if not pregnant then would be a complete starfish experience, but she is so if its your fetish get in you wont get mind blowing sex, actually you wont get 1/2 decent sex but you will get a slim pregnant chick & if thats what you want then $250 wont hurt to much compared to $500 some pregnant girls want. Stay clear unless you want a pregnant girl pretty clear & simple. Thats me done for a week, plenty of punting had 

Rating Pregnant Girl 7/10
Rating Non Pregnant Girl 3/10

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th June 2015, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review, sorry to hear she was a starfish...would have thought pregnant girls were quite horny.

I only punted a preggy once and had a really good experience (see preggy thread)

Googled the mobile number to her ad...as described, she very short red hair and skinny. 

Cheers, 
HB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th June 2015, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh there is a add, found her advertising in the Mail up here & saved her number.
Had plenty of pregnant girls over the past 5 years & always been horny lil nymphs but not this one, but still I love pregnant girls so as i said was worth it.

P4P


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th June 2015, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by payforplay


Oh there is a add, found her advertising in the Mail up here & saved her number ..
"""



Here's another, Live Escort Reviews - 0426266594 - LIMITED DAYS LEFT!!!!Pregnant Fetish? Look no further! INCALL ONLY!! - 24

Horny Kinky Pregnant Redhead! INCALLS ONLY !!LAST DAY TODAY!!! - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th June 2015, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats her all right  or  depends lol if you want a starfish with no zest!

P4P


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th June 2015, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bit of a Ziggy Stardust hairdo she's got going on, especially the 2nd Cracker pic :-)


