Thread Title: Pregnant Jessie Jay - Spring Hill - 0400 147 769
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2016, 10:29 PM
Poster ID: simonzx6
Post Title: 
 Pregnant Jessie Jay - Spring Hill - 0400 147 769
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pregnant Jessie Jay

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 6/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Just a moment... 0400 147 769

Hours of Business : Available 7 days a week from 8 am to 12 am

Rates : $250 - 30 minutes GFE $450 - 1 hour GFE $500 to $600 - 1 hour Out Call

Age : 23

Size/shape : Curvy with massive boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : GFE, Full service, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Finding a decent looking pregnant girl in her 20s girl with massive boobs is a pretty rare find. The price is a bit high but the product/service is premium, so I do recommend if pregnant girls are your kink. 

My experience/comments : I arrived just in time for my booking. When the door opened I saw the same girl infront of me as I had in her adverts on the internet which is always a good thing! I introduced myself and stripped down before going over to the bed. I was asked if I would like a light massage which I accepted, it was nothing heavy duty but relaxing none the less. During the massage we chatted about her pregnancy and the overwhelming size of her GG cup boobs! After the massage I rolled over on my back and began to play with the massive pregnant tits infront of me. Jessie mentioned that she was lactating a little bit and not to freak out if anything came out of them. I mentioned that I had a lactation fetish and the more milk leaking out the better. As I fondled them I could not get over their immense weight, they would have been at least 5kg each! I started to get a few drips coming out but had to be careful as they were quite sensitive and I did not want to cause her any discomfort. A few minuets later Jessie grabbed a condom and began giving me covered head. After a couple of minuets she asked me to tell her when I was ready to fuck. Another minuet or so later I told her I was ready. She positioned herself over me cowgirl style and slid my cock inside of her. I was in heaven as I thrust my cock inside of her and fondled her dripping GG tits that seemed to be enormous hanging down infront of me because they were! I could feel her belly pressing against me which was firm. I kept going in this position until my time was almost up as what more could a guy with a pregnancy, boob and lactation kink want! I finished up and had a shower. I should mention that I was also offered a shower when I 1st arrived. However out of respect I always have a shower and change into a fresh set of clothes just before I see a working lass.

Overall Jessie was a very present experience, she also has a lovely mannerism 

Unfortunately she only has 1 week left before she gives birth, however I asked if she would be offering lactation services after to which she replied yes 

Happy punting


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th December 2016, 11:08 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I know a couple of pregnant girls doing the rounds currently and at around $250 - $350 a hour seems to be far better value out there.

P4P


