Thread Title: Pretty Asian - Southport - 0420 208 264
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2014, 01:48 AM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: 
 Pretty Asian - Southport - 0420 208 264
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't ask

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 14/03/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : GC Bulletin Ad details below

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $120 / 30 min

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Av height, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : I called this lady from an ad in the Gold Coast Bulletin - didn't ask her name as I won't return:
'Pretty asian, 23yo, busty 36DD, slim, long hair, shaven in/out calls 0420 208 264'
Sounded pretty good to me. Not too outrageous claims... Anyway $120 for 30 min FS and she was available in about 1/2 hour when I was arriving in Southport.
She was in one of the towers of Southport central and sent me a text of her apartment number. Up I go - door opens and its quite dark - never a good sign. I realise she is probably about 35 - maybe more, reasonable looks, nice breasts and a pleasant enough lady. Normally I would walk in this situation - 35 is not 23 - and it annoys me that they advertise that way. Anyway, this time I thought she was ok and may give good service so I would give it a go.
Paid up, into the bedroom - was not offered a shower (either before or after ). Light kissing, played/kissed her nice breasts, then into CBJ. She offered cowgirl for starters, then we went to mish, spooning and back to mish to finish. No complaints but it was nothing special. She didn't complain about the changes or the time I took. A bit flabby around the tummy and after I noticed a big ceasarian scar.
Overall very lackluster - I would get better service and a more attractive girl at any of the asian brothels so I wouldn't return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 05:18 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanx for info was on my list. Some pretty average girls in Southport at present.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 07:29 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
More the Asians, very standard services offered by a vast majority of Asians, always exceptions but hence why I generally steer clear. 

I have often wondered is it because well we are white Aussies & they simply dont like Aussies, much like Aussie sex workers well most I see dont like Asians & a few have actually said they dont like seeing Asians & give a very shit service to get them in & out...Just a thought!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 08:56 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You bring a very good point up payforplay and being someone that looks more middle eastern than aussie, it's one that i've often thought of every now and then when I don't receive the best service from a cauc girl.  

It wouldn't surprise me if us aussie blokes do receive a shit service from the Asian sensations, but I had a discussion with a friend of a friend who use to be affiliated with some Asian service providers and they explained that a lot of the girls are almost forced into it out of desperation. Having left their home with barely any money, they can't afford to live off a $20/hour wage and they need to start earning the money quickly. So for a lot of them its done out of necessity (just like the aussie girls) but this desperate state of mind makes it hard for them to really enjoy sex. 

Also, there are other cultural factors that we must take into account including the fact that sex is quite taboo overseas. Whereas in australia, we are educated to embrace sex and sexuality in which you will see that a lot of the cauc girls, although they may be doing this out of desperation, still enjoy the sex one way or another.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Appreciate the feedback & totally understand alot both Aussie & Asians do this not because they want to but due to what ever circumstances they have to do it. I have seen Aussie girls who need to do it for rent, or to make a repayment of what ever kind & are genuine (unlike the locanto adds) & does tend to show in the service where they are reserved. 

It just crossed my mind alot who do it for what ever reasons still perform really well even though they probably dont want to see there bodies for sex, just at times I do believe its a racial thing. A few girls have said it to me as mentioned before even though they forced for what ever reason to fuck for money they give a much poorer service to those they simply dont find desirable. No matter looks, racial, or simply its a attitude thing. Its as a couple said to me get them in screw them & get them out as quick as possible & make it so they wont come back again. Poor business really.

Edit: I forgot to mention know a couple of Asian friends who see mainly Asian girls, because they reckon they are great & when they see Aussie girls they get well the complete reverse to what I find. Hence my reasoning...Wont say all have seen plenty Asians who give 5 star perfomances.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th March 2014, 07:51 PM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Give me a young (ie under 30) fair skinned Asian girl compared to an Aussie girl any day. I'm Caucasian and Aussie born and find Asian girls are by far the best in all ways. Generally always get great service. But you have to click with them and I think I do that well plus I seem to have the Caucasian look they like. I've travelled extensively in SE Asia and I think that helps too. And keep in mind that "Asian girls" is a very broad stereotype. That covers a multitude of cultures, races and differences including Japan, Korea, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, China, etc, etc.

The best Asian girls are the ones you find in their home countries. Here they can be a bit hit and miss and jaded. Way too many older Asian women claiming to be 10+ years younger than what they are. So you need to be discerning, especially with FS. Asian girls here doing RnT I generally find to be the better bet.

Anyways, those are just my views and of course everyone has different preferences and experiences.


