Thread Title: PRIVATE KOREAN 20 SOMETHING -  Milton -  0432 608 421
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th March 2015, 12:24 AM
Poster ID: silk
Post Title: 
 PRIVATE KOREAN 20 SOMETHING -  Milton -  0432 608 421
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Private No name.

Establishment : Milton inner city Brisbane

Date of Visit : MARCH 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0432608421  

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : $130 HLF 

Age : LATE 20’s

Size/shape: Size 6 smooth and fully shaved asian body with maybe b-c cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: massage: LFK, CBJ, fingering pussy and ass, FS, 

Face: 7/10

Value for money/recommend?: yes

Up in Brisbane for work for the day and txted the number of a private WL Malay girl who claimed COF who I found on locate.

Turned up at an easy to find private apartment to be greeted by a Korean girl.

She looked cute enough and was certainly very friendly and silly sexy cute acting.

Into shower and quickly back into the bed room for a very brief and light kissing.

She did a sexy strip and backed into me grinding her hot little ass into my rock hard cock.

She then leapt onto the bed swung her legs behind her ears and presented me with the smoothest and lipless looking pussy I’ve seen in ages.

Perfection in my eyes and I swear her asshole was winking at me.

If this wasn’t an invitation to dine or finger then I don’t know what is.

She was now stroking my cock as I started to approach her super wet pussy.

Not sure if she’d lubed before I entered the room but there is nothing better in my books than discovering a wet pussy on first touch.
she was loving. Rocking her pussy up to meet my hand on every stroke and bending her body so that my fingers were finding her slightly gaping asshole.

I took this as my ass finger cue and pumped about half a cup of lube into my hand and rubbed her from asshole to clit.

My finger easily eased into her ass and I could have come from just this alone.

Especially as she was very encouraging.

So on with dom and her in doggy sucking my cock as I reached over her head to finger her ass and pussy.

All the while she was pushing back onto my super lubed up hand.

Minutes later I’m up her pussy in doggy with my thumb pumping her ass and letting go of a solid weeks worth.

OHH TOO MUCH she exclaimed as I pulled out.

Fun times.

SILK


