Thread Title: QLD - Gold Coast General Comments
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th February 2010, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: lightning
Post Title: 
 QLD - Gold Coast General Comments
				
Post Content: 
Hi guys, this is my third attempt today to post this - each time I hit the review button it logged me out! So, no review this time and I will post as soon as I finish, and overlook the errors.

I would like to provide you with an overview of punting opportunities on the Gold Coast - and from the outset I will empasise that this is a different marketplace from Sydney. Sydney is the best - QLD and the GC lack the competition, quality and VFM that you expect in Sydney.

The main source of information here is the local rag, "The Bulletin".
Ads are placed under 4 categories in the Classifieds, and I will use these categories to attempt to explain where to look for your requirements.

"Licensed Brothels"
Well no prize for guessing what these are, but not many. About 6 advertised, the main ones are Utopia, Silks and Pentagon Grand. Another few down over the border at Tweed.

Now these places (typically industrial areas) are ok enough inside with good decor, but as soon as you meet the old ex-WL receptionist, they just don't have the vibe of Sydney establishment. In general, you get meet at least 3 or 4 ladies (varies of course), but I think they are of a disappointing standard.

Prices generally from $150 / 30 mins, but as I said with ropey and starfish WLs, not particularly VFM. Now some people may have had a good punt in these places, but I haven't in my few visits and don't frequent them any more.

"Private Services"
These are the private WLs freelancing generally from hotels/apartments in Boadbeach and Surfers. 

A typical ad is "18-yr old Jap student, sz 6, new to Coast, etc ".  Well guess what? They ain't 18, rarely students, probably half are Jap, others might be MLC or Korean, size 10. I have seen about 10 - average age I would say is late 20s, typically starfish, and I wouldn't see any of them again.

Most are in-calls, some offer out-calls. Typical price is $100-$120 / 30 min. Will keep trying, but it's a punt.

"Personal Relaxation"
These are the private RnT ladies, operating typically from flats.

Some advertise with an interesting gimic. "Adult time out", a cauc milf (40s) operating from home, trained masseusse, but nude and handjob at end, $70.  Or "Exotic...dress up fantasy" - this is a good option as it is a young (early 20s attractive Aussie) who dresses up for your whim - SG, PC, lingerie. Slowly discards clothing during the massage to end up with a happy ending. $100 - pricey yes, as this isn't Sydney, but she is attractive.

In general, advertising as "Amazing Rub", "Relax", "Stress Relieving" etc, blah blah, $70-$100 / 30 mins. No out-calls.

"Therapeutic Massage"
The legit massages, some of which are RnT depending on the environment.

Some are Chinese shops, typically $60 / 30 mins, with happy ending. Some shops lack the privacy with exposed tables, and shower curtains - so if it's like this, walk.

Some are private homes and flats. 

This is one "Chinese Massage" shop I went to last week:
        "A best relaxing and deep massage. 172 Scarborough St, Southport  0413 633 996 air con."

Was met by mamsan, a MLC milf (40s) whom I would have been happy with. Into the room, air conditioning did not work, handed over $60. She exits, I get the kit off, in comes massage girl. Early 20s, MLC plain, nice enough figure. Good massage, little bit of tackle tickle, roll over, massage legs then onto the pole. No touching her and no extras availbale.

Now the previous week I had been massaged by an older (30s), weightier girl, who offered $50 extra of going topless. I declined.
Overall, not as good as the Burwood or Chinatown shops.

That's about it - you can see everything is not the VFM as Sydney, it is a different market, but when you are desperate... you know what I mean.

Apologies for any typos and I am hoping this time this posts!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th February 2010, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: lightning
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just as a comparison of $60 RnT, I have just posted a $60 experience I had at a place in Bondi Junction. This is not the best that Sydney has to offer, but a lot better experience and VFM than a typical Chinese GC joint.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th February 2010, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Firstly I avoid the Japanese/asian advertisers. Full of BS. Needle in a haystack if you want to find an accurate, decent asian WL.






			
				Licensed Brothels"
Well no prize for guessing what these are, but not many. About 6 advertised, the main ones are Utopia, Silks and Pentagon Grand. Another few down over the border at Tweed.

Now these places (typically industrial areas) are ok enough inside with good decor, but as soon as you meet the old ex-WL receptionist, they just don't have the vibe of Sydney establishment. In general, you get meet at least 3 or 4 ladies (varies of course), but I think they are of a disappointing standard.

Prices generally from $150 / 30 mins, but as I said with ropey and starfish WLs, not particularly VFM. Now some people may have had a good punt in these places, but I haven't in my few visits and don't frequent them any more.
			
		

Ive been to a few of the GC brothels over the last 5 years or so.

As a whole the vibe is no better or worse than Sydney with receptionists. 
Personally I found the majority of them far more accommodating and friendlier than Sydney

One thing to add, And this is quite important up that way, as nasty extras can pop up whilst youve already handed over your hard earned and getting "intimate" with your WL. All of them have a lounge room or private intro room, where you have time to have a chat to the WL. In most cases the WL will ask you if you have any questions, or they will start some small talk. Taking advantage of this "intro time" is a must to get to know the WL you may fancy and the type of service and extras she charges. 

All my great punts on the GC, I have had a little chat, found out the dos and dont, and any extra nasty charges etc...
You soon find out who the genuine WLs are to the pretenders, and of course it does make sure you get a better punting experience than you would otherwise 

Simply picking one on looks alone is punting at its extreme form. But thats the case anywhere I guess and not exclusive to the GC. Then of course, you get in the room, and its you cant touch there, that is extra......you know the rest.


