Thread Title: Queenie Pearl - Hamilton, Brisbane - 0478 823 886
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2015, 09:38 AM
Poster ID: Josip
Post Title: 
 Queenie Pearl - Hamilton, Brisbane - 0478 823 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Queenie Pearl

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 20/07/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Phone - 0478823886  Queenie Pearl | Hamilton | Escorts & Babes

Hours of Business : Variable (generally works all days except Saturday)

Rates : $250/hr for premium GFE (other packages available for standard FS and masage)

Age : 25

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Hong Kong)

Services Provided : F/S (GFE available) and massage (qualified therapist)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This was my second time seeing Queenie, and it only improved on the first.  I booked her for a 2 hour incall session, and was answered at the door by her wearing some sexy lingerie as per usual.  After exchanging pleasantries and the financials, I was lead to the shower, where Queenie was kind enough to join me.  Not only did she ensure I was scrubbed clean, I was given a lovely blowjob, only made better by the feel of running water.  Eventually we moved to the bedroom where the fun continued.  I won't go into too much detail, but the summary was that I managed to get 2 shots off in the session, with a hefty break in between for a decent back massage.  Queenie was very accommodating to all my desires and is definitely not a clock-watcher.  I think she would be a great escort for anyone in Brisbane after a solid VFM punt with a cute asian lady.  The only real complaints that I have is that her recent increase in popularity has lead to a minor price rise and longer wait times to see her.  Suppose that's just how supply and demand works lol!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th October 2015, 03:06 AM
Poster ID: ilovesex24
Post Title: 
 Queenie Pearl - Hamilton, Qld - 0478 823 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Queenie Pearl

Establishment : Incall to Hamilton

Date of Visit : 2/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478823886, Hamilton, Queenie Pearl | Hamilton | Escorts & Babes

Hours of Business : 9am-10pm

Rates : $250/hr

Age : 26-28

Size/shape : Petite, A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, DATY, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

A couple of weeks ago I had the pleasure of booking Queenie for what I initially thought was going to be a massage and hand relief. Anyway, when I got there, saw her and after her warm welcome and great massage, I changed my plan part way through and decided to go full service. Queenie is a real honey. She's warm and friendly and very pretty. Her photos are exactly as you see them. 

After touching and teasing and kissing she lead me to the bed, a fantastic 'covered' oral sex got me rather er, excited.... I just wanted to watch her ride me until I cum. I sat up in the bed and she straddled me and slowly moved her hips as I stroked her back and legs watching her breasts and gently sliding my hands over her nipples ....I was so so horny by now. I got up bent her over the bed and watched "roger" slide in and out while she pushed back into me, she stood up while I was still inside her from behind and while squeezing her breasts and kissing her shoulders I exploded into one of the most intense orgasms I've ever experienced.


I'm sure Queenie would be great at what ever service she decided to offer, however the massage and gfe I had was perfect for me. Please treat her kindly lads she really is a very kind, and genuine person. So if you're after a yummy Asian genuine gfe I don't think you could do better than Queenie Pearl.


