Thread Title: Rach, Hervey Bay , QLD 0478 727 623
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st April 2016, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Rach, Hervey Bay , QLD 0478 727 623
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rach

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16/03/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478 727 623

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $200 per hour

Age : 27

Size/shape : 6 / slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Been in the area with the kids for a while with alot going on, so looked through locanto and come across this girl, easy to chat to and with rates will do a nice deal no issues there if your genuine and polite, so organise a hour only as only wanted to unload. So organise a time and arrived, tiny girl yet attractive, small boobs and simply 1 of the smallest bodies I have ever seen. So payed the dues, and onto it, she does a little strip tease, not much of a tease but it does the job, plenty of kissing allowed before we are both naked, plenty of touching allowed, with fingering her nice ultra tight and small pussy.

She proceeds with a ok blowjob, with heaps of spitting, and plenty of wanking in between sucking, a good 10 min of this and she was prepared to suck some more, but her pussy needed eating, before this thou as i was laying back on the bed with my legs touching the floor, she in reverse style wanted to be fucked, nice and enjoyable and very tight, so she begs then to be fucked doggy, and wow what a view my cock inside this very tiny body, a good 10 min of fucking before flipping her on her back and proceed to eat her gorgeous pussy. Her pussy is seriously one of the smallest I have ever seen, she loves a good eating too, loves it totally and would probably let you go all night in between a couple of minutes for her clit to settle then into it again. 

A good 15 min where she cummed at least 2 times. Once she settled a little time for the finishing act, climbed on with plenty of passion as I fucked her hard and fast, she loved it, telling me to fuck her harder, pumping away, her wrapping her legs around me to pull me deeper into her pussy, with plenty of passionate kissing and whispering of kinky stuff into my ear. Life was good fucking Rach, totally a great experience and was not long before I felt the balls swell then explode deed. Fuck it was a good fuck to say the least. Even after cumming she keep kissing me, more what you want for a few moments instead of just hope off and fuck off.

Overall: This girl is a pocket rocket, to say the least, she is not there for long sessions I dont think, more for the 30-45 min session and she gets right into it, I think the hour is to much for her, she tends to loose her way at times so my tip is a good 30-45 min session, 30 min with this girl is plenty and she gives plenty, loves showing her body and loves fucking. Have seen her a few times since, and only 30 min sessions and its more then enough, this is not a long session girl, 30 min is plenty and its great just to get in and be nasty with a girl who loves it hard, kinky and fast. You will enjoy.

Rating: 8/10

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th April 2016, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This girl is in Brisbane atm, just be careful when trying to book, look she can be a great fuck then she can be a lame duck, sort of like Banner / Hulk you just dont know what you will get, seen her quiet a few times, ...I put it down to 1 thing....if she had a few drinks she seems to go off in the sack, looses her inhibitions. When cold sober she is a bit of a sook. Also just try and pin down a firm price.

Look wont lie got one hell of a fuck not so long ago all for the use of my washing machine nothing more..........fucked me crazy for 2 hours while her clothes where washed and dried - on the drink....Another time paid for a lift literally 15 min up the road with a root - very lame.........Helped her with a $50 phone credit,,,,3 hours of wall to wall fucking..she had 3 cans before I picked her up, another 2 by the time we got down to it.............heading to the Bay on Friday gave her a lift to Maryborough as that is where she supposedly lives, well she does.....sober.............lame and complained about everything and just wanted it over with......come to pick her up for lift back to her motel in Brisbane, she had a few drinks..........fucked me stupid for 90 min....

P4P


