Thread Title: Rachel - Cracker - Brisbane - 0421 939 792
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th June 2016, 04:29 AM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: 
 Rachel - Cracker - Brisbane - 0421 939 792
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Rachel

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Rachel- intoxicating muse for the discerning executive (Australian Sweetheart) - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business: appointment


Rates: $300/hour

Age: Mid to late 30s

Size/shape: Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: 

You can tell from her ad on Cracker what is on offer, and that is what enticed me to contact her. Met Rachel, and she looks quite a bit older than her pics. Very curvy, almost a small bbw. Face is ok. The draw here is that she sucks cock like a pro. After so many Brissy sessions that had me paying extras, it was nice to see a fully inclusive service. No extra charges here.

I had quite a load waiting as it had been a few days between work travel. When I met Rachel, she said that she is submissive, and likes to be told what to do. This is totally true. You can have your way with her, within reason. 

I immediately had her get on her knees, and she proceeded to give me the best head I have had in a while. Lots of spitting, eye contact and dirty talk. It was ok to blow wherever I wanted. However, I held off, because I wanted to fuck her plump body. She was really wet, needed no lube, and was really enjoying herself. Even the slightest thrusts were getting vocal response from her. I went harder, and she started to go off, rubbing her clit as I fucked her from the side of the bed. She screamed and came, and I stopped for a while.

I knew what I wanted to do next. She adverts that she likes bukkake. This must be true. I had her on her knees again, furiously sucking my cock, until I pulled out of her mouth and stroked a massive load all over her face and tongue. She reveled in it, and looked up at me the whole time while sucking the residual off of my cock. 

A really nice gal; not exactly as she appears in the ad. More like a WL you would see at a mature establishment, though would be on the younger side of that. However, she does deliver, if that is what you are into.


