Thread Title: Rachel Grey - Hamilton - 0403 907 440
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd July 2013, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: munderstood
Post Title: 
 Rachel Grey - Hamilton - 0403 907 440
				
Post Content: 
erson's Name:Monica Lee

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:27/6/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Miss Monica Lee Private Qld Escort

Hours of Business: 7 days 

Rates:$400-500

Age:Mature ish ( milf ?)

Size/shape:Slender toned

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome value for money 

My experience/comments:

Arranged a meeting with Monica the day before. Rocked up to a nice new block of apartments and was buzzed in right away.
Upon opening the door i was met with a the same cheeky grin that can be seen on her website.
The next hour was a mess of sweat, fluids , kissing, arms, legs and panting.
She got me over the line twice , and was slightly disappointed i couldn't achieve a third pop.
Monica is a great lady and not a clock watcher, treat her right and she will reward you !


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th February 2015, 03:02 AM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Rachel Grey - Hamilton - 0403 907 440 (formerly Monica Lee)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Rachel Grey (formerly Monica Lee)
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: Dec 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.australian-babe.com/babes...nd/rachel-grey
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates: $500-600/hr depending on service (daytime special of $450/hr see website)
Age: late 30's
Size/shape: brunette, 5'6", size 12, dd-cup
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian - Kiwi
Services Provided: Full Service, BJ
Value for money/recommend?: Yes
My experience/comments: 

Winding down for Christmas, noticed Monica had a special for during the day so thought I'd try it. Arrangements were easy, her place is easy to find and convenient in Hamilton.

She welcomed me in lingerie, and took me straight to be bedroom kissing and taking my clothes off me. More kissing with a bit of a HJ before she had me on the bed sucking my balls. She must have done this for a few minutes with my cock completely hard before she set to work on that. Her BJ was good, shallow but lots of toungue and licking up and down the shaft and balls, and gentle tickling of my ass with her spare hand. 

She started off in reverse cowgirl before spinning around lying on top of me. She was enthusiastic without being rough or faux-porn. Sex was really good with her knowing just how to angle herself for the best penetration in any position. Missionary was probably the best with her rotating her hips to let me get to right to her cervix. When i was ready to cum she went back to a BJ leaving no mess to clean up. She was chatty and affectionate before a second round of BJ and titty fucking.  

Rachel is lovely and a great fuck, there is probably better value around but if she is what you're looking for then I would recommend.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th February 2015, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by the jesus


Person's Name: Rachel Grey (formerly Monica Lee)
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: Dec 2014
.

"""



Thank you the jesus.

Thread title updated.


