Thread Title: Rebecca (African American) - Brisbane (CBD)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st June 2011, 04:54 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 Rebecca (African American) - Brisbane (CBD)
				
Post Content: 
Brisbane - Rebecca african-American

Sitting in my hotel room in the CBD near Roma st watching the idiot box my phone rings, rebecca was on the other end and sounded very rushed and asked if she could move our booking right by an hour? Didn't have much chose on the matter and just pondered the fact that she would call again in an hour and tell me she was held up and couldn't make it.

Will the hour turned into an hour and a half no call and just as I was deciding to head out into town the boss calls and gives me the great news that I will have to head home the inland route tomorrow via tamworth with our HR girl Jodie. Just my luck(she fat ugly and a church going bitch that we all can dragon lady). Thinking this can't get any worst the phone to the room rings and it reception telling me I have a visitor in the lobby, please don't be Jodie is all I can think. But when I get down there it's rebecca, there is a god after all. She tells me she would have called but she left her phone I a cab. Anyhow straight to the room out with the wallet pay the girl and she darts off to the shower telling me to get comfy which I do. Then the music starts and I mean music like I was in a night club and out of the bathroom come Rebecca and starts a little strip show for me before she gets on her knees and begins licking my ball and shaft and tubing her hands up my chest. Was thinking to my self this was worth the wait she then pushed me onto the bed and before I had hit it she had my dick in her mouth and was going for it and I must say it was great felt like a BBBJ but when I looked down because lets face it there's nothing better then a black slut sucking a white cock, she had slipped on a Dom and was giving me a cbj! But fuck it was good. She then jump on me reverse cowgirl to let me look at her booty arse which was Devine before I did her doggie. After some time we moved to the lounge and I ate her black cunt and then slipped in to fuck her hard was about to cum and asked about Cumming on her tits as cum looks get on a black background but was told It would cost extra so I just rammed her pussy unit I came deep in her. I was at that time she said that was great and that she liked the fact the curtain was open the lights were on full and the people in the hotel room across the courtyard could have seen the whole thing. Didn't even notice myself but if I did I don't think I would have close them.
The deed done we had s chat as see got dressed and what extras she offered.
On top of her fee of $250 a hour she does anal for $100 and cob/cof $50 and also has a friend that is Asian and does a bi show with her for double the price but the Asian will only play with you and provide oral as she has a boyfriend who doesn't know what she does and doesnt want to cheat on him(I know has me fucked but if I'm in Brisbane again I will have to give it a go).

Now because Rebecca "lost her phone" I won't give that number to you all but this were I found her.
Brisbane Escorts - Escort Agencies & Adult Services in Brisbane


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st June 2011, 08:29 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey pj I really hope you keep us posted about your adventures with the dragon lady on your road trip and beyond. I reckon you secretly would love to scuttle her up the Gary glitter


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st June 2011, 08:59 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Don't remind me I have to see her next week for lunch with a new client...what the hell I should hey? But then I would have to amputate my little pick! And were would be the fun in that?


