Thread Title: Rebecca- Hamilton, QLD - 0402 913 286
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th February 2017, 06:58 PM
Poster ID: victorism
Post Title: 
 Rebecca- Hamilton, QLD - 0402 913 286
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : "Rebecca" *Not really, it was just what was written on her fake pic's tits*

Establishment : Private Aparment

Date of Visit : 13 February 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Mobile: 0402 913 286, Kingsford Smith Drive, Hamilton, Brisbane, http://brisbane.cracker.com.au/BodyR...eling/18835568 

Hours of Business : 7 Days a week, no times shown

Rates : 
Full Service:
1/2 hr $120 
1 hr $180
Erotic Sensual Relaxation Massage with hand relief/bodyslide Plus BJ
1/2 hour $100 
1 hour $150 Shower together

Age : Ad says 20/Reality says 35+

Size/shape : Chubby, size C tits a bit perky

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claimed to be Japanese; looks Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : Nope / And... Nope

My experience/comments : 

Doing some overtime Sunday work that lasts all day and feel like some sweet sweet relief.  Got out of a 10 hour shift at 6.30 and start digging through cracker for a HAB. Have a hard time sorting the fakes from the "Eh... What's the worst that could happen?"

My worst had finally happend. My punting has finally broken my 'no regrets' streak.

And so, I message this 'Rebecca'. Now, I use the emphasis because her ad doesn't mention her name and only comes up in someone's stolen pics of Rebecca written on her tit. I book for an hour massage.

I get there a 10 mins earlier than our agreed 7.30pm and she replies that she can see me early. Yasss.... I never see girls early... I get to the door and knock and hear a high pitched 'coming' and feel a little more excited... Until I lay eyes on the girl not in the pics. This chubby older lady is no where near 20. Maybe in 1995. 

Well I normally don't care about getting catfished but I just hope the service is any good. It isn't. 

I strip down. Pay the lady and get on the bed and wait. She leaves for a good 3 mins. I just keep hoping this will be worth it... She gets naked at least and asks if I want oil for the massage. Now this should have been a clue that this lady doesn't have a clue what she's doing. I say yes and she puts a teaspoon of oil on my back and starts moving it around. I say this because there's no pressure and it just ends up being a combo of soft touch and rubbing but no massage.  She starts getting around to using her elbows which is a change of pace and better than the back rub. 

Now this bugged me, She keeps her phone with her right next to the bed and answers texts with no apologies and just rubs my back with one hand until she replies to the text and stops completely.  After my legs and feet get rubbed it's on to the flip. Thinking there's at least a body slide coming since I was pretty sure her rubbing only lasted 20 mins, it's straight into a hj. Not even an option of bj was given even though her ad said it was included... Another 5 mins and I try to release early to her weird high pitch moan and "yeahss". I shoot, she cleans and I dress and depart. No offer of a shower at all! Which is in her ad. I check the time as I leave and notice I've only been in there for 30 mins tops, not even the full hour I paid for! 

A limp dick and $150 poorer I go home underwhelmed.

Please don't waste your time here.  I tried to get conversational and she tells me her English isn't good. I ask where she's from and get a "Japan....?".  I mean, I'm short sighted, not blind!

Her ad is just so fake. I really lost this round. Just be careful even if a name is on a tit. Not always going to be them.


