Thread Title: Riley Alexander - 0422 449 053 - Robina (but touring from Melbourne)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th February 2016, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Riley Alexander - 0422 449 053 - Robina (but touring from Melbourne)
				
Post Content: 
MODS, Could you please duplicate this review in the Vic thread.

Person's Name : Riley

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : Sometime in October

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422 449 053

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates : 350 per hour

Age : Mid to late 30's

Size/shape : Nicely put together size 16-18, massive cans

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBJ, Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

I do apologise to everyone at AUXXX as  this review is way too old to even be considered as noteworthy, however, unfortunately family and dramas have kept me from reporting of late. Frankly though at this rate, I had to notify my fellow Gold Coasters as well as Melbournians. 

Trawling through Locanto and I notice that Riley is once again back on advertising another tour of the Coast. Now I have never spent $350 on an hour before however, it had been a while since my last punt and I thought what the hell!

Getting in touch and liaising with Riley about setting up an appointment was the easiest process. Riley was minding a friend's place in Robina which she was using to work from from. She let me know that the friend was also a worker and If I'm not wrong by the selfies, the place belonged to the infamous Isabella Rose. 

Now Let's cut to the chase, getting through the complex was straight forward and not before long I was greeted by Riley in a lovely lingerie set topped with a g-string accentuating her ass. 

Riley is probably best described as rubanesque; her photo's are pretty spot on.  

Having had a shower, Riley then got to work kissing and allowing me to dine on her before eventually giving me a half assed BBBJ. 

Now the sex felt great I'm not going to lie about that but there was one aspect of the punt which soured the session as a whole. Riley likes to do things her own way. Whether it was kissing or just doing her in Doggy, Riley had her own roles of what to do and what not to do and it completely spoiled the intimacy of the session whereby I was constantly having to remind my brain of what was kosher and what wasn't. On top of this, penetration was met with quite a bit of FOAM which overall makes her come across as someone that just doesn't enjoy her job. 

It's a shame though cause after our session, I had quite a nice chat with Riley and it may even seem as though she doesn't mind this after the hour is up but at $350 an hour (and this is her discounted rate mind you), I'm going to want to have more than just nice conversation. 

WMS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th February 2016, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: wally
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Wing.... what did you mean by the "infamous"  Isabella Rose ?

I always thought she was well reviewed and thought of.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th February 2016, 09:26 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Wally,

Sorry I think i've used the wrong word here...it should have been well known. But I actually can't vouch for her as I've never seen Isabella.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th February 2016, 09:35 AM
Poster ID: wally
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep thought you may have used the wrong word.

No harm done,  just wanted to be sure there was nothing out there I had missed about Isabella.

I haven't seen her myself but have been tempted.

Limited funds and timing keep me with a regular (or two).


