Thread Title: Rita - Cairns - 0467 169 188
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th October 2014, 07:30 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Rita - Cairns - 0467 169 188
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rita

Establishment : Apartment

Date of Visit : October 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertises as "Rita Hot Asian" 0467169188 I have seen her Ad on Locanto and will update/add link if I see it again

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : Half hour $120 Hour $200

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Short and slim/thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full sex

Value for money/recommend? : Waste of money, ridiculously rushed service.

                                            Rita Advertises in the Cairns post and Locanto but not on Locanto at the moment I will add the link next time I see it. Calles herself “Rita Hot Asian new to town size 6 real pics available”

 I went to see another Asian girl at 63 Macleod Street, but when I got there the pics and description didn’t fit so I bailed. 

A few minutes later the phone went and an invite to see Rita, 2 rooms down I asked a few questions and was told “come and see me, we can talk then”. Being so close I took up the offer, she was not any better looking but she hadn’t misled me so we agreed kissing, full sex, half hour $120. 

  Rita is late 20’s around 5ft tall, slim to thin with and was heavily made up.

  She tried to get me to up the booking to an hour, I explained, “maybe next time” then when I gave her $150 she tried to treat the extra $30 as a gift, I made a joke of it and got the change. Quick shower and she we went to the bedroom, I tried kissing, which lasted all of 5 seconds, she was telling me how horny she was for me, hand straight on my dick, I moved her back and tried to slow things down but it was like being raped, she would not let go and slipped a condom on.

 I still tried to ease back but she wouldn’t leave off and ended up pushing herself over my cock, at that point I let it happen. I could have been too big for her, or another reason but her hand soon wrapped round my dick and stayed between us, really spoiling the moment.

  As soon as it was over she pulled away, cleaned up and led me to the shower. This is probably under 10 minutes from arrival. I showered, dressed, she helped me by coming in and holding my shirt, then went to lead me to the door. We are now 15 minutes into a half hour appointment; I diverted us to the bed again and sat her on my knee.

She was uneasy with this so I explained, we still had 15 minutes left so there was time for kissing and cuddling. Then there was a knock at the door, it was clear she had intended to rush me and taken another booking.

We discussed the situation and I insisted on a 50% refund, she gave me $20, when I asked for the other $40 she said “you can stay” and went to grab back the $20. I kept it and left, warning the surprised next client what to expect.

I don’t know if he stayed or not. Just another shocking Asian experience; all too common in cairns. If I ever see an Asian in 63 Macleod Street again it will be on a pay after basis so I guess it will never happen.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th October 2014, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by joculese


Person's Name : Rita

Establishment : Apartment

Date of Visit : October 2014
.

"""



Thank you for sharing this unenviable experience joculese.

Good review.

It goes against the grain, but it helps everyone when you share the bad as well as the good.

This lady, or her management, obviously believe there is a sucker born every minute, that
nothing more is required than getting the punter out the door as soon as possible, and 
every disappointed customer will be rapidly replaced by another sucker.


