Thread Title: Rose - Boondall - 0423 666 439
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th August 2018, 05:56 PM
Poster ID: mycanon
Post Title: 
 Rose - Boondall - 0423 666 439
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_2...-Boondall.html

Hours of Business : By Appointment, usually daytime hours

Rates : $150 / hour FS GFE Massage

Age : 40~

Size/shape : 8 to 10, really nice firm but soft skin C cup naturals with nice nipples, tall, long legs, super soft skin (advert pics are totally accurate; tits are actually better in person)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Shanghai Chinese

Services Provided : Kissing, Mutual Oral and CFS

Value for money/recommend? : YES, one of the best in a long time, full GFE at $150 an hour

Comments:
Based on the ad, I was looking for a nice RnT Massage.  Arrived about 5 mins late due to parking issues, street was chokkers!  Led into the room and whilst she was nice, she did bang on about my being late.  Gave her $100 cash and was asked if I wanted massage or FS.  Told her I didnt realise FS was on menu.  She said it was $100 - 30 mins FS or $150 the hour.  I asked if she had another appointment after me - no quiet day.  So WTF was she banging on about me being 5 mins late if she had no other appointments?!!   Asked if I could start with 30 mins and extend if we clicked?  No problem.  She took money while I got changed. When she came back I was sitting on the bed getting myself ready, thinking I'd just go the 30 mins.

Off came her kit and a seriously nice body. Mature, but well looked after and nice C cuppers with a smooth shaved pussy to boot.   She gave me some cuddles and told me to stop getting myself ready or I wouldnt last the hour!
Ok, so lie back for a massage, which she is rather good at, then turn over and she starts on the feet and works up until she is sitting on my belly and rubbing my chest.  Going well methinks. She is chatty but not overly so.  Gave me some nice kisses and played with my nipples and asks me if I am happy. Yes I said, then straight in she asks if I want the 1 hour. Still thinking says I, then she starts rubbing her pussy on my belly and said she'd make me happy.
Quick shuffle and she starts into a great hand massage of teh old feller and a ball massage. Now this isnt you usual light tickle and stroke, but a full on ball massage of the sack and everything in it.  Feels both strange and plesant at the same time.  At this point I am enjoying myself so I thought I would extend.  Told her and to my surprise, didnt ask for the money straight away!

Ball massage continued, along with some date massage for me and now I am hard and ready to go.  Mentioning how ready I am, she stands up on the bed, walks up to me and squats down over my face and tells me to eat her pussy!  This is a first in a while.  So I oblige, but unfortunately it is not the most plesant experience.  Dont think we have showered or freshened up before I arrived or while I was changing.  Real turn off.  So i kissed her legs and played with her boobs and asked her to give me some head.  To which she chucked a u turn and assumed the 69.  She is really keen to get her pussy eaten, and when things are clean and fresh I love to oblige, but!!

Kept up appearances with my fingers and lots of kissing her bum and legs until I was getting close.  Told her, so quickly on with the raincoat and she mounts up.  Not much feeling as she is a little loose down south, plus I wasnt really getting the good vibe on the session.  Anyhow several minutes of her riding me and my playing with her tits got me over the line.  Off she jumped and left the room??  So I grabbed some tissues and wet wipes, removed the dom and cleaned myself up.  I was half dressed by the time she returned to ask why I was dressed, still 20 mins left??  I told her I had another appointment so I was happy to head off a bit early in case of traffic. 

She looked a bit wary until I gave her the $50. I get the impression she might get ripped off by disappointed punters?!  All in all 45 minutes and I was out the door.

WIR:  Possibly. The massage was good, as was the ball massage.  DATY is a personal favourite and she looked very good and presented well, BUT the lack of recent hygiene was off putting.  Maybe if I try again, I might suggest a quick shower together at the intro to ensure everything is neat and tidy for the main course.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th July 2019, 11:18 AM
Poster ID: protossno87
Post Title: 
 Rose Sweet Heart - Boondall QLD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : 149 Zillmere Rd, Boondall QLD (Private Residence)

Date of Visit : 03/07/2019

Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...osesweetheart/

Phone : +61423666439

Hours of Business : 8am till late (Sat/Sun by appointment)

Rates : $100 30m, $150 45m, $200 60m

Age : Ad states 28, looks to be 38

Size/shape : C cup, average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (Shanghai) Aus Permanet Resident

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, CIP, all positions

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely 

My experience/comments :

This is my second time seeing rose in the last month and good to see her service has not changed.
Rose is late 30 Chinese with an average body (ad says size 10 which matches), firm C cup breasts (ad D cup) long black hair and nicely trimmed pussy. She greets you at the door with a sexy black laced dress as the same as her first ad photo.

First step is to get the good old johnny a clean in the shower and some mouth wash for the both of us, good hygiene policies.

Next she gives provides a short massage which I opted out the second time and proceeded to a BBBJ which is not offered on the site but said I was the cleanest so far (boys cleanliness is key to a free BBBJ).

Now to sex, she grinds on top with her hips vigorously  back and forth until she is wet and tired.
Rose is a real trooper, she will offer positions on the bed or her massage table in the next room for a weel-positioned full penetration which voids the need for lube as she gets so wet.

Rose is not a time watcher, after 30mins of hot hard sex she knew I could not cum and offered bareback for $50. I only paid $100 for 30mins, got a free BBBJ and been at it for 30mins so I did not refuse.
Going bareback made her wet even more and dragged her to the corner of the bed, spread her legs wide open and pounded her until I came inside and left her wet, cumfilled and sweaty.

She thanked me for making her wet and cum 4 times in a paid 30min session that lasted 50mins, both had a shower as she rubbed me down with her intimate body wash and walked me out the door saying she will see me again soon.

Guys, as you can see TLC and cleanliness goes a long way. This girl will definitely be a regular for me movint forward.


