Thread Title: Roxy - Spring Hill - 0481995549
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th March 2018, 08:54 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Roxy - Spring Hill - 0481995549
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Roxy 

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481995549


Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : $100 short time 

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Petite Thai, great round enhanced tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
She was really accommodating polite and sweet. Great value for a quickie. 

So I met Roxy at her apartment was pretty straight forward booking with short notice. Roxy looked like the photos on backpage. She doesn't have an overly attractive face but she is a cute bubbly Thai girl and very playful. 

She started sitting on the bed licking my balls and jerking my shaft then running her tongue up my shaft before getting a dom on and devouring my cock. The CBJ went on for a little while before she insisted on jumping on top with a little buzz toy she strategically placed on her clit whilst she rode me. 

Roxy manoeuvred herself on top in a few different ways and is a pretty skilled rider. She made herself cum then demanded I fuck her doggie. So on the edge of the bed her pert and petite Thai butt perched waiting for me. I entered and plundered her pussy deep whilst rubbing my thumb on her ass. She indicated it was extra to fuck her ass but I chose not to partake. I pounded it home before pulling out , whipping off the dom and cumming all over her beautiful round enhanced tits. She played with my cum rubbing my cock and jizz all over her nipples and titty fucking me til my cock expelled all it had. 

An enjoyable VFM punt.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th March 2018, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Solution,

Do you mind advising how much extra was it for the trip to greece (aka anal)? Thank you

CG


