Thread Title: Rubee Gladstone Qld 0423 640 821
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2019, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Rubee Gladstone Qld 0423 640 821
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rubee

Establishment : private Home

Date of Visit : 02/03/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0423 640 821

Hours of Business : enq7ire but can be available when ever

Rates : $250ph

Age : 22

Size/shape : 6f tall and 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian \irish

Services Provided : full servoce

Value for money/recommend? : Yes \Yes

My experience/comments : 
2 hours $450 this session.

Been in Gladstone past few days for business & decided to see a few girls while up here....amazing how some towns or small cities seem to have a over supply of working girls and Gladstone always has them available & I seen 3 girls in their 20s past 3 days & all have a great service so we will start with Rubee.
Booking was easy, text she replies with rates it's that simple. Address given and it seems girls up here are happy for you to visit them.
Arrive on time & first thing you notice is how tall she is...very tall...another thing to notice is she smokes...it does not take away from the service she provides but I think this is the only part of the whole booking she failed on.

Her house stinks of smoke so be warned. One area I did notice is once booking make & you arrive she will not touch her phone at all. Even between fucking bouts. She leaves it out side in the loungroom with the money. She says it's one area most girls fall short & I have to agree as well. Her smoking is one area she can improve.

Anyways she is a tall girl, not pretty but attractive, nice body fantastic naturally hanging tits. Her service is very much tailered to your needs.
First round she is very passionate before I get to eating pussy & she does get mega wet...sticky & the taste is heaven...15 min of this before she gives a good bbbj...she claimed this is her specialty....well I don't think so it's a good blowjob....but compared to the other 2 gals I seen in Gladstone it would be 3rd best in Gladstone.

Anyways on to fucking blow hard n chill....before I moved onto round 2 by eating her ass. I will admit she cleaned her self up between rounds....her ass loved a tongue in it before more eating the pussy & a side by side 69er this was a better version of her blowjob with face fucking & her spitting & it went on a fuck load more...she hops on we fuck I blow she again goes toilet to clean up.

Not done a 3 cummer in a while....but with still a good 45 min left we head to showers where she proceeds into blow me for a spell before bending her over & fucking her before pulling out a decent 3rd load over her face.. 

All in all a good $450 spent on a attractive yet very much plain looking tall girl who may spruke more in her selling then she delivers. She talks if you let her & that issue is she will forget what your there for so while you have to in ways let her know you wanna fuck her she is fine to either fuck the whole session or like mine take some breaks.
She smokes & this is a down side....if your not a smoker maybe advise her before a visit. But she wont use her phone so another plus.
She claims a great blowjob, it's good...not great. Plain girl who thinks she is beautiful...she is but not striking very much plain & one where the tattoos ruin her over all look.

All in all a great time had...best in Gladstone....
3rd best Bbbj.
2nd best looking pussy.
2nd only just tho fuck in Glady.

Tidbit: Ever been to Gladstone? This is one fucked up designed city...literally like the dropped precincts from the sky & where they fell they built the City around the fallen blocks. It's a nightmare to navigate & she is a small fucking city...for you big City fellas I have been to Sydney heaps so think of say Campbelltown yes spread out 15 times the size.

P4P


