Thread Title: Ruby - Hervey Bay - 0484 355 821
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th May 2018, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Ruby - Hervey Bay - 0484 355 821
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12/5/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $150/30...$200/60min

Age : 35

Size/shape : slim 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asut

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Easy girl to book, works most days but enquire as she will reply via text rather prompt at times, other times not so fast.

Arrived nice flat on the bay, easy to talk to and pretty, good body but veins through her legs maybe off putting to some, boobs saggy from kids but she is pretty.
Took the 30 min option with anal $200 all up, everything safe , very passionate & loves for play.

Loved her pussy ate no end,very good blowjob even with condom its still a fun blowjob with deep throat and variety.

Sex is fun & let's you control the tempo, onto anal and very little persuasion tbh, easy fit & she does love anal more then vaginal sex.

All in all a good experience & treat her right 

P4P


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th May 2018, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great to see you back P4P, always enjoy your awesome reviews!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th August 2018, 09:35 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : ruby

Establishment : private address

Date of Visit : 10\08\2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : new number please update thread 0491 353 471

Hours of Business : enquire

Rates : $250 for a hour this visit

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : full with anal

Value for money/recommend? : yes \ absolutely

My experience/comments :
With pickings very slim up in the region of late I went back to a ole regular who I have seen a few times especially when she lived Maryborough as I was out working in the area. But she is in a nice bottom floor apartment that is clean and tidy. So she knows what I want and rare for her to offer a certain service so I upsell for the extra $50 for her new extra GFE service for her regular clients....and that means yoiu have seen her a few times....not once....a few times.

OK as stated her legs with her viens may turn off some clients but she is a very pretty girl for her age, easily pass of as mid 20s and she did when she started working many months ago but she said she found being honest about her age was easier when clients come for the first time.

Another very interesting point for about a month she upped her price on the hour rate, to double so for the hour was $300 but she said she lost most of her regular clients and new clients where few and far between, so she has gone back to her original prices and she said her regulars have come back to the fold. Lesson she actually said was just because you are a regular don't mean you will pay more for what you use to get. The hour is my idea option with her, for the extra $50 for that half hour is worth it for a more relaxed play , in the half hour while she never rushed it you can tell in ways the clock was ticking and rightly so at times was pushed onto other services as time was running out! Now in the hour you can play a lot more and not be as rushed.

Now I pay my dues and the fun starts even before you pay, she is very affectionate and loves to play and tease, I always state before I arrive what sort of session I want, these days as I approach my 50th I find 2 shots a struggle in the hour especially with girls I have seen before so I stated a lot of play and visual stimulation this time and this is what transpired. After about 10 min of us stripping each other, cuddles and kissing and masturbating each other while standing up , I lay on the bed where she proceeds to play with her self, spreading her pussy as she stood over me and lowered her pussy down and rubbed it on my cock and face...where before long she proceeds to give a outstanding blowjob, she is skilled in this department and its great, she mixed it up all the time, spitting and slapping that dick on her face and in her mouth, she knows how to suck cock and delivers. 

Onto the pussy and ass eating , she loves it no end, fingers and tongue explore her cunny and I eat like a starved human, before we flip into a side by side 69er where we explore each others genitals before the Dom goes on for some very good fucking, first her pussy gets a good fucking, she loves when you take control and advise her what to do, no standard missionary here, she will spread her legs wide and her pussy as you fuck her....then onto anal and she as stated before loves anal. So balls deep for 5 min before exploding hard and she continues til your drained and your cock is actually limp. We still had 5 min left and she cuddles into me and reflects on her skills and my skills. 

As the timer went off ( my only negative is with timers with her and she knows it) we chat and she again tells me how she made the fatal mistake of thinking her regulars would pay a lot more and she won't be doing that again. She stated she is happy with half her bookings being regulars and how she tried to make it more fun and variety as she said a few regulars dropped off for a while because while they where having fun it was all to routine for them so now she tries to mix it up with regulars and offers a special extra for regular clients each visit (regular 5 or more visits) and as I said I will be back again and again if you mix it up and give me something new all the time,as in just something different, not always the same routine as that's more exciting.

Look you can't go past this very pretty mid 30s girl who can be passed off as being late 20s. Her boobs are a tad saggy with kids and all but still she is pretty and very generous with her time. She is easy to talk to and more then happy if you advise her before the session as to what sort of session you want, she listens and delivers. I have had one full service of a hour where it was mainly oral a few visits back and it was intensely satisfyingly to say the least, she charged me $150 for the hour with just oral, I ate her a little but mainly the full hour with her playing, sucking and teasing my cock with me tits, mouth and pussy and totally worth it.

Highly recommended if your in the area to enjoy Ruby and what she has to offer.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th September 2018, 09:38 AM
Poster ID: smileychef
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Sept '18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private address Hervey Bay advertises in local paper (chronicle online)

Phone :0491 353 471

Hours of Business : Most - enquire

Rates : $200/hr

Age : early 30's?  (looks late 20's)

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie... 

Services Provided : FS and some....

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes.

My experience/comments : Ruby was easy to get hold of and replied fairly quickly. I usually enquire the day before so I often get the time I particularly want as I always have to travel a fair distance. Asked about extras after reading payforplay's review as I fancied a bit of backdoor action. In my experience if a WL offers anal for $50 she is into it! There were others available, but not my cup of tea.

Apartment is easy to find and has a great view (inside and out!!), parking is a breeze.

Appointed time comes and I enter the apartment to find a pretty 'girl next door' looks late 20's but apparently is very early 30's, straight brown hair, slim, lady in a negligee. Ruby leads me in turns me round and plants a good kiss on the lips with a little tongue action. Good start.. $$ out the way after I ensure anal is on the cards, she then says looking me up and down, its size dependant... OK...?? She says that if I am too big then she will just return the $50. Can't be more honest or fair than that can you?

Even though I had a shower just before I left it was an hours drive so I jump in to freshen up. Out I come and she is naked on the bed gently playing with herself, this gets me 'warmed up' straight away. She looks at me as I walk to the bed, grabs my cock and says "I have good news and bad news"..... Hmmmm.... "Good news is I'm going to have a lot of fun with this, bad news is you are waaaay tooo big for my ass"... Ho hum....

So we lie and soon are an entanglement of bodies with some very sensous kissing. She is "keen to get that thing inside me" and asks to pass the lube because she doesn't get wet till she cums.... Ha ha, such an unsubtle hint...

So I go down to explore a very tight little pussy. She encourages digital insertion and away we go.... I start playing around with her arsehole and find it already lubed up/wet and think 'why not?' so I slip a finger in and judging by the moans its going down well. Then an almost quiet groan and a definite shudder and yes one happy lady... Now I kneel up and she grabs the dom and slides it on with her mouth and goes to town on it... rather delicious blow job but I can tell she just wants to be filled up so I slide into what is really quite a tight pussy for having had 2 kids. And away we go!

I lie down panting and spent.. Ruby asks if I want a slow massage and why not? We chat and laugh and she is a great person, very down to earth. After a while she asks if I'm ready for round 2 and my retort is 'are you?' she giggles and lies down and spreads her pussy lips and says 'do I look ready?'.... no more encouragement needed!! I go down again and slurp away on that delightful little pussy... Soon I have one finger in her ass and two in her pussy and she is creaming this time, screams out and biting the pillow.... This time she needs a rest.  before sliding her little mouth over me again to cover me and ensure I am swollen to capacity...

Rubbered up and lubed up we go again.... as soon as I am engulfed by that tight little pussy she is rubbing away to give herself another orgasm grinding on top of me.. CG is not my fav position, but she is having fun and after a while I roll her over to mish and start rhythmically pounding, then I switch to the scissors to let my finger slide in her inviting ass.... Oh I love that feeling of getting the whole finger in as my cock is sliding in and out.... Ruby is busy rubbing away and screaming into the pillow. After a while I grab the lube and try to be cheeky, I slide out and start very gently pushing my head against her ass dripping lube onto it, she is furiously rubbing away and I eventually slide the head in, she reaches round to keep me in check (I guess so I didn't just ram in and possibly split her open) and I get a little more in, only a couple of inches but there you go. I gently just watch it slide in and out of that tight tight ass and keep prodding away, eventually she turns round and says it hurts a bit so I stop immediately. She wipes me off and virtually drags it back into her snatch, off we go again but soon she says "I need it doggie" so I oblige and start watching it slide in and out while she continues to rub away. I slide my thumb in her ass and go for probably one of the best and longest fucks I have had in ages finally letting out a huge groan and just about collapse in a sweaty heap with her.

We lie panting and laughing as her mouth is full of hair... She is off to the shower and asks if I want to join so she can soap me off but I literally can't stand, jelly legs! Eventually she comes out and says 'oh we are 15 mins over' but thats it. Doesn't chase me out as we have very pleasant conversation after.

WIR. Yes. Any luck she gets shagged up the arse more and relaxes enough to fit me all in next time...

A couple of unusually pleasant points about Ruby. 1. on leaving she told me her real name. 2. She offered some other possibilities for next time. (sorry I'm not going to share because I didn't ask if she does that with everyone so have to respect her privacy and personal preference.)

As usual, if you treat the lady politely and with respect for her body Ruby will go the extra mile and be an absolute winner. A rare find in this barren area.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th September 2018, 12:02 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She is a good fuck then some.
I have found tho and maybe it me the more familiar she gets with you as I have seen her quiet a bit, the more she sort of , while not dialing it in, more she tried to dial it in, so you have to keep letting her know what you want, especially with 2 rounds, this is a must otherwise she will not try to get you in the mood a 2nd time.

First 2 times sure she was a fuch hound , last 8 odd times she tries not to go a second round and in general its fine I try to make the hour last with lots of oral, fingering and ass play. 

Not sure on how the apartment was for you, but it was messy as all shit and in the bathroom a used pad or 2 where there for all to see.

But they are minor points, all in all this girl loves passion and fucking & $200 for a hour is great value especially as its genuine GFE, then some.
On her extra specials for regulars, don't read to much into it, I know what your talking about & at one stage she offered a extra specialty that I received but soon stopped it as she basically said to me I'm a idiot for going down that path & even offered it to first time visitors
Anyways a fun girl especially up here, great pussy and decent head...

Reminds me have a 2 hour booking Saturday with anal coming up.
I do know with the anal if she is genuine not in the mood she will fain a excuse, has to me a couple of times yet other times begs me to fuck her ass then some.

P4P


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd September 2018, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a heads up in Ruby.
Had a booking Friday night then copped a barrage of abuse from the lass over obviously something she got confused or a mix up of a client.
She apologize the next day but this has done it for me.
Not sure what is going on with her but just be warned if you intend to visit she went of the tree at me for nothing I done. To the point of threats of violence over obviously a mix up on her part 

P4P


