Thread Title: Ryder - Hervey Bay, Qld - 0487 661 448
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th September 2016, 09:45 AM
Poster ID: John Skold
Post Title: 
 Ryder - Hervey Bay, Qld - 0487 661 448
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ryder

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 23/9/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Phone 0487 661 448

Hours of Business: Variable. Message/call to arrange.

Rates: $220/hr. $170/30mins.

Age: Mature. 38.

Size/shape: Size 8. Slender.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian.

Services Provided: Full Service.

Value for money/recommend?: Good value for money. Unrushed session.

My experience/comments:

{Punting Preamble}

I’d found myself on the Fraser Coast of sunny QLD, had some time to spare, and this lady was recommended by a mate.

A change in my punting plan of the day left a gap, and Ryder was able to accommodate a booking at short notice.

The incall was at a motel near the Hervey Bay Esplanade, centrally located, with plenty of nearby parking.


{Session starts here}

When I knocked on the door I was welcomed in by Ryder, and I was relieved that she was the same lady promised.

Such a small detail. Sometimes so rare.

Tall, relatively. Age, about 38. Size 8 or so. B-Cups. Slender frame, not quite athletic, and not quite curvy. Nicely tanned. Quite pretty. $220/hr. Or $170/30mins.

I’m also pretty sure she started off in a dress, but within minutes she was down to lingerie. We chatted comfortably for a little, I showered, and the session really started.

Now, for the details. There was some very nice kissing. Some other foreplay. A too-short stint of oral on me, more my fault than hers. Then we were off to the races, and Ryder kept me going until the very end.

We went through the usual kinds of positions. Cowgirl was great, exploring Ryder’s breasts while feeling and seeing the coupling. A right spoon for an extended time, kind of languorous, and very nice. Caterpillar, enjoying the lines and curves of Ryder’s back and waist, hips and ass; her hands on the headboard, or crossed over her lower back. There was also some missionary, Ryder’s thighs and calves locked in, pulling and keeping us together. Finally finishing with COB on and around her navel.

Overall it was a good honest sweaty session, with a lady who seemed quite genuine.

Couldn’t have asked for more, really.

There was some clean up, some chatting as I recovered, easy and flowing. Another shower followed. Two, actually. Might have to save water, next time.

And I was out the door, ready to face the day. And have a nap.


{Punting Postscript}

This session was surprisingly good. Having the advertising pictures match reality was a delightful anomaly in this part of the country. Ryder backed that up with an energetic, accommodating session that wore me out. And was a lot of fun.

Would I recommend? Yes. If you like a lady who is mature, fit, tall, and energetic (& Caucasian), then Ryder might be for you.

Would I return? Yes. After having shared a good session, after having found a good service provider in these parts, I’m keen to see how repeat visits might develop.


Live Well & Happy Punting,

JohnS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th September 2016, 05:57 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen Ryder a few times, generally she is a 2 shot pot of gold, she is gorgeous & one heck of a great body, generally book her for 2-3 hours & never fails to let me down.

I am glad you enjoyed, one of a few I recommended to JS for, mostly worked out...Always here to help mate...

P4P


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd January 2017, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: Mackdaug
Post Title: 
 Ryder - Hervey Bay - 0487661448
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ryder

Establishment : Private Incall

Date of Visit : Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Australian | Adult & Escort Services | Personals | Fraser Coast Chronicle

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 150 / 30 min

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Slim 8 - A/B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service, Massage, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, Considering the location.

My experience/comments : 

Seen Ryder a few times over the past few months, great  fuck, value for money, has a real sexy side to her once you get to know  her. Pretty much does what she's told 

Great body for her age and know what's she's doing.
A regular for me here in the bay.


