Thread Title: Sam, - Maryborough, QLD - 0499 686 848
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2016, 07:59 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Sam, - Maryborough, QLD - 0499 686 848
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sam - Name Used

Establishment : Private Motel

Date of Visit : 16/08/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://maryborough.locanto.com.au/ID...W-IN-TOWN.html

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $250 / hour

Age : 21

Size/shape : 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : 1st up, inbox her or message her, she will give you her number or ask for yours. 2nd be careful she will text & try to call alot, just a warning for those who have a Mrs, 3rd she will get her manager , body guard, friend all depends what story she tells you to call too..............So most certainly be careful. 

Hard sort of review to do, she screams of scam, but she is not, she screams of dodgy but she is not, she is a attractive girl, nice big tits, nice figure, brunette, shaved slit, so i met up at her "mates" house, being in town that date for work, met up with a friend then finally Sam gets back to me and gives me rates that at 1st where sort of funny goes like this.

p4p: hey hun how are ya, thanks for contacting me, looking for rates etc please & thank you.
sam: hey love, its $170 for 30 min, thats for like a walk in the park, a coffee down the local shopping centre....
p4p: No sorry i think i have the wrong lady, im after sex and yea so i think you for your reply and all the best.
sam: oh hunni that is me, that will cost say $150 + $200 for a blowjob after the walk in the park so for you a discount so $350
p4p: already said no sorry, I dont want no walk in the park, i have children and grand children who do that shit for free, as for coffee i have clients who shout me coffee, all i wanted was sex and fun for a hour or 1 but at your rates im scared to ask.
sam: oh ok lets start at $500 or $900 for 2 hours.
p4p: please leave me alone, them rates are just not work commenting on, so lets leave it there..
sam: ok well how much you want to pay for this tight shaved young slit ? 
p4p" seeing thou you gave me stupid rates, i will give you stupid rates, $100 a hour 
sam: ok hun if you come tonight $400 for 2 hours. as much sex as you want.
p4p: seeing as thou your not being stupid now ok.

That was almost the convo.
Anyways arrived at who ever the fucks house it was, went in, nice looking girl if not had a weird jawline lol but cute enough, into the room, chatted for 2 min confirming what we had chatted about, etc....$250 handed over as the other $150 would be for hour 2.

Anyways handed to her she left and 5 min later comes back and we get into pretty much standard sex, she gave a ok bbbj, as long as wanted, i knew this would be a 1 shot hour so figured in these scenarios to just take the time, she sort of tried to rush til I said, chill out babe, we have a hour, she said dont you wanna cum 2 times, I said no hun, just be 1 so take your time, she seemed to off calm right down and into a good 25 min bbbj, good as in long not as in good skills, they where ok....flipped her over for some nice puss eating, another 15 min before time was there for the sex, sex was standard, on top 1st where she seemed to enjoy the best, not great but she seemed to, then me on top, this she never liked all that much but still it was ok then doggy, for her i think she liked as she dont need to see your face lol but a good 5 min of fucking before blowing over her tits, deed done.

Overall: Would i recommend ? No to many variables with this girl, another girl who is attractive, young, and thinks she is work $500 a hour in a country town that simply wont pay it, she more or less admitted it in the booked dressing, she said no one has the money up here, she is a local been living away of late, I honestly feel those punters who are shy & gullible will be ripped off as in money & session time. Just be careful is all I am saying.



AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st August 2016, 07:47 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A friend seen this girl last night. Much the same wanted $400 for a blowjob & massage nothing more, finally settled on $400 for 90 min true GFE.

He said she was ok, sure a bit nutzo at times, affected maybe by other things not just alcohol and never cared for what was going on but he said 3
pops in about 100 min and he was happy enough but would not get her again & she done good enough once into it to enjoy what was going on. He said she did send out warning signs when he 1st contacted her, asking what he wanted in regards to well illicit items,  he eventually asked about pussy as he said it & she said sure have a tight pussy for you. 

I dont know, have a bad feeling about this girl, I am normally right when it comes to bad feelings.

P4P


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st August 2016, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
@Payforplay. She'd be laughed out of any city with those stupid prices....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st August 2016, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well i think she is more trying to get the more gullible men out there, but in regional Aust $400 for a blowjob just wont cut it. And i feel she is feeling the pinch right now, more messages and phone calls looking for a special $150 for the hour was today.

P4P


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd August 2016, 10:16 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Look i have very much noticed, and i pointed it out a couple of times, just because a girl is pretty, good body, it dont mean she will earn alot of money with sex work, especially in a small town (H Bay 50000 Maryborough 25000) where she is a local, means alot of men even if they wanted to wont go near her with partners when they know her, or know off her, its life, once they been in town more then a few days the new car smell wears off, the girls realise no guy is going to spend $400 on a massage and blowjob for 30 min, hence why she come down to $400 for 90 min FULL SEX with nothing apart from anal off the table, they realise real soon there are no big spenders in town, and with alot of girls who advertise in the local paper, on locanto - and the girls who dont advertise BUT work a few days a week - I  know 6 who dont advertise yet do sex work, alot of guys just want a $100 Asian for 20 min to bust a nut, so in the end they fail simply because..........

1. Population
2. Over charging and dont get clients
3. New girls always coming through so that new girl taste is gone in a few days.
4. Girls that dont advertise take alot of the business.
5. Just because you are attractive, and have a vagina it is simply not a licence to print money.
6. Its not a City with 3m or 6m people. Like Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane etc. 

Cheers.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th August 2016, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They will only make a sale if the price they ask for the quality of service meets market expectations. Add to this other limitations as P4P has stated further reduces the potential market.


