Thread Title: Samantha -  Kelvin Grove - Locanto ad only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th February 2014, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Samantha -  Kelvin Grove - Locanto ad only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Samantha

Establishment : Priv Residence

Date of Visit : 25/02/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : See Review / Locanto

Hours of Business : Negitoable

Rates : $400 / 1 hour - Negotiable

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Pregnant slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : NO / Maybe

My experience/comments : Ok now I have seen her adds up a couple times over the past few months, today (yesterday) well I liked her pic & the shape, slime with that nice pregnant bulge, she is very reluctant to give out her mobile number til its locked completely in & that I understand. I will also say from the get go I feel she is a or has been a sex worker in the past maybe some one would of seen her & confirm for me, I get the vibe she has done sex work before just in a few things. Now any one who has been married or has children know pregnant girls either love fucking or hate it, no in-between from my experiences, I knew a girl just after my separation who was single, about 26 but loved fucking, to the point she would screw a couple of guys a day just to get her craving, I would go see her a couple of times a week. So they either love being fucked or simply have no desire for fucking.

So after setting up the deal, at 1st she just wanted way to much & I made it plain as day thats just plain retarded she come down to $700 for 2.5 hours, happy with that, so come the time she pulls up, a nice looking girl who seemed at ease with doing this, my 1st clue as to previous work history, so invited her in, we chat about the do's & dont's alot about safety & treating her with respect & being gentle. Ok so payed up into the bedroom where with out being asked I said I shall go shower, Sam said but you just had a shower I can tell by your hair, I said well I know but just so you know Im clean, she smiled & said well thats very sweet of you, see little things make the girls think its all about them. Out of the shower to a waiting naked pregnant girl, onto the bed for some light passionate kissing & some nice fondling, after a good 10 minutes kissing I began a slow sucking & kissing expedition down to her shaved pussy. Stopping at her smallish tits for a pregnant women all the while she was enjoying the gentle slow pace of it all, while sucking on her pretty sensitive tits my hand made its way to her fairly wet lil slit, before I just needed her cunt in my mouth.

Her pussy looked really nice, tight & tidy, she enjoyed the next 30 minutes as i gently licked & nibbled on her clit & piss flaps, while gently inserting 1 finger 1/2 in, she would not allow any deeper or anymore, but I was enjoying the moment, eating a pregnant girls pussy while she let out increasing louder & louder moans before 1 of a few orgasms had her digging her pussy into my mouth before she would settle down & into the same slow paced build up to the next aftershock that grew in quickness, I reckon a solid 5, 1 her 1st 1 being a monster then the others alot smaller, once finished you could tell she enjoyed the pussy eating experience & thanked me for being gentle.

Now her cock sucking skills are not the best, or the worst, more a average plain session that only lasted a few minutes, nothing really deep, the occasional ball playing & racking, the occasionally wanking of the cock before another 30 sec session of sucking, I said how about me fucking you in doggy, she said thats cool but please not to rough so she gets the protection, on with the dom while she gets all comfortable in a very picture perfect pose & moment, I easily slide my cock in for some gentle to fast gentle fucking, No way I was going to blow at this pace, so I enquired is this hard enough for you, she replied oh no you can go alot fasted, if to hard or fast I will let you know in a polite way, well no 2nd invitation required so i increase my tempo 10 fold pounded away while gripping her ass as i fucked her hard & fast, little whimpers come out but the pleasurable ones as i blow deep inside the dom. She enjoyed it & again thanks me for well being gentle about it all. So we chat this was well past the hour mark & knew I would only get 1 more round in, while cuddling.

So round 2 was a little different, asked for some nice cock sucking to be done, so down she goes a good 15 minutes before we get into some 69er type side by side position so I could feast on her cunt again. This ate up some decent time, before some more fucking, will give her this she is very willing to try to do any position, she hoped up for some riding action that lasted about 2-3 minutes just turned out a bit hard for her, so on her side, me behind her & a nice brisk fucking session ensued I would leave a happy man.

Overall: She is pricey, I get the feeling she wants a minimum of $1000 for a couple of hours, though I would not pay it, she is pregnant & dont have a golden cunt at the end of the day. She has a nice figure, if you ever wanted to fuck a pregnant chick well this is a chance, a nice relaxed session but probable to gentle for even me. I do get the feeling as well when she arrives & your not up to her liking she wont stay. If this is her style of sex then would be a complete rip off, but with a nice figure & being heavily pregnant was for me just worth the extra.

Rating 8/10 - Extra 2 for being pregnant.

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 08:10 PM
Poster ID: yld53x180sx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Again awesome review p4p you are definitely a guru in the punting scene.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th March 2014, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by payforplay


Person's Name : Samantha

Establishment : Priv Residence
 .

"""



Thank you for your review payforplay.

Does this look like the locanto ad, Girl available for an overnight encounter for reward, Brisbane





			
				Girl available for an overnight encounter for reward - 29

Hi, i am available for an overnight encounter for $2000. Need to pay off my debt urgently. In late twenties and currently pregnant.
Looking for mature gentleman. Who knws we might just enjoy ourselves! Wink wink.
Only prepared to practice safe sex inc oral. If your interested message me. Looking at tomorrow night (tuesday)
			
		

 ?

Do you mean Kelvin Grove ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th March 2014, 09:15 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats def her, and yes Kelvin Grove lol dont know where the lodge come from lol.


