Thread Title: Sara - Kangaroo Point - 0431 235 998
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th June 2011, 08:29 PM
Poster ID: anevski89
Post Title: 
 Sara - Kangaroo Point - 0431 235 998
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Sara

Establishment :  Private working lady

Date of Visit:  June 10, 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Sara Minx She also advertises in the local paper of the city she's currently touring, usually under the heading of "English Minx".

Hours of Business: Contact her for details.

Rates:  [COLOR=black]Half hour $200. Hour $350[/COLOR]

Age:  25

Size/shape:  Her website says 8-10, but I believe 10-12 would be more accurate.

Nationality or Ethnicity:  English

Services Provided:  Full GFE, rnt, bodyslide

Value for money/recommend?: Great value for money. I enjoy her company enough that I'm a regular.

My experience/comments: I used to see her almost once a week back when I lived in Mackay, so when I heard she was touring Brisbane I jumped at the opportunity to make an appointment. The first thing you'll notice when seeing Sara is that she has one of the most gorgeous faces you've ever seen. Next thing you'll notice is her sexy English accent; you basically just want her to keep talking.

She is tall and has an amazing physique; not a stick thin lady, she has a perfect hip-to-waist ratio, fantastic ass, and jaw dropping legs. She has a perky C-cup bust that fit nicely into your hands. 

You know how with some ladies they have a nicely shaped ass, but when you grab them they're actually soft, squishy and gross? Well Sara must do squats or something at the gym, because her ass and thighs are so firm to the touch.

She's very pleasant to talk to, and makes you feel completely at ease. To start off with, she gives this erotic massage, during which she'll tease you by gently stroking your cock every now and then. This is followed by a body slide, which feels amazing especially as she's dragging her hair down your back. 

Sara is unrushed, and isn't one of those annoying "clock watchers". She gives a great handjob with just the right grip, pressure, speed, and can probably do it better than you can yourself. If you're into mutual oral (69), she's the right lady for you; she gets right into it and starts grinding your face, at times making it hard to breathe (though if you're like me, this is a huge turn on).

When you've finished having the most intense orgasm you've ever experienced, she'll lay there with you and relax for a bit, rather than tell you to get dressed and get out like some ladies do.

Sara seems to genuinely enjoy what she does, which really does add more to the overall enjoyment. If she is in your area and you don't see her, you really are doing yourself an enormous disservice.


