Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th June 2019, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: Matt_baker18
Post Title: 
 Sarah/Katy - Brisbane - 0416 430 151
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sarah/Katy

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 10 Jun 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_3...ket-Sarah.html

Phone : 0416 430 151

Hours of Business: Varies Day and Night

Rates:$240

Age: Middle Aged

Size/shape: Short, skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Amazing. Had a great time!!!

My experience/comments:
After finally getting into contact with Sarah now Katy, I arrived at her apartment in Spring Hill where she let me in. 
We shorted out payment and we got right into it. Sarah is short as she is advertised, small boobs, blonde hair and like the ad says she is a pocket rocket.
 She started to carcess my junk and already I was in the mood. We undressed and already she got right into BBBJ. She definitely knows her stuff. Going for the balls and all she can literally suck a golf ball through a hose as per her ad.
It was so pleasant that I was so close to cumming but I had to hold it in. After about what felt like 5 minutes but Im sure it would've been longer, I asked if we should proceed. She dom'd me up and start to ride me. From the get go, she is a star and she doesn't disappoint. She definitely knows what to do.
From her we go through positions such as doggy and missionary where I've had enough couldn't hold it in a came inside the dom.
She then grabs and holds me tighter trying to take as much of me as possible but I was spent.
We lie down for a bit and clean up and chat for a few minutes. She told me that she works a few weeks out of the month as she is travelling from Brisbane and the Gold Coast pretty often now.
Too exhausted to continue on, I get dressed and say my goodbyes before getting a goodbye kiss from her asking that I should return to see her before she leaves for the Gold Coast.
Overall, this experience was great. Would recommended, however it is often difficult getting a response from her on certain days of the week.


