Thread Title: Sarah Haywood - Fortitude Valley - 0405 123 435
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th September 2014, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Sarah Haywood - Fortitude Valley - 0405 123 435
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sarah Haywood
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: Aug 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Sarah Haywood | Escorts & Babes
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates:$350/hr
Age: late 30's
Size/shape: brunette, 5'6", size 8, b-cup, lean/firm
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian
Services Provided: Full Service, CBJ
Value for money/recommend?: Yes
My experience/comments: 


Booking was easy and straight forward, I arrived to a pretty brunette in her late 30's, in her lingerie. I jumped in the shower meeting her at the bed. Towel thown away for deep kissing and hand play to get me hard, then on with a CBJ. There had been past comments of the now closed AE forum about it being a CBJ, but it was really really good. Some girls know how to give a CBJ. Excellent  tongue work. I went down on her for a while before more CBJ before fucking.  Sex was awesome, she demanded more and more. Holding me in tight with her long lean legs. 

Sarah is one to see for the late 30's brunette who loves to fuck.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th September 2014, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your review. I've wanted to see her for a while but have been unable to find the time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: rcr22
Post Title: 
 Sarah Haywood - Brisbane - 0405 123 435
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Sarah Haywood

Establishment : Private (Brisbane)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SMS 0405 123 435
Sarah Haywood - Escort in Brisbane, Queensland | Australian Babe
Sarah Haywood | Escorts & Babes

Rates : $350 hour

Age :  Late 30's min 

Size/shape : 5' 6" or 7", Slim, with B cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity :  New Zealander

Services Provided : FS, CBJ 

Value for money/recommend? :  Not for me.

My experience/comments : 

Appointment made, make my way over and she is not ready. Finally get the go ahead, door opens to a darkened apartment. She seemed very rushed so suspect a busy day. Some small chat however, seemed a very scripted session, which did not lend itself to more. 

Shower (over a very slippery tub) in the apartment is somewhat diabolical hence one must navigate with great care.

She seems a nice person and tried but it was a rather mechanical encounter so not much to write home about.

Pics are photoshopped and would guess taken a few years ago which was another dissapointment.

The somewhat lacklustre timekeeping (a pet peeve), and encounter means for me this is a no repeat. Guess my own tiredness had a bearing but thats why we need some R&R and seek out such encounters.  After a good run recently, guess the law of averages caught up :-) YMMV of course.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd September 2015, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: Benwaughfuxwhores
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sarah Haywood
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: Sept 2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Sarah Haywood | Escorts & Babes
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates:$350/hr
Age: early 40s I suspect
Size/shape: brunette, 5'6", size 8, b-cup, lean/firm
Nationality or Ethnicity: Kiwi
Services Provided: Full Service
Value for money/recommend?: About 50-100 more than it should be, but otherwise an acceptable service
My experience/comments:

First saw her a couple of years back when she listed a younger age of late 20s instead of the more accurate 37. Back then I was very disappointed with the discrepancy between her ad and the woman who answered the door which is why I never bothered to return. As mentioned the photos are old and enhanced. These haven't changed over the years. She's not unattractive as a MILF though and that's exactly what I was looking for earlier this month. Bubbly personality and quite chatty on the day I saw her. Maybe she had less business that day and could be a little less rushed. After the transaction/shower we moved to the bedroom. She started out in some red lingerie that was a bit worn. BJ given sitting on the edge of the bed as I stood over her was decent and the sex itself was ok. That said she basically let me take her without doing too much. Overall a nice MILF/mature fetish but not a great service lady. I would be happier if she didn't try to ask prices beyond her looks or service level.


