Thread Title: Sasha - Aspley, QLD - 0404 937 132
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th November 2019, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Sasha - Aspley, QLD - 0404 937 132
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : 11/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...-prostate.html

Phone : 0404 937 132

Hours of Business : On demand

Rates : I paid $70 for 30min "massage"
More prices in link.


Age : 50 ish

Size/shape : Asian granny bod. Slim, slightly saggy tits (B), perky nips, slight gut.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RnT, prostate massage.

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe another time. See below.

My experience/comments : Tried to visit this lady a few times, but timing had not worked out. This time no probs, so I rocked up. Entrance kind of obscured from busy street which was nice.

She heard me walk up, or maybe was watching, so was ready to let me in quickly. The house smells a bit like piss, maybe she does water sports, or just incontinent? Who knows. I only noticed this just as I walked in and did not bother me afterwards.

She's def pretty for an older girl (yeah the ad says 30, lies!). Plenty of makeup though, and very slutty lingerie which was more of a turn off on her actually. Very nice lady and seems fun, but not great English.

Money handed over and I stripped off and laid face down on a big bed in a very dark room.
She started a fairly pathetic rub, then she  got a phone call, which lasted for the rest of my visit. She just put it on speaker and went to work on me while chatting away loudly in her local tongue.

She began to rub my cock from underneath, and I got up on my knees so she could get some proper strokes in. She then lubed up my arse while still jerking me, and gently worked a toy up there, and turned it on. After the initial insertion, it not unpleasant, but not earth shattering either. (I've been starting to dabble in prostate play with massage girls, but this is the first time I've had a toy used on me).

Once the toy was doing it's thing, she left it in place and lubed up a fleshlight to use on my cock.

Keep in mind this is all from behind, very weird sensation, and all the while she's chatting away to her sister or mum or whatever.

While she's got my cock pulled out behind me, gripping my big shaft at the base and fucking the tip slowly with the fleshlight, after a couple minutes, I could not hold back any longer, and I blow without much warning or build up. Was a surprisingly long and intense O. The tool up the date certainly helped with this I think. She hadn't noticed I came, so I just let her keep going until I was too soft for the fleshlight - I kind of enjoyed doing this.

I decided to tell her I came and she tuned me over and gave me a good clean up.
then I dressed and was out of there.

Summary: Very pleasing result, but she was on the phone the whole time.
Will try again sometime hopefully with no distractions. Could have been fantastic.


