Thread Title: Savanna Brasil - Broadbeach - 0415 069 016
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th February 2019, 03:16 PM
Poster ID: Drunkenpanda
Post Title: 
 Savanna Brasil - Broadbeach - 0415 069 016
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Savanna

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_...Aussie-41.html

Phone : 0415069016

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 200hr massage 300hr FS (no GFE anal +100)

Age : 41

Size/shape : size 8 busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brasil

Services Provided : massage CBJ HJ COT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Saw her ad for a while on Locanto but could not find any reviews so I decided to take the punt. Sent her a text and she replied within the hour with her services and prices. I decided to go for an hour naked massage with CBJ + HJ with multiple relief. Agreed on a time and was sent the address. She works out of nice classy apartment high rise and meets you at the entrance wearing a very sexy black tight fitting dress. Her pics are real and holy shit she is one sexy milf. 

We get up to her apartment, its nice and clean and was offered a shower. I come back into the bedroom where she is laying on the bed naked and I kick myself that I should of brought an extra $100 to fuck her. Oh well, next time.

Her massage is super sensual with nice big sweeps of those massive fake tits, after about 15mins I turn around and I am rock hard. She turns into a 69 position and allows me to begin some DATY on her, after some of that she moves her ass to my mouth and has no problems with me rimming her and fingering her ass. I guess she loves ass play. She gives me a CBJ in which I don't last very long, I was pretty worked up at that stage. 

We clean each other up and lay on the bed for a while chatting about interests and such. We move onto round two which is much of the same except for no 69 this time, I lay her on the bed and focus on her pussy and ass until she comes. She then begs me to put my cock between her big fake tits, I didn't hesitate! I fuck her massive tits and unload myself on them and up her neck. I was spent!

I quick shower and I was out of there on time, I asked if she does GFE but she doesn't kiss so I think I would go for a 30min FS with anal.


