Thread Title: Savannah - Brisbane  - 0456 088 606 WARNING: STAY AWAY - SCAMMER. Very long read.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2014, 06:28 AM
Poster ID: Vagpounder
Post Title: 
 Savannah - Brisbane  - 0456 088 606 WARNING: STAY AWAY - SCAMMER. Very long read.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Savannah (goes by different names, read experience to find out why)

Establishment : Brisbane International Motel, Sandgate Road, Toombul

Date of Visit : 5/04/2014

Contact : Available-Now-Northside

Hours of : No idea

Rate : $150 per half hour

Age : 35 (Looks more like 45, atleast!)

Size/shape : Size 14 (Looks more like Size 18+), VERY Saggy D cup tits 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Nude Massage, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : NO!

My experience/comments :


After some back and forth messaging, we agreed on $100 for 20minutes F/S, multiple orgasms (she wanted to charge $150 for half hr). From my past punts, we always got business out of the way first so they can always check if the exact amount is there. So I had the exact amount of money in my hands (I leave my wallet in my car in case its a scam) ready to get the business stuff out of the way. Before I can hand the money over, she tells me to strip naked so she can check me for STD's and to shower. I remove my gear, put the money underneath my clothes and she gloves up, checks my junk etc. and off I go to shower. I come back to the bedroom


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th April 2014, 06:51 AM
Poster ID: Vagpounder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Whoop my bad, I editted and saved the original post to many times. Now I have to wait 20 minutes before I can edit it again. Will update it in a bit


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th April 2014, 08:19 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Savannah's ad, 

"AVAILABLE NOW NORTHSIDE
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Location: Brisbane
Viewed: 3651
Date Posted: 04/04/2014
Ad ID: 404211926

Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

Don't be shy! Cum get yr aphrodisiac High! I no u want to play with a Sexy Cougar
35yrs young, 5"2 tall, long dark hair, Sexy 14, hips & curves...Yr welcome to ravish my big tits, kiss my soft skin. Dont hold back....act on yr desires...A memorable experience with Savannah x
Limited availability so book now. SMS time that suits u & i will aim to accommodate.
Me SuPeR HoRnY ..Don't hold back make a booking now ...Im relaxed & want to u enjoy my time with you.
I can SMS service detailS & on confirmation will send address.
NO patience for time wasters who interrupt my fun...if that's yr intention I will block!
Those of u wanting someone to talk & share life stories, swap pics please move on, dating sites more appropriate for you.
I offer professional, safe, hygienic service, private room with discreet parking....If I'm comfortable Im happy to fine tune services to meet yr needs ??

My gender: F
Looking for : M
contact seller
Phone: 0456088606"


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th April 2014, 08:27 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Vagpounder


Whoop my bad, I editted and saved the original post to many times. Now I have to wait 20 minutes before I can edit it again. Will update it in a 
bi
"""



Thank you for your review Vagpounder.

Unfortunately, you can only edit your posts in the 20 minutes after you post. After that you can only ask mods for edits.

Please post what your experience in a reply to this thread and it will be fixed up. Everyone is waiting to find out what happened
when you got back to the bedroom.


In general, the advice is copy the template to 'Notepad' or the editor of your choice (Notes on iOS), fill out the details, and get it how you like it. 

Then chill for a bit.

After you clear your head with something different, come back and look at your review again and ask yourself things like,

Are there any typos
Are all the details correct
Is this what I recall
Is it fair to me and the working person
Does it make sense
Will other folks read it the same way as I do
Have I written anything personal that could expose me or the working person ?

When you are happy with it, post it into the text box for a new thread or new reply.


