Thread Title: Savannah Lee - Townsville (& East coast tours) - 0459 680 806
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th September 2014, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Savannah Lee - Townsville (& East coast tours) - 0459 680 806
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Savannahlee

Establishment : private escort

Date of Visit : July 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Savannah | Townsville | Escorts & Babes  0459680806

Hours of Business : Unsure, comes and goes

Rates : varies, currently $150 for 15 mins! $200 for 30 mins $250 for 45 mins $300 for 1 hour $1000 for 2 hours Currently no price quoted for GFE but it varies between $500 and $550.  Wide price range and services list is an issue (read review)

Age : 28-32

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Debateable, ones offered are not necessaily the ones provided, but safe to say full sex, mutual oral (covered bj), but NOT kissing, is included the GFE. I guess anyone who pays for the basic package will encounter even more restrictions!

Value for money/recommend? : Money down the drain

My experience/comments :   I saw Savannah Lee on Escorts and Babes, liked the pert round booty so looked closer and emailed her for details of the packages mentioned. She replied next day, saying that PSE was off the menu because she had lost her toys but passionate GFE was her favourite. She described herself as sporty and said her pictures were about two months old. It took a while to decide to book as her basic package then at ($350) was not what I wanted. Passionate GFE at $550 was a bit steep. In the end I decided to take the punt and booked an hour of passionate GFE.

She was friendly to start, counted the money in front of me, did a parlour style health check and we showered. The steamy passionate shower she described as part of the service was only steamy  because of the hot water; it certainly was not passionate, she wouldn't come fully under in case she got her hair wet/makeup ran.

She seemed to be fairly fit but the pert butt was more padded than in her photo and overall Savannah was not as toned as I expected from her description.

When the fun started I went to kiss her and she turned away, explaining that kissing was far too personal and then gave me her version of what GFE meant.

After that the conversation was a bit forced, and the whole experience uneasy. Her responses were slow and not enthusiastic. 

She just lay on the bed, I had to ask her to stroke me, she showed little enthusiasm and she never made it feel like she meant it. I could not get an erection and time dragged, but still ended earlier than my watch showed it should on checking.  When I pointed it out she was defensive, it appears the time starts from entering the room, so paying, counting the cash, waiting while she puts the money somewhere safe and showering are all after the clock starts.

As it is I left feeling like I had been cheated out of a service I paid extra for, told to take an early shower and in short, wasted my money.

Advertising passionate GFE with no intention of even kissing is just cheating, if you really must book her, and kissing, or any other service you might expect included in "Ultimate GFE or "Pornstar" is important to you, make sure you get it specifically included at the time of booking, and again before paying, right down to the last detail.

I didn't and so I don't know what she would say if directly asked before she has your money, but I would guess she would still minimise contact and leave you cold anyway.

The service delivered was very much a "dead fish experience", she just wants the money banked and the punter gone and did little to pretend otherwise.

What sticks in my mind is a memory of a plain, disinterested, slightly chunky girl lying on the bed trying to think of anything to take her mind off what we were doing

In my view Savannah is in the wrong industry and best avoided.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th September 2014, 06:38 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by joculese


Person's Name : Savannahlee

Establishment : private escort

Date of Visit : July 
.
.
The service delivered was very much a ”dead fish experience”, she just wants the money banked and the punter gone and did little to pretend otherwise.

What sticks in my mind is a memory of a plain, disinterested, slightly chunky girl lying on the bed trying to think of anything to take her mind off what we were doing

In my view Savannah is in the wrong industry and best avoided
"""



Thank you sharing this very bad experience, and reporting it fairly calmly.

Good review.

I hope you can do better next time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th September 2014, 06:39 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Part of Savannah's description of her service,





			
				 About Me
Dear gentlemen,

I am Savannah Lee, an Australian luxury companion available for those with a truly indulgent nature.

I am currently back in North Queensland, offering a truly unique experience that will introduce you to optimum levels of arousal, seduction and pleasure fulfilment. I am the perfect girlfriend seamlessly blended with the ultimate porn star. I have a natural ability to transform and become that which you want and need with absolute conviction. Providing an unforgettable, enthusiastic, genuine experience that will always leave you wanting more is my aphrodisiac.

Discretion, respect and privacy is of paramount importance and it is always given and expected in return.

For a booking please call 0459680806
Or email savannahleexx@hotmail.com

I look forward to hearing from you to let our erotic adventure begin.

Savannah Lee xx

Please note -
I do not see 55yo+.
I do not answer calls from private numbers.
*I only provide safe practices*


