Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2013, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: patrickm78
Post Title: 
 Saya / Penny - Fortitude Valley - 0434 013 500
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Penny

Establishment : GC Hwy Burleigh Heads

Date of Visit : 20/03/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : HI.. I'M PENNY NEW TO GOLD COAST HWY IN BURLEIGH HEADS FANTASTIC EXOTIC RELAXATION FOR ....$95 - Gold Coast City | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : noon till late

Rates : $95 an hour

Age : probably late 20s

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai mix

Services Provided : BBBJ,  FS,

Value for money/recommend? : Probably

Hi punters,

went to Penny for some relaxation after a pretty hectic week, got her details from cracker and thought I give that a last shot. She opened the door and to my surprise is probably the girl in the photos on cracker, nice body and not shabby in her face either. I booked through sms so I handed over the cash and she ask me to undress and lay on the bed. The bed was reasonable clean and she was quickly on top of me. Got going with a ok massage and body rub, i was pretty exhausted so this felt very nice. After roughly 15 min she got me to turn over and started circling around my dick who was ready (no sign of exhaustion there ), she teased for a while and gave me a good rnt at the end. All in all a pretty good experience. Her face wash't great but I'll probably go back. She does offer full service as well and I might try that next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2013, 01:29 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy of her Cracker ad:





			
				Hi Gentlemen 

My name is Penny, i am a 25 y.o from Mongolia / Thai decent, i offer a very exotic relaxation from my apartment in North Burleigh

A little about my service: I will pamper you from the moment i see you , i will leave no part of your body untouched and spending some extra time stimulating all your erotic zones in tantric style. My exotic relaxation concludes with a highly charged ending, i don't do greek, please don't ask me for this as you will be politely refused.

I have a perfect size 6 body with a beautiful c cup bust, i have smooth silky flawless skin and a very friendly personality.

My photo's are absolutely real, there will be no surprises when you meet me i can assure you of that, i have been told on numerous occasions that i look better in person than the photo's suggest.

As i work for myself i am not always able to take calls, if you cant reach me please leave a brief sms and i will contact you asap.

I look forward to seeing you for a hot and highly stimulating exotic relaxation time.

NO PRIVATE CALLS WILL BE ANSWERED 

My rates are: exotic relaxation 

30mins - $95 
45mins - $150 
60mins - $170 

MY EXTRA IS FULL SEVICES 

30mins - $150 
45mins - $200 
60mins - $250
			
		

0434013500


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th May 2013, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: wade69au
Post Title: 
 Saya (Private ML, Brisbane)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Saya

Establishment : Private Address

Date of Visit : 03/05/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Saya Brisbane Fortitude Valley Escort and Adult Services

Hours of Business : Her profile says 10am - 11pm, but I'd ring her to be sure!

Rates : I paid $95 for a 30 minute massage. According to her profile, for massages it's $150 for 45 mins and $170 for 60 mins, and for full service it's $150 for 30 mins, $200 for 45 mins and $250 for 60 mins.

Age : Says she's 26, I'd put her in the 25-30 range, so pretty accurate!

Size/shape : Slim, but not super toned. Slim & soft!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Mongolian

Services Provided : "Exotic relaxation", full service.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : Called her to sort out timing, she agreed with very little notice. Met her at the door with her friend, she thought I had cancelled on her, so they were going to go shopping (!). A little awkward. We walked upstairs together, she was very friendly and chatty. Once inside, she directed me to the very clean bathroom where I could prepare. We then moved to a private room with wonderful mood lighting. She started with a very nice massage - very relaxing, with her nipples brushing against my body. After I turned around, she was in full nude view. She put on plastic gloves, oiled me up and started with the HJ. It was very good, she responded nicely to requests - e.g. firmer grip and she was absolutely lovely to chat to. Through my HJ, I asked if I could touch her. She said yes. First standout - the silkiness of her skin. It literally felt like silk. Absolutely mindblowing. Her breasts were very nice, big nipples, typical "weight loss" shaped breasts. No insertion, but her shaved pussy was also great to rub. A timely finish and a very fair 30 minutes, with the shower afterwards pushing the time over. I tipped her $5 - not much, how cruel of me, but I thought $100 is fairly steep for happy ending - but we were very jovial and friendly throughout. Highly recommended!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th May 2013, 02:59 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"She put on plastic gloves" !! - ummm.... no comment....


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th May 2013, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: wade69au
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haha, that's meant to say "rubber gloves". And no, it wasn't a request :P


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th July 2013, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: jaystevens
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment: private

Date of Visit:09/07/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: SAYA- SENSUAL EROTIC TOUCH AND SWEET SPOT BODYWORK <<$90 - Fortitude Valley | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker
Also advertises on Escortsandbabes

Hours of Business: most times

Rates:$200 for 60 mins full

Age:Mature

Size/shape:Normal

Nationality or Ethnicity: Mongolian/Thai mix

Services Provided: Full Service, Massage only also available if you want.

Value for money/recommend?: I think good. 

She does use real photos - but perhaps a few years before. I would estimate her in her mid to late 30s and probably carrying a little more pudding now too.

Natural boobs - maybe C- D cup. Nice big nipples though.

She likes to perform a massage first and she does a good massage with her tits as well.. which is nice.

Place is always clean and so is she. I think she is all round good fun and worth the visit. No super suprises.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd September 2013, 12:30 PM
Poster ID: Rex
Post Title: 
 Saya - Fortitude Valley
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Saya

Date of Visit : August 2013

Phone: 0434013500 Cracker
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : your wish come true! SAYA ready for u fantastic exotic relaxation...$90

Hours of Business : Variable

Rates : $150/30

Age : late 20s/early 30s

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS/RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I know she seems to get mixed reviews, but I was a reg of Saya's when I was in Brissie. Had the opportunity to revisit her last month. 
Saw her ad on Cracker with new photos (at least I haven't seen them before). I've never quite been able to tell if the photos she uses are her or not, but if not, they're not far off. Anyway, I find her quite pretty. She has a very soft body and with nice natural breasts - and the plumpest nipples! 

I took the FS option for the first time with her. She started with her usual massage, which is nice and then moves to an OK CBJ - nothing special really. It wasn't till she climbed on top for a ride I fully realised just how tiny her frame is, and wrapping my hands around that petite waist and slamming her down on my cock was a real turn on. And then doing the same in doggy. She goes pretty hard for such a tiny thing! 

We finished and had an interesting conversation about what she's been up to. All up, it was fun to revisit her, and I'll do so again next time I'm up.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd September 2013, 12:49 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Rex


Person's Name : Saya
.

"""



Nice review Rex.

The link you have posted ends up for me on 'Gold Coast  Escorts' ( Brisbane Escort and Gold Coast Escorts Australia for In-calls and outcalls ).

The page has no mention of Saya or Penny.

Happy to correct it if you have another for the lady.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 22nd September 2013, 01:37 PM
Poster ID: Rex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's odd. I copied the link directly.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 22nd September 2013, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Rex


That's odd. I copied the link directly
"""



The first link is directly before the one you meant - there's two links one after the other. The forum only displays the second but acts on the first.

Will fix it.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 22nd September 2013, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Current ad,

'HI BOYS 


My name is SAYA I am 26 y.o from Thailand/Mongolia decent I offer a very exotic relaxation and sensual from the moment you walk into to my luxurious apartment you will be mesmerised by my beauty and body . My size 6 body smooth skin beautiful eyes with C cup natural breasts love to be caressed by u . There is no rush by me as I love what I do My sensual and teasing touch will blow your mind amongst other thing . J Discreet parking and centrally located apartment in Bowen Hills you will not be disappointed . 

I provide a waiting girlfriend to satisfy your innermost desires. You will feel completely at ease and comfortable with me and have some very passionate and sensual fun. You are special so I always like to take my time in our pleasure together 


I like to be classy and very erotic in the service I provide and always play safe so please don't ask . I don't really provide extras or fantasies as I like to be your fantasy 

My Photos is real hope you like my photos 

As I'm not always able to take your calls please leave a brief SMS and I will respond ASAP 

Availability 
EVERYDAY from 10 am to midnight 

FULL SERVICE 
$150 for 30 mins 
$200 for 45 mins 
$250 for 60 mins 

EXOTIC RELAXATION 
$ 90 for 30 mins 
$ 150 for 45 mins 
$ 170 for 60 mins 

* Outcalls City CBD Hotels only $ 300 for 1 hr* 

NO PRIVATE CALLS WILL BE ANSWERED 

I looking forward in seeing you soon 
Love and warm hugs 
SAYA xoxoxox '


