Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th March 2015, 10:21 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: 
 Sayull, waste of time and effort (no show/no response) -  Brisbane CBD - 0411 503 141
				
Post Content: 
Below is the advert and link for Sayull who I contacted the day before I wanted to see her:





Hi Gents, Call me please ~ 0411 503 141
 My name is Sayuli (サユリ), I am a vibrant, intelligent, cheerful, relaxed 25 year old Japanese lady with a great sense of humour. I am well traveled and well educated, so if you are in the mood for a little more than ....... fun, then I can certainly oblige. 
 I am an ex-erotic dancer, so can do a sexy striptease in my hot lingerie and long legs to put you in the mood.I have a wide range of very sexy lingerie which I love wearing with my high heels. 
 Also have a school-girl and nurse outfit, so let me know how you would like me to dress. (advance notice needed so I can see if she is free). I am sure to keep you well entertained and satisfied, so do call me now. I am sure you will want to return as your time with me will certainly not be cut short. I work privately from a modern, Brisbane City apartment where you can enjoy my curvaceous, busty body all to yourself or I can come to your hotel. I am available 7 days - so please just call to book me. You will be totally spoilt!! 
 Call me on ~ 0411 503 141



@@Adult & Escorts ServiceformJAPAN,inCBD GFE Waiting 4 U - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com

Sounding and looking like this could be a good session (knowing photos often not what you get) I tried to phone but the phone was never answered so I sent a text to see/ask availability - 'yes to 10:00 PM' the next evening (Tuesday 17th March) and we agree a meeting. To ensure she knew I was genuine, said I would reconfirm at 6:00 PM on the day which I did and again, she sent a text back to say great and noted the address at 420 Ann Street Brisbane. 

I arrived 5 minutes early and sent a text to say I was there (waiting for a text to give me a buzz upstairs (security apartment building)) - I waited and waited and at 10:10 sent another text and another 5 minutes later saying I was there and ready when she was. 5 more minutes I then sent a text to say 'I assume we aren't meeting now?' and heard nothing and left (and nothing since).

Don't waste your time like I did !!! - find someone else.


