Thread Title: Scarlett Maison - Brisbane - 0431 900 237
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th November 2013, 07:24 PM
Poster ID: goldcoastman
Post Title: 
 Scarlett Maison - Brisbane - 0431 900 237
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Scarlett Maison

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Scarlett Maison | Luxury independent Brisbane escort 0431 900 237

Hours of Business: Fairly Available - 7 days a week (consult website)

Rates:$550

Age: Mid-20s

Size/shape: Athletic but very curvy in all the right places

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian/Australian

Services Provided: Full Service including GFE

Value for money/recommend?: A bargain for the experience!

My experience/comments:

I decided to meet with Scarlett just before heading out to do a 3 week stint in WA. It was a bit last minute but she was great about it. I had to be up in Brisbane to catch my plane that night and so we met up at her apartment in the inner city before I flew out. When I arrived she was there ready for me. If it hadn't been for her incredible lingerie I likely would have never stopped looking into her dazzling blue eyes. She is an utter looker gentleman and knows how to accentuate every aspect of her fine looks.

I showed up with a bottle of wine which I poured for us both. We sat closely and talked for a little. Again, I had wanted a GFE and she was very warm, affectionate, easy to spend time with. This is a woman with a sharp wit and a keen intellect. Had all we done just been sitting and chatting I still think I would have gotten my money's worth but things proceeded from there very naturally and sensually with some very tender exploratory touching and kissing. She has the most amazing touch and wonderfully gentle skilled hands. I was utterly in heaven in her hands.

Thankfully the next couple of hours just went by very slowly as though time was standing still. She had me in a state of rapture for what seemed to be forever. I was floored by how she just could read my body and knew how to awaken every dormant sense and just heighten my pleasure to my body's maximum capability. There is something ultimately special about this specific woman and she left me with some fantastic memories that kept me going for those next few weeks. I'm still smiling about it.

I was thinking of doing a holiday in Asia soon. But I think I've decided instead to save up for a bit of a holiday with Scarlett and see if I can steal her away to a hotel for a night or two when I find the time and she has it herself. 

She mentioned as well that she has a female friend she has been doing threesomes with (yes Scarlett is truly bi-sexual - thank you God!) and so that service is also available. I might have to partake in it at some point as well. Though Scarlett is more than enough on her own. If it was socially acceptable behaviour to write home to your mum about an escort you've seen all I can say is this is the sort of girl worth writing home about!

Thank you Scarlett. Can't wait for the next time 

~E


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th November 2013, 08:09 AM
Poster ID: Planter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like you had a good time , I'd encourage you to take that Asian holiday .. For the $550 you spent with her for a couple hrs .. You could of had a harem of girls (3-4) treat you like their king for 20+ hrs !


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th December 2014, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Scarlett Maison - Tenneriffe - 0431 900 237
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Scarlett Maison
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: Oct 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Scarlett Maison - Escort in Brisbane, Queensland | Australian Babe Welcome from Brisbane escort Scarlett Maison
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates: $550/hr normally, had a $400/hr special
Age: late 20's
Size/shape: brunette/redish, 5'7", size 8, b-cup, model looks
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian
Services Provided: Full Service, CBJ
Value for money/recommend?: Yes
My experience/comments: 

Booking was easy. She's in a quiet apartment complex in Tenneriffe, with good parking. Scarlett was dressed in a cocktail dress and heels, and I'd say she's the best looking escort in Brisbane from those I've seen. She could easily be a model or on TV.

She kissed me deeply while undoing my shirt then kissed down my body with gentle teasing with her fingers. She led me to the bedroom with more teasing then pushed me onto the bed. She was taking the lead so I lay back and let her do her thing before tunring the tables to kiss her body all over. Scarlett gave without doubt the best CBJ i've ever had, better than most BBJ. I'm sure she could suck a bowling bowl through a garden hose. This turned into a 69 before she slid down my body to reverse cowgirl pushing her heels into my side. We flipped over for some doggy, her body is fantastic with her long legs and tight tummy. 

Scarlett's looks and personality would have me coming back at her full rate. She's fantastic in bed but I wish there was just a little something more on offer. At the special rates (probably every couple of months) I'd recommended keeping an eye out for when they're on.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th December 2014, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So her hooker name means red house?
That was well thought out...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th April 2015, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like Scarlett is doing one of her irregular $400ph specials next week.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th October 2015, 03:18 AM
Poster ID: ilovesex24
Post Title: 
 Scarlett Maison - Brisbane - 0431 900 237
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Scarlett Maison

Establishment : Incall to Teneriffe 

Date of Visit : 12/9/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431900237, unit at Teneriffe, Welcome from Brisbane escort Scarlett Maison

Hours of Business : 12pm-9pm

Rates : 400/hr

Age : 28

Size/shape : Slim, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : DATY, FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : YESSS

My experience/comments : 

Scarlett is the dream girl! She is stunningly beautiful, and the experience with her from the first contact is very satisfying. She is polite, very good sense of humour, extremely professional and absolute fun to be with. I would absolutely recommend her.

Firstly, her apartment is quite upmarket and tidy. Upon meeting at her door, she sat us both down and had a nice conversation to calm the nerves. She then offered to show me the shower facilities and asked what I would like to drink, red wine my choice. Upon return to the bedroom the wine was waiting, as well as some music playing, the perfect choice for me for a Saturday afternoon. I was actually nude when I returned from the bathroom, and she offered either for me to wear my undies or a towel if I wanted to get over the awkwardness, as she was still dressed, or alternatively for me to undress her, which was my choice. From there it was all action all over the bed, in all kinds of positions. The DATY was awesome and she tasted sweet, I could do that for hours! Afterwards we lay on the bed with lots of talking, kissing and cuddling. She was not a clock watcher at all! It was as close to GFE as it could get. She is worth repeat visits for sure!!


