Thread Title: Scarlett Quality Cairns visiting escort - 0434 093 317
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th September 2015, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Scarlett Quality Cairns visiting escort - 0434 093 317
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Scarlett

Establishment : Holiday hotel room

Date of Visit : August and September 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????????? Scarlett Bombshell ????????? - Cairns escorts - cracker.com.au Mobile 0434093317

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $150 half $250 hour

Age : Early to mid 20's

Size/shape : 5ft 7 slim toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Said she was from Laos

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Excellent VFM (I went back on her subsequent trip to cairns)

My experience/comments : Always risky contacting an Asian in Cairns, this was a tremendous exception! I was ready to walk at any sign of deception, when Scarlett opened the door I was very pleasantly surprised, tall (5ft 7 is tall for an Asian), pretty, smiley, slim without being skinny. To be sure I re-checked the agreed services before paying, there was no pressure to pay fast, no avoidance of discussion (both frequent issues with Asians in Cairns). Scarlett was easy to talk to from the start, no problems with anything. I wanted a medium session, passionate kissing and choice of positions, easily agreed and subsequently delivered. In my second session I added daty, slowly went down, didn't ask but gave plenty of time for her to object, she was enthusiastic and guided me as to what worked for her. After that (still talking about second session now) it was my turn and Scarlett took guidance as to what would work for me, and adapted the position she knew would work, it did! 
After we finished there was still about 10 minutes left, Scarlett was happy to lie together and chat/cuddle just like at the start. This was more like a punt with a quality Caucasian, without the price tag. As always YMMV so best to discuss what you want/expect and agree at the time of booking. She is a genuine "normal" girl (I really believe she is a student and not full time escort) and may feel differently at different times, or with a different person, I would not want her to be in a position where something described here was demanded; that said I got the impression that if you want something, and it is safe and you discuss respectfully, the answer will probably be yes.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st September 2015, 08:04 AM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cracker ad:




			
				⭐️⭐️