Thread Title: Serena - Brisbane - 0497 939 617
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th September 2015, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: Bob Macca
Post Title: 
 Serena - Brisbane - 0497 939 617
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Serena

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: August 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0497 939 617

Hours of Business: Daytime

Rates: $220 p/h

Age: mid 40s

Size/shape: large

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Sorry, but wouldn't recommend this one

My experience/comments:



So I thought I'd try something different this time. I've never been with an asian gal before, and some of the ads on the net looked pretty good. After a bit of browsing, I finally settled on a lady called Serena. The pics in her ad were really hot, and she looked quite pretty based on one of the photos.

I sent off a text and got a prompt response. Then a few more texts back and forth, and we scheduled a booking for the next morning. As a side note, I figured that her English wasn't crash hot, based on her ad and also some of the texts she sent. But hey, as long as she can handle basic conversation, I didn't think it'd be a huge problem.

Rock up to her apartment the next day, and it's an oldish block of units. Easy enough to find and plenty of parking. Knock on the door, and an old lady answers and says "You Bob? I'm Serena"

WTF according to her ad, Serena is in her mid 20s and hot. This lady was most certainly not in her mid 20s, and she was definitely not hot.

Before I know it, shes dragged me inside, stripped off and kneeled down to give me a blowjob.

I thought about paying and leaving, but I was pretty horny and it wasn't such a bad blowjob to be honest. So I figured, what the heck, might as well finish it off. Even though she wasn't hot, she wasn't repulsive or anything. I mean she had a decent face and big boobs, but she was a bit on the largish side. I guess the main issue is that I was expecting to shag the hot girl from the ad, not her un-hot mum.

So I asked her to kneel on the bed, and I did doggie style till I finished. It was one of those moments when you close your eyes and imagine youre doing some hot blonde chick.

Her unit looked a little run down and dirty, so I declined the post sex shower. She tried a bit of chit chat in broken English. Something about difficulty in finding work and future plans to travel around oz. Anyway, instead of spending the full hour, I politely said my goodbyes and headed home.

All in all, a rather disappointing punt, but luckily it was relatively cheap at $220 an hour. I guess it could have been worse maybe

Needless to say, I went to visit Olivia shortly after this, and I'm now back to loving the punt.

Hope this review helps. Any questions, just ask and I'll answer as best I can.

Cheers all, and happy punting (hope you have better luck than me)!

Bob Mc


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th September 2015, 07:37 PM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The old-fake photo switcheroo.  Takes a lot to walk when you're primed for action, but the results of staying are usually disappointing.


