Thread Title: Sexyspice (Korean) - Fortitude Valley,Brisbane - 0426 667 128
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st June 2016, 09:33 AM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: 
 Sexyspice (Korean) - Fortitude Valley,Brisbane - 0426 667 128
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiny Korean Girl
Establishment : Private
Date of Visit : June 2016
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?. Please be gentle. My Pussy is only tiny ? - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com
Hours of Business : Not sure - saw her in the evening
Rates : $100/15, $130/30, $200/60
Age : Mid to late 20's?
Size/shape : Small, slim
Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean
Services Provided : FS, Massage, DATY
Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : 
Locanto Roulette.. Hot off a disastrous walk-out (hot girl's pictures and I foolishly thought that was the girl I would meet - not the 40 year old who was actually there...) I saw this girls ad on Locanto, though she has ads on Cracker and Backpage. There are different pictures in different ads but they all looked similar and were not professional so I thought it was worth a look. Booking was easy and I arrived at a building in Fortitude Valley that looked a little formidable from the outside. Fairly discrete entry, buzzed up and she was waiting for me. Thankfully she actually looked like those pictures were probably her though it is hard to tell how small she is from the pictures. She is a little girl, slim with a big happy smile. Reasonable English and a nice personality. Showered and came out she was still dressed - which is great as I love unwrapping the goodies. A bit of kissing and cuddling then slipped her out of the dress. I laid her on the bed and gently explored her body then DATY until she came. Then she dragged me up for some cuddling and body rubbing before sex. I don't usually seek out kissing so it surprised me when she started kissing me, then open mouth kisses etc. She felt great to be inside and the experience was very passionate. Certainly the best GFE I have had for a long time. No clock watching - we went well over time and never a hint to hurry up.
I will certainly return. Probably she is not everyone's type as she is small, slim A cup, but that's how I love a girl to be. She really made me feel like she liked me and enjoyed our time together.

Review also posted on another forum.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th July 2016, 06:55 AM
Poster ID: quattro73
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sexyspice

Establishment : Private address

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
http://australia.cracker.com.au/Fema...eeeee/11581994
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_64...rean-girl.html
Phone : 0426 667 128

Hours of Business : All hours

Rates : Full passionate
$200. One hour
$160. 45. Minutes
$130. Half hour
$100. 15 mins

Age : Says 23......I reckon 38

Size/shape : Slim, quite small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian/Korean

Services Provided : Full Service, no anal

Value for money/recommend? : Much older than she says.

My experience/comments : I was buzzed up to her apartment at the new Farm end of Fortitude Valley. Plenty of parking on the street in the middle of the day.
She opened her door wearing a short nightclub type dress.

Her body is slim but she is not 23. Her photos are real, she has a nice body for an older lady but she is definitely NOT 23. Face not in photos for a reason as it shows her true age. Not totally unattractive but not 23.

The apartment was a bit messy. Mattress was on the floor, no bed frame, so a bit weird having to get down on the floor.

As she was much older than the 23 she said, I opted to not go for full service and instead had a massage and handjob.

Massage was light and not too good.

I reckon I was out of there much less time than I paid for as it was not what I was expecting given the misleading age.

Will I go back. No. I like younger looking girls.


