Thread Title: Sexy Brunette" - Chermside, Brisbane - 0434 583 770
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st May 2016, 07:57 AM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: 
 Sexy Brunette" - Chermside, Brisbane - 0434 583 770
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : No name

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21/5/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Outcalls only. Sexy brunette slowly great girlfriend experience - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 24hrs

Rates : $250/hr

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Size 6, slim, 32B

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : 

It was 1230am and I just returned from business dinner meeting.
I was not sleepy so I picked this cracker advert because the pictures looks great.
I really wanted to try one of the popular brothels but was not comfortable going solo early in the morning.

Within 20mins the girl turns up at hotel and calls me to let her up.
I go down and see it is not the same girl in pictures.
This is so normal for cracker. locanto, back page, etc. 
You rarely get who is advertised for.

The girl was Chinese and did not look pretty like the picture.

She did have a size 6 slim body which is still very fuckable.

We go to the room and she strips off.
No boobs just nipples, white skin, nice black pubes, slim legs and arms.
Definitely very fuckable!

I ask her to lie down and open her legs and go down on her.
She immediately starts moaning and gets wet.
I am going to enjoy this .. I got hard immediately because she was responding well.
She was going to come but then she started to push me away and say "no licking".
I said her advert say "mutual oral" but she keeps insist no licking.

I was sure she did not want to "come" because her pussy was super wet from licking.
She asked me to fuck her instead or let her suck me.
Well no licking spoilt my mood so I just lay on my back and she proceeded with CBJ.
She was OK sucking and playing with my dick but I was still thinking of her wet pussy.

Eventually I got hard again and told her to mount up and pumped her from below.
I wanted to punish her for not letting me DATY.

She kept saying "come baby. come baby" but I kept fucking.
Even in MISH she was able to spread and bend her legs back to her ears.
I kept fucking her!
She did not was to kiss because I had briefly eaten her pussy.
I kept fucking her!
Everything in the advert was not true and I kept fucking her.

I looked at my watch and already 45mins gone so I decide to stop and tell her to shower.
I did not finish because the girl put me off at the beginning.

Nice body but not too good attitude.
Maybe she been working too many customers already because already 1am in the morning.
I would have extended too because she did have a nice body.

I suspect that she not working for herself but has an "agency" that does all these cracker adverts and delivers the girls.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st May 2016, 08:27 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cracker advert - "OUTCALLS ONLY! Sexy Brunette"
			
		

Misfit44, the title of your review is not even to close to our preferred format. Please take a look at the link provided for details on how  to write the title of you review.
No name and phone number doesnt really help much either. I have added the phone number from the Cracker link, but these ads are removed and eventually expire, so it necessary to include it in the original review.

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f55/h...91/#post220459


