Thread Title: Sexy Thai Girl in Toowoomba NOT! 0403 660 282
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th October 2015, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: 
 Sexy Thai Girl in Toowoomba NOT! 0403 660 282
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suki

Establishment : PWL working out of Shamrock Hotel Toowoomba 

Date of Visit : 26/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Thai girl new in toowoomba - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : not sure, not important!

Rates : $100/30 mins

Age : I'd guess 45

Size/shape : size 10 nice C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese I think. Definitely not Thai

Services Provided : a bit of CBJ, a bit of DATY FS

Value for money/recommend? : NO No No

My experience/comments : 
I'm in Queensland for work, saw some good ads in Toowoomba, but silly me, should have realised they were fake, well this one was anyway.
Made a booking, hotel was just down the road, had a few drinks and a good afternoon on the Sunday so I thought this was a good coincidence, silly me. Got to the room and was MILF looking Asian lady. OK the ad wasn't her but I thought what the hell I'm here ( thinking with the wrong head again). If just showered before I left and she was ok with that. Onto the bed and on with the Dom for a very aggressive CBJ with more wank than suck. After the 30 second BJ she says I can eat pussy now ( I'd enquired about DATY when I booked), she wasn't very keen on the tongue on the pussy and kept moving to direct it to her arse. Sorry, but I love eating pussy and think I'm pretty good at it, the arse might come into play occasionally but that's all. Very soon after she wanted a fuck, I said no I'm too horny and will come to quick, I want to eat pussy, she just jumped on. There was lots of FOAM which put me off. I don't like to, but it turned into a hate fuck where I just rammed it home until I blew. She hadn't even got the Dom off and she wanted me to shower, I said what, we've had 15 mins you're rushing a lot. She said after shower I give you massage. I said, don't bother showered and left. Went to the bar and fortunately won my $100 back on the pokies! Stayed in the pub for dinner, and it was funny, one of the locals was helping out a young Asian guy who was looking for the same room number. They showed him the way but I saw him walking past the front of the pub 2 minutes later. He was smarter than me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th October 2015, 07:02 AM
Poster ID: Sparkplug
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is a fairly standard encounter in QLD these days with the Asian WL's. 99.9999% the pics are never real, and the girls are usually 10 to 15 years older than the ad says 
If you get a chance, give Jessica in Crestmead a go. She's a hottie! I reckon she'd be in early to mid 40's, gorgeous face and tidy petite body and she actually is properly Thai!
here's the link
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_33...Crestmead.html


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th October 2015, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Sparkplug. I'm heading back to Sydney tonight but will keep her in mind for next time. Wouldn't it be good if the ACCC stepped in and put an end to these fake ads!! I'll dream on.
Summer in Shailer Park made up for the disappointment. If her ad was fake at least she was the same standard as the girl in the pics.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th October 2015, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: Sparkplug
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Probe


Thanks Sparkplug. I'm heading back to Sydney tonight but will keep her in mind for next time. Wouldn't it be good if the ACCC stepped in and put an end to these fake ads!! I'll dream on.
Summer in Shailer Park made up for the disappointment. If her ad was fake at least she was the same standard as the girl in the pics
"""



No Probs mate, you're welcome 
I read your review on Summer, and she sounds good! I have a bit of a thing for Japanese girls at the moment, I dare say I'll be paying her a visit


