Thread Title: SEXYKate - Mermaid Beach - 0423 835 330
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2015, 01:29 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 SEXYKate - Mermaid Beach - 0423 835 330
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 14.3.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : locanto ad 0423835330

Hours of Business : says she works weekends

Rates : 150 half, 200 hour

Age : said 30, i think mid thirties

Size/shape : size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : all but anal

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV, this time was good, but she was partying anyway methinks

My experience/comments : After spending the afternoon at the casino, losing more than usual, I thought I would look for someone to take my mind off the casino for an hour.  I looked on Locanto and an ad was up as follows;

Availability:
SATURDAY 14th March till LATE for IN CALLS OR OUT CALLS .. AND
SUNDAY 15th to lunch time for In calls, then out calls only till LATE *

..at a cozy little motel room at mermaid beach xox
-----> Others talk the talk, I WALK the walk ; )

..5'3 ht,10C bust,8 dress size, long blonde hair, fair skin ..0423835330 Kate. x  * ..PS. i like to party.. :-) 

RATES:        
20 MINS 100
30 MINS 150
60 MINS 230                         x x

It ticked all the boxes, so i called, she answered, sounded ok, and was happy to see me short notice.  I arrived at the motel,one I have been to a few times before and Knocked on the door. Kate answered in Lingerie, much the same as was in her ad, and ushered me through the door.  We got through with the formalities, me staying for the hour.

She started with a half hearted massage, which to be totally honest, neither of us were enjoying!  I thought we should move from the entree to the main course.  Bear in mind, six hours of solid drinking has blurred my memory a little of the encounter, however I can say for certain that the lady in the pics is definately her, and that she was not shy whatsoever with her mouth, tongue or pussy.

I am pretty sure she was partying as well, as her ad states, and not fazed at all by what I would call a solid 45 minutes of covered non stop action.  Usually my hour long punts have a few rest stops along the way, however this just kept on going, with me calling it a night right on the hour. I will say though,whilst it was great, it may have been alcohol fueled great, not technically great in my normal sense of the word.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2015, 08:35 AM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes mate, it was, i had forgotten that i did actually meet up another time. The punting version of mind lapse due to heavy intoxication first time around. This is why I am documenting them all on here for memory. I am starting to think i may have early onset alzheimers, my workmates are telling me this too, hope its not the case.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th July 2015, 06:52 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nah... I remember a time where I could remember all my punts, but those days are gone.  I probably could come up with most of them, but it would take a good couple of serious attempts to jog the memory banks.  I re-read your post before asking the question and you did mention you were pretty tanked for that punt, so just call it a booze induced memory lapse - totally normal :-)


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th July 2015, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have had 3 visits to see Kate. The detail I will add to the posts below is that she is mid thirties and she has a nice firm body. She likes cowgirl (I think its so she can better rub her clit on you as it really gets her going) and when she is on you bouncing up and down her ass is lovely and firm to grab hold of... I would agree that YMMV probably applies here though I treat her well, she enjoys herself and consequently she provides great service. She likes to chat both before and after the action but as she doesn't watch the clock this is 'extra' time. My first visit was very good and the subsequent 2 have been better and better, with the last being the most passionate encounter I can remember from a WL. She really seems to enjoy what she is doing and it makes all the difference. Well priced and worth a visit if you are around Surfers.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st July 2015, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Zing22


I have had 3 visits to see Kate. The detail I will add to the posts below is that she is mid thirties and she has a nice firm body. She likes cowgirl (I think its so she can better rub her clit on you as it really gets her going) and when she is on you bouncing up and down her ass is lovely and firm to grab hold of... I would agree that YMMV probably applies here though I treat her well, she enjoys herself and consequently she provides great service. She likes to chat both before and after the action but as she doesn't watch the clock this is 'extra' time. My first visit was very good and the subsequent 2 have been better and better, with the last being the most passionate encounter I can remember from a WL. She really seems to enjoy what she is doing and it makes all the difference. Well priced and worth a visit if you are around Surfers
"""



Zing22 you should always post your own reviews when you see providers; I gather this one is not the various other Kate/Katies you habe seen in various places?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th August 2015, 01:56 AM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


Zing22 you should always post your own reviews when you see providers; I gather this one is not the various other Kate/Katies you habe seen in various places
"""



I do not come onto the forum very often. When I saw Kate's review I hadn't been on for maybe 6 months but thought it was worthwhile to add my comment to the existing review as I had seen her 3 times by then. In response to your question, yes the Kate I am talking about was Sexy Kate - regular Locanto adds. $100 for 20 minutes - great value for a quick visit.


