Thread Title: Shanti - Fortitude Valley - 0422 372 032
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th June 2013, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: Rex
Post Title: 
 Shanti - Fortitude Valley - 0422 372 032
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shanti 

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 11 June 2013 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :http://cracker.com.au/fortitude-valley-brisbane-city-4006/erotic/escorts-adult-services/indian-beauty-the-most-exotic-georgeous-busty-in-brisbane/403916921/advert.htm?advertcategory=82&search=true&region=30  5&return=1&pageno=3

Hours of Business : Variable

Rates : $150/30 

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Sz10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

So I found myself in Brisbane for a few days, and took the opportunity to try out a couple of new girls. 

I'd seen Shanti's ad on Cracker and the pics seemed genuine. I have a thing for busty Indian women every since working with one last year - man, I couldn't keep my eyes off her. She had that real exotic look with the gorgeous golden complexion and dirty blonde hair. Though she dressed conservatively you got a pretty clear indication of what she was packing beneath her loose blouses. Many I time I snuck a peek between the gaps in her buttons to see her bra, and it fired the imagination! She was totally aloof though and a bit of an ice princess - unattainable in a word! 

When Shanti opened the door I was very pleased! She's not petite, prob a size 12, but sports an impressive DD rack. She'd definitely turn heads in the street and I was very excited knowing I'd have her out of her tight black dress in minutes....

She looked straight at me and asked if I'd ever fucked an Indian girl - somehow I found that a real turn on. She started with a very nice CBJ, with nice rhythm and pressure as I explored her body. I would have liked her to go on a bit longer, but she rolled me over on top of her to suck on those amazing tits, whilst rubbing her clit. As I started pounding her, I realised I'd gotten myself a little too worked up and that it was going to be a hard and fast session. Rather than slow myself down, I just went for it and blew early on. I guess the fantasy got to me along with the fact I hadn't jerked off for a week or two. She was very pleasant, and we chatted a bit after she cleaned me up. I would have liked a massage or something in the remaining time - probably 15 mins, instead I got dressed and left. So it's not her fault I went early, but I got the impression that once you blow, you go! I think she is very busy and was keen to get ready for the next appointment. 

But overall, I enjoyed my Indian fantasy, imagining I was fucking that hot co-worker. I think she would be quite good as a regular once you got to know her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th June 2013, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy of her Cracker ad:





			
				Hi guys, Tis is Shanti. I'm 24 yrs old south indian from India. I've got hot body with 36C bust size and dress size of 8. I have a package of amazing eyes which you will fall for, long silky brown lustrous hair, pouting lips which are ready for kissing and a body colour of coffee tanned. A cocktail of pleasure, sensiousness, passionate and affection is presented to u when u come and see me.
 NOTE: 100% genuine photos no air brushing or touch ups. 

I can be quite, cheeky or wild it's your choice and what works for you. All I want during this encounter is to give you the best time of your life!!!!!

Will let you know more about the sexy service when you get in touch. But I DO NOT offer any ANAL services or UNPROTECTED SEX. So Please don't ask.

Give me a call or SMS me to arrange a time to meet. SOme times I can't answer the phone but I'm always prompt in replying to SMS..That's a promise.
 I DO NOT ANSWER PRIVATE NUMBERS, SORRY 
My Rates: 
1/2 hr AUS$ 150 
45 min AU$ 200 
1 hr AUS$ 250 
2 hr AUS$ 450 

I greatly appreciate those who genuine and I aim to do my best I'm a discreet independent and looking forward to here from you.
 Can't wait to spend some time with you. 
XOXOX SHANTI XOXOX


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th June 2013, 05:05 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She is a strange one, old Shanti.  Great tits...Fantastic tits, actually. Massive cock sucking lips and does a great job of it. But I didn't really click with her. I think I'd built up the fantasy too much. Tight pussy.


