Thread Title: Shazza - Spring Hill - 0411 963 783
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd November 2018, 06:35 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Shazza - Spring Hill - 0411 963 783
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : shazza

Establishment : motel

Date of Visit : 27\10\2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://bundaberg.locanto.com.au/ID_...Y-FRIDAYZ.html

Phone :[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]0411963783[/COLOR]

Hours of Business : enquire

Rates : $120 for 30

Age : 50 +\-

Size/shape : fattish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie bogan

Services Provided : full service

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments :
1st: Her pics are flattering.
2nd: Her reviews are good....don't know why!
3rd: She is a Bundy native.

Right been wanting to see her fore a while never had the chance due to our times when in Bundy, but she was in Maryborough for a week.
 So decided what the hell, drove over from the bay, went to her motel & probably should of walked, she smelled of smoke, so she just had one before I arrived. Not good start. Her pics are flattering if you ask me, complete bogan & bordering on ugly IMO. But I liked her reviews so paid the fees & into it, her head was OK, not brilliant but was OK, licking, spitting, the works but again just OK, so asked about eating pussy, was no issues....but I could smell piss way before I went down so never followed thro.

Decided to fuck & get out of there so said how about we fuck instead, sure out with the Dom, slapped one on & onto the fucking, doggy so I did not have to look at her and blew into the bag, as doggy makes me cum fast. Got dressed & got the fuck out of there. All in all while not bank busting, it was disappointed punt from the reviews that talked her up. Get there unattractive & fat. Simple.

P4P


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2019, 12:06 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods this WL is based in Brisbane now (Spring Hill)
 maybe add or change the title of the thread?

Person's Name : Sharon

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late February 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_3...OR-DELUXE.html

Blow & Go In Standard or Deluxe
Standard bbbj Only = 10min 50, 15min 70
Deluxe bbbj cim/swallow = 10min 90 or 15min 110.
Plz txt 0411963783 for further details
Timewasterz/Pict Shopaz/No Show Private Numbaz I Gv U the Day Off 
Located Spring Hill
Keep Smiling x 

Phone : 0411963783

Hours of Business : day time and late

Rates : $50 - 10min bbbj

Age : Looks 60s

Size/shape : Large body, droopy tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : For some would be a yes

My experience/comments : 


Always on the lookout for a bbbj where ever im posted for work, and this ad caught my eye 

She is literally a few minutes walk from Brisbane central station

 "Shaza" was relatively easy to book, all via text , and was basically available when I wanted . She loves a chat to the point after entering her premises 20-25min easily went by before we started the bj.

She advertises 50, and is nowhere near that Im afraid to say, Id imagine well over 60 somewhere. Her pics she put on are of her but either photoshopped possibly or from an era many years back. She does have a huge tummy, and a weather worn face. Would never choose her in a line up at a cougar brothel. But im here, need some release and she is friendly to keep my attention as long as im listening

I lay back on the bed, she climbed from the end of the bed where she lay on her tummy and started to suck lil SG. Well maybe after another 5min of chatting she did. Blowie wasn't bad actually. Lots of good suction, licking, saliva. For a 10min service the head went on for well over 20min, so safe to say if I didn't before, she aint no clock watcher

I do feel sorry for her in some ways, the ship has sailed with her looks and age unfortunately and I think she knows this by her prices and also by going over and beyond with her service and times to try and keep punters coming back. From her conversations about her past (she is very open about anything and everything related to being a hooker)  it appears she has been a hooker for a long while, through parts QLD, and times must be tougher now for her to attract new clientele, that's just solely my perception only.

Overall, If you want a cheap BBBJ, and don't mind an older bird who loves a chit chat and who has her heart in the right place and wont rush you, then she is very good value. And if I am brutally honest I have spent 4 times this amount on punts I have painfully regretted. I guess maybe Sharon can talk a little less about her past , as when us horny toads turn up we want to get into it in a reasonably short period of time rather than listen to ones past for a while

No regret seeing Sharon at all, she wont be everyone's cup of tea. I wish her well.


