Thread Title: Siasha (Avoid) - Southport -  0435 164 630
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2018, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: 
 Siasha (Avoid) - Southport -  0435 164 630
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Locanto User Siasha(forgot to get her name) 
 Establishment: private WL
 Date of Visit : 26/5/18
 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435164630 /  https://m.locanto.com.au/goldcoast/I...oad-on-me.html / works from Harbourside Resorts 
 Hours of Business : call to inquire
 Rates : $60 BBBJ / $70 QUICKIES (just had the BJ)
 Age : late 30-40's
 Size/shape : plump size 12ish , busty
 Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie
 Services Provided : CBJ + cum on tits
 Value for money/recommend? : No unless you have a fetish for cheap and nasty girls
 My experience/comments : 
I woke up midday Saturday feeling very tooey. I didn't really want a massage and was feeling a little too lazy for FS so was inching for having my Cock sucked. I then did some quick Locanto mambo looking for some cheap and cheerful offerings. I had lucked into Tiffany(Tight Tiffo) earlier in the week and was hoping for someone at that price point. Alas, I ended up TOFTT and it was the second worse punt I've ever experienced. The Locanto ad had accurate photos and I knew what I was getting into when I rocked up at Harbourside. The punt turned sour as soon as I arrived that I completely forgot to ask her name. Looks-wise, I found Siasha to be chubby but still ok on the eye but she IS MESSY. Her room was a pigsty with crap strewn everywhere and the smell of smoke in the atmosphere. I could've still enjoyed her services if it were not for the mess which turned me off. I took a quick shower before laying on her grubby bed while she gave BBBJ which was actually competent. Getting closer to the finish line we shifted positions so I stood over her and blew on her tits. I got me rocks off but I kinda felt dirty afterward and not the good kind of dirty. Avoid unless you like cheap and nasty punts. 


Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk


