Thread Title: SiennaTaylor - Brisbane - 0404 196 351
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th April 2020, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: Jcrossover
Post Title: 
 SiennaTaylor - Brisbane - 0404 196 351
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sienna Taylor

Establishment : Appartment

Date of Visit :  24 Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../SiennaTaylor/

Phone :0404 196 351

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates :  $500 per hour

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape :  Size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian

Services Provided :  Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Value for money highly recommended.

My experience/comments : After my previous session with a RNT lady see my previous review, my balls started to turn blue after work. So I texted Sienna, she responded quickly. The price tag of $500 is a fair bit, but I am glad I did book her. All I wanted is to give it a good bang today.

Once I arrived we sat and chatted a bit. After shower I find Sienna in her sexy outfit waiting for on the bed. She has that perfect body with DD breast and forever long legs. She started off with a back rub, I couldn't take much of it as I rolled her over to put her into actions. I told her my cock sometime doesn't go soft after first cum. I put my hand over her little pink pussy she instantly gone very very wet....like almost drip on to my legs.  I slapped her face with my cock, she put the dom on gave me some really nice BJ. Then we started with missionary, then one leg up ...then on the side while i play with her perfect tits. Then I flipped her over for some doggy. And OMG her ass is perfect a bit like J-lo but her 5'8/5'9 legs is perfect hight for doggy. I started off slow as she was really really tight almost like some first time girl's pussy. Then I put the whole cock in and she quickly pushed me away, she said she couldn't take the whole thing. I am like what...? She said mate you have at least 7-8 inch go easy as it was her day one back from day off. 
I didn't care.... no mercy .....thinking of what Rana did to me few days ago... I must have to give sienna some hard work out. She get so wet I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock. I love doggy and hold her hips really really tight. She keep saying ' More ...more ' Then I blew my load good inside her. However, I keep fucking her did not want to stop , then she rolled me over for reverse cow girl...... Not long after I rolled her to the side and keep banging banging her until she couldn't take it anymore, finished her with  doggy again....She didn't realised I came twice in the dom. After that she lay me down and give me some great after sex BJ which was awesome.

Will I return for sure. Her body is amazing as those playboy mag....Plus I got two goes in one hour plus some nice massage. Sienna told me she was going to ice her pussy after this hard fuck...she stated she hasn't been fuck this hard in a long time. I believe her. Her legs were shaking during my second round.


Didn't ask her about extra......but her website did say $250 for extra. Maybe next time...


