Thread Title: Sissy - Mermaid Beach - 0415 196 099
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th November 2016, 11:36 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Sissy - Mermaid Beach - 0415 196 099
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sissy

Establishment : Motel on Gold Coast Highway

Date of Visit : 23/11/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...th-a-lust.html

Hours of Business : Call to check

Rates : 130/200 for 30/60 mins + extra

Age : Mid twenties?

Size/shape : Slim nice figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

I crossed another bucket item off the list with this punt - first time anal with a WL.  I won't go into too much detail about the Sissy because the pics aren't actually her despite her telling me they were on the phone.  Sometimes I think the WL's genuinely don't know what's in the ads.  Despite this untruth, Sissy looked good when I got in her motel room, so I was happy to proceed.  Once inside we quickly agreed to an extra $100 for anal and got into it.  Oh, Sissy said she is visiting from Canberra for this week only.  The advertiser (http://www.locanto.com.au/by/cici0202/b5bc7e/) lists a few girls (none of which are the lady I saw) with similar offerings, so I'd say this kind of service could be had in future, but it'll be a different girl.

We both got undressed and I laid back on the bed for some CBJ which was pretty good.  I'll break here to say Sissy is probably one of the most hygienic working ladies I've been with.  This started with the rubber being pulled down so far it seemed like she was trying to get my nuts in as well.  Other than that she was just generally spot on when it came to hand washing, changing towels, washing down the shower etc.  Top marks from me in this respect.

Back to the action.  Not much to say really because it was over pretty quickly.  I was expecting the traditional cowgirl after the BJ, but Sissy was straight up for doggy.  When I got around behind her she started guiding me straight into her ass.  I said I want to try her pussy first so she got into mish for a about a minute or two, then she was keen to get into the but sex again.  Her pussy felt really nice by they way.  Once I got my cock within an inch of her rear end, she grabbed hold and literally shoved my cock hard into her tight little hole.  Popped in nicely and felt really good.  I was expecting to ease into it, but I'm still surprised at how rough she was getting me in.  I buried myself in nice and deep and pumped away quite hard.  In hindsight I probably should have been a bit gentler but I was in the moment and she took it like a champ.

Of with the rubber and off for a bit of a cleanup.  This might sound dumb to say, but I was happy to find everything was very "clean" down there and I didn't even get the faintest whiff of ass.  After washing up, it was back on the bed for a nice dry massage.  This was very relaxing.  Once Sissy had called time, I was still pretty horny, so I wanked out another pop while she straddle my face and played with her ass and really pretty pussy.  It's quite funny how these ladies have phrases pre-prepared for certain moments, so when she looked down at me cumming for the second time, her assessment of "ooohhh a fountain" was pretty far from reality for the couple of drops dribbling onto my belly.

So all in all not a bad punt.  A bit exy at $230 for 30 mins for a Gold Coast HAB, but I'm fucked if I'd let a stranger shove their cock up my ass for a hundred bucks, so I'm more than happy with the value for the very occasional step outside the norm.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2016, 09:50 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
With anal, my experience is girls love it rough & hard, not gentle, maybe just to get it in and get the rythem going but once in girls love there arses smashed, only word i can explain. 

A couple of girls I do regular anal with (they prefer being ass fucked) they tell me when they cum its a full body ass orgasm better word to explain it, they love being smashed in the ass, something with the pleasure & pain sort of deal. 

P4P


