Thread Title: Sky Taylor - Fortitude Valley - 0481 387 557
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th August 2013, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Sky Taylor - Fortitude Valley - 0481 387 557
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sky Taylor
Establishment : Private - Fortitude Valley
Date of Visit : June & August 2013 - multiple visits
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481 387 557, was on E&B Escorts And Babes > Profile  but on holidays until mid September. See photo below
Hours of Business : Day/Evening
Rates : $300 an hour (has gone up recently to $350)
Age : mid 20's
Size/shape : Blonde, 5'7" athletic, size 6-8, fake D-cup
Nationality or Ethnicity : Northern English
Services Provided : Full Service,  BJ, DATY, Kissing
Value for money/recommend? : Excellent
My experience/comments :

Sky is fit. Athletic fit and English "she's fit". I've seen her a few times, always a heap of fun and down to earth. A real fuck-buddy. Loves all things oral. Plenty of kissing, BJ, DATY. Sex is great in any position with her hot body.

A typical visit would start with lots of kissing then BJ and DATY and 69 and more BJ and more DATY. She loves to get on top, but caterpillar or another position hitting her g-spot is what gets her going the most. It's not just the sex with her, she's a lot of fun to be with and just talk shit between fucking each other.

Her photos are real, which was a worry before I saw her being so hot at her price.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th August 2013, 11:49 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Photo attached


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st August 2013, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: 
 Private Escort - March 2013 - Sky Taylor (Sydney tour) - I'm going to sleep well tonight
				
Post Content: 
This review of my experience with Sky Taylor was originally posted on PP.  Everything I have read and heard since then indicates punter's experiences remain the same, that is high-quality time with an absolute babe. 
What really sticks in my head from Sky is her ass.  I've held on to a lot of asses in my days, but hers was perhaps the finest.

Service Provider's Name: Sky Taylor 
Session Month: March 
Session Year: 2013 
Type of Service: Private Escort 
Phone Number (Please add area code): 0481 387 557 
Service Provider's Email (if any): bookings@skytaylorservices.com (unreliable) 
Link to Website or Online Ad (if any): Escorts And Babes > Profile 
Photos Authenticity: 100% Real 
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $300 
Location where session took place: New South Wales 
Incall or Outcall (Leave blank in Victoria): Incall to Escort's place 
Session Day: Weekday 
Session Time: Evening 
Estimated Age: 21 - 25 
Estimated Ethnic Group: Caucasian / European Origin 
Nationality (Leave blank if Australian): United Kingdom (England) 
Knowledge of English: Very Good 
Hair Colour: Blond 
Hair Length: Long 
Eyes Colour: Blue 
Skin Colour: Tanned 
Height: Average - Around 165 cm / 5'5" 
Body Shape: Petite 
Estimated Body Size: 6 to 8 
Estimated Breast Size: C to D (Medium to Big) 
Enhanced breasts?: Yes 
Pubic Hair: All Waxed / Shaved 
Any Tattoos?: None 
Any Piercings?: One or two 
Full Sex Available: Yes 
Kind of Experience: Girlfriend Experience 
Kissing Available: Passionate Kissing 
Blowjob: Yes, BBBJ (Natural Oral) 
DATY / Oral On Her: Yes 
Greek or Anal Sex Available: No 
Handjob Available: Yes 
Extras Charged: No 
Overall Looks: Beautiful 
Overall Personality: Lovely 
Overall Performance: Fantastic time 



Wow.  Wow.  

Wow.

I think I've met my match.

It's rare for a woman to rock me the way Sky did this evening.  I think it's all about the patience and care she showed me.  This woman loves slow sensual sex, and it really showed.  From the teasing passionate kisses at the beginning, through her stroking and sucking on me, and me feasting on her heavenly delights for God knows how long, to me exploding with an shattering orgasm... everything about her just exudes lust and sexuality.

When Funky Professor first posted the leads on Sky, of course my attention was gained.  What guy wouldn't notice an ass like that?  I wrote a note, asking if she had any Sydney plans, but wasn't able to generate enough interest to make a visit feasible.  I was tipped off she was in Sydney this weekend, however, and immediately organised a playdate.

Sky opened the door to her room wearning a new black and white dress she'd purchased that day, which looked great on her, and a pair of high heels that had her towering over lil' ol me somewhat.  I think she could tell I was a bit nervous.  She asked if I'd done escorting before.  Yes.  Yes I have.  Well, not working as one.  But I've been around a bit.  Anyway,  I was a little bit nervous, because she's really quite hot.  Damn hot.

We kissed.  And hugged.  And kissed more and more and more.  I loved her sublime grin!  Eventually I sat on the end of the bed and over time she pulled off my shirt, and then my pants, all the time with us kissing each other.  Nobody's done that in a while.  She asked if she could get some lube, saying she enjoys playing with it, and started stroking me and sucking... it was... pretty... nice.  I tried to think of The Queen, to avoid a premature end to proceedings.

After about thirty minutes of these shenagins, I suggested it might be time to have some attention lavished on her!  Sky readily agreed, with a big grin on her face, and plopped onto the bed and made herself a nest of pillows.  What followed was some of the most sensual attention I've lavished on a woman, with me kissing her all over her body, before half an hour of slow, passionate DATY, moaning and gasping from Sky during this entire period.  I occasionaly caught her watching me intently, and stared right back at her, smiling but never stopping.  I was in heaven, and so was she.  Her phone alarm accidently went off just as she was starting to shake and thrust her hips...  perfect timing hahahaha.  Bringing her to the brink and back again was the name of the game, though, and I was in full-blown tease mode   

Inserting a finger after a long while, I was amazed by... well I don't like writing stuff like this because it sounds a bit crass... Sky is really tight.  I'm lucky to have not lost a digit.

I popped on one of my nice condoms, and we went back to more passionate kissing, side by side, legs intertwined, rubbing against each other.  We held each other so tightly!  I kept grabbing her ass.  It is awesome, it really is.  I wanted to roll her on her tummy and initiate ye olde caterpillar movement, but pulling Sky on top of me seemed like the better idea.  The ending of the experience is not something I wanted anytime soon.  I knew if I'd shagged Sky while being able to see her body spread out in front of me, I'd be finished within a minute lol.  Anyway, Sky rolled on top with ease, and we continued kissing.  She slid on and started riding, gently at first, with us matching each other in rythm... then squatted.  She looked great, and the sex was so very nice.  After a few minutes, I suddenly came hard hahahaha... I shook with the intensity of the orgasm, while Sky held me, giggling at the havoc she'd imparted upon my being.

I used to say I love making women lose their ability to speak coherently.  Well, Sky nailed me.  Like I said, I met my match tonight.

We cleaned up.  We chatted.  She is a sharp cookie, working in a tough industry.  Intelligence?  Check.

So what can I say.  Sky has a lovely personality, is very giving and sensual, genuinely loves sex, is reasonable in what she asks for, has glittering blue eyes long dirty-blonde hair and an ass that is DEFINITELY one of the nicest I have ever gripped in my life (and I'm 52!), is intelligent, has an accent that makes me melt, and is not the least bit mechanical clinical or jaded.  There was so much pashing, I left with chapped lips.  I'm so happy that I got to meet her, and I owe Funky Professor and jurgen a big thanks for making it possible by doing the right thing and sharing information..

Oh, by the way, she's even better in person that the photos would lead you to believe.  She's proper hot.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st September 2013, 06:02 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dave, the thread says the Skye works in 'the valley' but your review says NSW.






 Originally Posted by Dave Licker

 .. I wrote a note, asking if she had any Sydney plans, but wasn't able to generate enough interest to make a visit feasible. I was tipped off she was in Sydney this weekend, however, and immediately organised a playdate.


So it sounds reasonable for NSW members not to count on seeing her in Sydney and to plan for a BrisVegas trip to see Skye.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st September 2013, 06:16 AM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw her in NSW, so I titled the review "Sydney tour".  She tours periodically now -- sometimes under-the-radar -- so Sydney members should contact her if they are interested and ascertain her travelling plans :-)


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st September 2013, 06:22 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Dave Licker


I saw her in NSW, so I titled the review "Sydney tour".  She tours periodically now -- sometimes under-the-radar -- so Sydney members should contact her if they are interested and ascertain her travelling plans :-
"""



Good one. Sorry, I didn't even see the title among all the other interesting stuff.

$300 sounds Ok for an incall of this quality.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th September 2013, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Three bits of good news
- She's back
- She's staying private at her current $350 price - but bad luck for those in Sydney who were seeing her through that Agency for $600
- And, I'll just throw this one out there... Kelsie Taylor Brisbane Escort and Adult Services


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th September 2013, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She wasn't $600 through Ivanka.  Her touring price was $400-450 something like that.  It didn't work  out, though, so she's back to being indie.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 30th September 2013, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The agency wasn't called Ivanka, think it was called Caviar. All I know is she said it was double what she was in brisbane, that was when she was $300.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 30th September 2013, 10:09 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Caviar is owned and run by Ivanka Petrov.  I'm the individual that introduced them to each other, to allow Ivanka to have a tasty blonde in her portfolio, and conversely enable a stronger touring capability for Sky, whom I quite liked, with no impact on her Queensland prices or clients.  Initial pricing was set at around $400-450, I don't remember.  It didn't work out, though.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 1st October 2013, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her website shows these prices: Prices | Sky Taylor Services mobile   0481387557 Incalls at Brisbane: $350 per hour

Wotan010


