Thread Title: Skye & Amber - Southport - 0405 049 239
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st October 2013, 11:45 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Skye & Amber - Southport - 0405 049 239
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Skye & Amber

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 29/09/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405 049 239

Hours of Business : 12pm to late

Rates : $250 per girl = $500

Age : Early 20's at best.

Size/shape : Slim 8's x 2

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie x 2

Services Provided : Full Service with interaction from the ladies.

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES

My experience/comments : Well being Sunday & having spoken to these 2 girls previously about bookings there does & donts finally was the time to try these 2 as they now claimed to interact with each other. Both early 20's at best blondes with good bodies & attractive, would say Skye the prettier but totally fine for the task at hand. Booked for 1pm and off I go. Get a text about 12:45pm asking to confirm hence I did and then given the address & room number. Going price was $250 per girl. Both work independent hence always hard to keep up with current events on the Gold Coast, girls change there names & numbers faster then I can throw up reviews.
Arrived at the time & cant complain though did go through everything so we all on the same page, only one shot fired in anger would be allowed unless i blew my gasket within 15 min - they ay it happens alot then the rest would be more a double massage - hence my instructions 1 shot is fine BUT take it slow and easy and dont try and rush a hour service into 1/2 hour and push me out the door, they where fine and would allow me to take the lead & the pace & let them know how this is to be done so we dont got to stop and instruct the girls simply put, kissing and playing before single blowjobs from each before a duo blowjob, some eating pussy while the suck my cock, some of there eating each others pussy before fucking.

So shower to come out with 2 naked fine young bodies, approach them with a dua cuddle & start kissing Amber passionatley while Skye cuddles and rubs her hands up & down my chest, a good minute of deep embrace before I turn to Skye in 1 motion & passioantley kiss Skye while Amber gets more adventureous to move her hands down to my cock, my cock was as hard as its ever been & a nice slow handjob proceeds before I take my mouth & plant it on Skyes tits, while my hands both of them run down to there shaved pussies, playing with both clits was surreal & both girls seemingly into it, though no interaction AT THIS POINT but both into it & both hands by this point - as in both sets of hands around my cock in a very slow motion...I was waiting to see who would be the 1st to go for a suck and Amber goes down to give a standard blowjob while Skye looks on and seems to like this so she goes down as well & they seem to "fight" over sucking cock in playful way obviously, but for the next 15 odd minutes they take a few turns of cock sucking while 1 sucked cock the other would play with my balls or the others tits or suck on the other 1's tits before both would take a side of the cock and lick it up & down or 1 sucking & wanking then pulling the other over to throw my cock in her mouth, this went on for a good 15 -20 min was in to much pleasure to stop them. I had to though as by this time close to 30 min was up & honestly time was against me to try to achieve my goals. 
The pussy eating was over way before its time really was I really wanted to like just eat for along time, but i got what I wanted, both girls on the bed & while I ate 1 they would kiss & play with each others tits then onto the other they never really changed rythem I just swapped between each shaved wet pussy for 15 min eating 1 while the other got a good finger fucking. Both had very tasty cunts & both seemed to totally enjoy being licked out & i for 1 loved 2 pussies to eat 7 play with. But with time obvioulsy running out it was time to try & sort out how to fuck both girls, easiest was was doggy, 1 being fucked while she eats her friend out then visa versa - that was the plan & more or less when to plan, had one on the bed well both but 1 laying down her legs spread while positioned the other onto doggy to eat her girlfriend out while I fucked them, pretty good watching as they licked the other out & me slowly fucking them while doing this, wanting to fuck both about 3 min into fucking Skye was Ambers turn so basically swapped positions & Ambers turn to be fucked but I could tell no way I would hold on so fucked her solid for I reckon 2 minutes before blowing big time. My other plans at that point where over, I really wanted 1 to sit on the others face while I fucked the other & fuck 1 while the other licked on the others clit but I withdrew while Amber continued to eat Skye for a good min beofre them 2 stopped. Quick chat & cuddle before we all got dressed & chatted some more.

Overall: Look I totally enjoyed the time, the show the girls put on & how they seemed to enjoy being fucked together & genuinly enjoyed eating each other out. I have only ever had 1 other 3sum with 2 payed girls them being sisters & totally different experience, they at all times where just there while 1 being fucked the other just basically layed next to me rubbing my back or pretending to be interested when they where far from interested, where this was basically full on, what I really wanted & credit to the 2 girls, both are not lesbians but because its quiet they are willing to enjoy a 3sum & enjoy some fun. I have seen both girls advertise seperatley under a variety of names, dont know why whores keep changing names but they do. Its one now i can finally tick of my bucket list, a true 3sum with girls eating each other out. Dont know If I would venture back for another with 2 girls, I found everything really fast paced because I wanted to fit so much into this session yet going into it i knew everything would seemed rushed & out of control. Having said that 2-3 hours I think would be way more relaxed & "seem" less rushed. But then again for the cash you dont often splurge out like this. Porb be able to really have fun but alas maybe another time I will try a much longer session.

Will be back later in the week with another review but the next couple of days are rest & work.

AS ALWAYS YMMV


