Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th June 2016, 08:40 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: 
 Sofia  - Toowoomba - 0435 718 051 / 0432 417 259
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia 

Establishment : PWL saw her at Shamrock Hotel

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.locanto.com.au/toowoomba/ID...cent-REAL.html
however, the number I called was 0435718051 . Same ad but the number changed in the past couple of days

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $120/ 30 mins

Age : said 23, I'd guess around 30 ish

Size/shape : size 10, nice B cups, shaved pussy, distinct "T" shaped scar on her belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY (mainly date!) , 69

Value for money/recommend? : nah

My experience/comments:
was in Toowoomba for work, the ad looked good ( was sus the pics were fake) but was Toey so called. Confirmed her age(23!) and that DATY was OK. Went there thinking if she's the same old dud I had last time at this hotel I'd walk. Got to hotel and she texted the same room number as last time! Went in and she looked similar to the ad but less busty. Oh well she's under 40 this time so went for it.
after the shower she was undressed we had a cuddle and kiss (not on lips). Went down to her tits then lay her down on the bed. Made my way south and the pussy was good. She was a bit reluctant at first, then opened up for a bit. She lifted her hips for me to lick her arse, which I happily did. But then she put her feet on my shoulders and kept the pussy out of reach, with only her arse accessible,wtf. As I've said before, I don't mind rimming a bit but only as an accompaniment to the pussy, not as the main event. I stopped that and lay backfor a BJ. She got the message and put the Dom on. Not a bad CBJ but more a hollow mouth with no tongue action. Asked her to kiss my balls, initially she said NO, and I said they're clean. She had a sniff! Then gave them a bit of tongue work. She went back to BJ for a while and I asked for 69. She swung around but angled herself so I couldn't reach her pussy, only her arse. I backed off and tickled her arse with my finger and she freaked out. So I lay back and soon blew in the Dom in her mouth. 
She showered then came back and gave me a quick massage before time was up.

I've finally learnt that a PWL that advertises as 23 yo and works out of the Shamrock Hotel in Toowoomba is going to be a dud punt.

Can't wait to punt in Sydney again.


