Thread Title: Sophia - Brisbane - 0403 716 523
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th August 2012, 06:06 PM
Poster ID: naughtydog
Post Title: 
 Sophia - Brisbane - 0403 716 523
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 28-7-12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403716523

Hours of Business : Not sure. 

Rates : FS $150? half / $220 hour

Age : 20s, probably

Size/shape : 8?

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : went for half hour FS

Value for money/recommend? : Atrocious

With a lethal combination of an overly full bank balance and overly full balls I made the choice to play Cracker Roulette. A bit of looking through (why do the most appealing ladies say "Outcall only") I found one that seemed very appealing. Thai, not too expensive. Listed herself as very small. "Tiny". The idea of a tiny petite lady bouncing up and down on my cock was pretty appealling, so I sent a text.


19 year old tiny Thai babe! - East Brisbane | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


"Sawadee ka, my name is Thainee (Ti-nee) and my name pretty much describes my body. I am from Udon Thani which is way up north in Thailand but for the last 7 years I have lived in Pattaya. I am very petite standing at 4' 5 (132cm) and only weighing 72 lbs (33 k). 


It's a good thing I live near the sea. I enjoy long walks under the sun, smelling the salty shore. It makes me feel at home and in peace with myself. Did you have a rough day? Do you want to try a change of scenery? Let me wash your troubles away with my tin-nee body and friendly service! 


I am staying not too far from the Brisbane city in a nice apartment."


I wasn't quite sure what "I live near the sea" means. Turns out it means "Southern Cross Apartments". I've never been there before, but my understanding is that if you knock on a random door you've a pretty good chance of paying for sex from the asian girl who lives there.


Further texts included asking what extras are available. She said we'd talk about that when I got there. That kind of annoys me. I'd rather know what services are available before I choose someone. There are certain things I like, specifically BBBJ, that are the reason I go to a freelancer rather than somewhere... you know... good.


I got there a little late. 5 minutes. I got a little lost on the way. Was told to wait another 10. That turned out to be 20. From a 9:30 appointment it was 10 by the time I got in.


For a "tiny thai babe" she was not that tiny. And clearly not the girl from the photos. Much bigger in every respect. Reasonably attractive. Decent body. Nothing to complain about except not in any way what she claimed to be. Generic reasonably attractive Thai girl. Asked about extras, she asked what I want. BBBJ "Sorry, normally I do but...".. something about her tongue. It was sore, it was cut, she had tongue aids, I don't know. No BBBJ was the conclusion. "I don't suppose you do anal?" "No, sorry." No one does. Oh well.


I paid for an hour. After fooling around for a bit, which meant a dom going straight on and some boring CBJ, I started licking her snatch. She seemed to like it, at least putting on a half hearted act. But didn't want any fingers in her, which is surprisingly common for WLs. I suppose rough handling can hurt them.


Things turned to sex pretty quickly, starting in missionary. After a while she got on her hands and knees and I started to doggy her. I have to say, a very pleasant pussy. Extremely tight and clinging. Very soon I started to feel an orgasm rising, and said I needed to slow down, but she humped back against me. I came pretty soon after. She cleaned up, then offered me a massage, as this was only about 15 minutes into time. Not uncommon, massage and then another go.


After about 10 minutes of massage she patted my butt and basically indicated that it was time to go. WTF?!


By the time I walked out it was 25 minutes after I walked in, when I paid for an hour.


Value for money there is shit. Won't be returning.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th August 2012, 03:33 PM
Poster ID: wally
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mate I ask for location when enquiring for a booking and if the answer is Southern Cross it is usually a "cross off list" trigger.
More of a factory there at times than fun/relaxing place to be. 
Good VFM for the workers I guess but it is  obvious to all when you are going there that you are there for a reason.
Not so discreet.


