Thread Title: Strangest Punt - Well sort off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2014, 06:48 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Strangest Punt - Well sort off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ash

Establishment : My Place

Date of Visit : Um now

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 

Age : 22

Size/shape : 14 / cuddly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FULL

Value for money/recommend? : Free off coarse

My experience/comments : Ok not quiet sure what to do with this, so mods move it to appropriate threads if need be, but simply put this Ash put a add on locanto, the add never lasted long maybe a few hours but I managed to email her over a week, she seemed rather keen to hook up for $250 for the night yes you read right $250 for the night........who would refuse that right......so over the coarse of the week we chatted, emails & text messages & how she wanted to be dominated, finally admitted she has never fucked for cash & was all new to her & would explain the low cash amount she offered. Anyways come the moment just like now well around 2:30pm she arrives at my place and well she is nice, cutish face with out being anything above normal, big tits, fat arse but fucked way worse, her figure was a mixture of both nice yet ugly.

Ok so into the lounge room we go, no money exchanged hands as of yet, I go over to her & its on she loves being kissed, so a good 5 minutes of kissing before I pushed her head down to my cock where she gave it one hell of a working over, deep throat, gagging, face fucking the works, its what she said she craves to be treated as a cum rag, a whore, a toy her words not mine, so this went on for a good 30 minutes, you could hear her gagging all the time but she thrived on it. So i drag her up to the lounge & bend her over to eat her super wet pussy, she goes off all the while slapping her ass so hard Im sure next door heard the slapping, this only made her get off, eating her cunt was rather nice, before a good 45 min make I bend her over more & fuck her doggy style, all the time she is slapping her clit so hard I swear it went to the City, fucked her neat & clean & as she said in a few messages I took out & swung her around to take my cock again, she sucked til i blew right down her throat... as she wanted.............

Ok now the strange part, after about 10 minutes she just said I cant do this, with tears in her eyes, she said as much as i enjoyed being fucked just then I can do this for money & need to leave..I asked her do you want any money even for fuel, she said no please I feel so ashamed I cant accept money, at lease this way I will just put it down to a root I needed, would not be the 1st time I have fucked strangers, she got dressed & left.

So hence no contact details will be left, this was suppose to be a paid sex session that turned out totally free.

Overall: STRANGE but completely happy with a free root.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 08:12 AM
Poster ID: ozreview1970
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn pay you have a fun life up there. Always finding either the bvfm young ones or the friggin weird and wonderful.  :-):-):-) keep up the great work !


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 09:24 AM
Poster ID: happy chappy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That poor girl needs help and ....I'm prepared to do my bit out even though I live in NSW and its a 18 hour return drive to Queensland. 
I just love giving back to the community.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 09:30 AM
Poster ID: wotif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Give the girl 20 years and she'll be on AMM like all the other married closet-sluts :-)


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She emailed me last night apologising for refusing money  & again explaining how she could not accept money for sex as it is immoral  but I just replied with I am not complaining getting a free really good root.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great story. I have had similar experiences with girls off locanto and craigslist. Altough they were such horny dirty little sluts they didnt even ask for money in the first place. Haha.


