Thread Title: Sugar - Brisbane - 0435 734 212
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th November 2010, 02:03 AM
Poster ID: Scattered_N
Post Title: 
 Sugar - Brisbane - 0435 734 212
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sugar (An alias I assume)

Establishment (if applicable):

Contact Details/Address: Gabba Apartments - 0435 734 212

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Unknown, student. Responds to texts

Prices: 300/hour

Age: Claims 19, I'd believe it

Size/shape: Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: 

Have visited her numerous times. The gabba apartments are a wonderful location. Easy, free and discrete parking. I've visited another working lady there as well, and wouldn't be surprised to find more at that location!

She seems to prefer text messages, which works fine for me. Always feel a little guilty calling and interrupting some other lad's hard earned time 

Always astounded by how cute and adorable she is. Reasonable english with an affectionate personality. Has a variety of costumes to spice things up. Lovely skin, and a gorgeous little butt. The occasional mole, but nothing that would detract from her. I'm a realist, I don't expect photo shopped skin in real life. Her arse is gorgeous. A few stretch marks, but so shapely! Pity it isn't on the menu 

She seems to enjoy doggy style, and is up for most positions you'd expect. Fantastic skills with her mouth, though can be hampered by her dental work. Depends on the day you go in.

Three hundred an hour is a tad pricey, but that's the last thing on my mind when I finish an appointment with her. Nothing like being waved goodbye to as she stands naked in her apartment door


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th November 2010, 02:04 AM
Poster ID: Scattered_N
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
In case the gabba didn't give it a way, she's Brisbane based. My bad.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th April 2011, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: gen18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sugar is a girl that you just can not believe is in this industry. She is so young, and seemingly innocent. Very cute. Shes is just like her photos, only her pretty little face and coy smile make her so much cuter in person. That butt of hers is nice and round too. Mmmm. If only ... I really like girls with nice pokey nipples, and Sugar has an awesome set.

Her service is not PSE. That would be a bit of a mismatch. Shes that cute teen girlfriend type. Hey, get her to dress up in her school girl outfit ...

Her attitude is friendly and shes very conscious that you are paying for a service so she really tries to give you your moneys worth. Shes worth that 300.

Highly recommend a visit to Sugar. She told me that she may not work much longer since she does this line of work to pay for other things. But that was 6 months ago almost, so I for one hope she stays, as long as she continues to enjoy what she does.


