Thread Title: Sukanya - Runaway Bay (Gold Coast) - 07 5537 9293
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Sukanya - Runaway Bay (Gold Coast) - 07 5537 9293
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sukanya 

Establishment : Private residence, Runaway Bay

 Date of Visit : 6/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : GC Bulletin Ad, Personal Services - 07 5537 9293

Hours of Business : Call for appt after 9am

Rates : $90 for 30mins

Age : Mid-Late 50's, ad did say mature

Size/shape : size 14-16 I guess (overweight, not obese),  B cup average boobs natural.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Filipina

Services Provided : FS - massage, CBJ, missionary sex

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes / No


My experience/comments : 

Took a chance and responded to the ad - she wouldn't tell me her age, just said mature age, when I asked to briefly describe herself. Have to say I was disappointed when I arrived, was not what I expected, however I went ahead with the booking.

After paying, I showered and Sukanya was waiting for me in the bedroom, asked me to lie on my stomach, then she undressed. She started with a medium to firm massage on my back and after a few minutes was massaging my inner thighs, rubbing my balls and wriggled her hand to stroke my now-growing shaft, me lifting my bum to allow her good access.

After 10 mins I turned over, she slid on the Dom and proceeded to CBJ while she was kneeling naked on the bed near my feet. I suggested if she could swing around into 69, straddle my face so I could play with her tits and have at least a good perv while she sucked, but she declined.

She was doing a good job getting me hard with her mouth while I laid there watching her technique. As I could feel my load building, I suggested some doggy style but she declined, instead moving to mish position. She directed my hard cock into her and I pounded her with her legs up in the air in front of me and a well positioned pillow under her lower back gave me good, smacking penetration.

Well, to say the least I did blow strong and loud. After a quick cleanup I was dressed and on my way. Overall, a pleasant lady to converse with, but not for me in the looks dept. Very stock-standard service, no variation - didn't seem keen on pussy looking or touching as she seemed to keep her distance. However, could be worth a try for a quick, cheap release of CSR (Chronic Semen Retention) if you're in the area, she seemed easy to reach on phone.

P.S. how do I insert lines to format text into paragraphs with this Template, insert key doesn't work ??


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 12:58 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by HornyHoratio


Person's Name : Sukanya 

Establishment : Private residence, Runaway Bay
.
.
P.S. how do I insert lines to format text into paragraphs with this Template, insert key doesn't work ??[/FONT
"""



Thank you for your review HornyHoratio.

All the template does is dump the headings into a text box so most of the normal PC/Mac cursor movement and text processing keys 'should just work'.

I smack "Enter" or "New line" a few times for paras. Shouldn't be any need to press the "Insert" button (although it should work).

The best way of composing a review IMHO is copy the template onto a notepad/word processor. Bang away at it. Do something else for a while (relax, let that mind attack something else). Then come back and look at it coldly asking yourself,

"Is that what I want to say ?",
"Did it really happen that way ?",
"Is that fair to the provider ?",
"Did I give anything away (about me or the provider) ?"
"Are there any nasty typos ?"
"Is all the important stuff present and correct - name, phone, date, contact details ?"

All good and you can copy it all, paste it into, either a "+ Reply to Thread" or "+ Post new Thread" textbox and then press "Go advanced" to see how it will look as  a post.

After you have finished with "Preview post" (if you make any further changes), don't forget to Press "Submit reply".

If you are still not happy, press the "Edit Post" icon within 20mins of posting or PM a mod and ask them to fix it.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 02:42 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks FC, I meant to say ENTER, not Insert, Key. My Enter key is not creating new paragraph. I also started creating my reviews in WORD but got stuffed after copying into Thread panel so I reverted to typing straight into the Thead panel. I'll try your suggestion, thanks.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 03:29 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by HornyHoratio


Thanks FC, I meant to say ENTER, not Insert, Key. My Enter key is not creating new paragraph. I also started creating my reviews in WORD but got stuffed after copying into Thread panel so I reverted to typing straight into the Thead panel. I'll try your suggestion, thanks
"""



Use Notepad, sometime Word has incompatible format but must admit I have never had that with AUXXXR.


