Thread Title: Summer Belle - Brisbane, QLD - 0416 053 382
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2019, 09:48 AM
Poster ID: bobbitthehobbit
Post Title: 
 Summer Belle - Brisbane, QLD - 0416 053 382
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer Belle

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/01/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.summerbelle.net/

Phone : 0416 053 382

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $500/hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim, size 8, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full service, BBBJ & CIM (extra $50)

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : Everything with Summer was perfect, from the first communication onwards. She was very clear about what was included, happy to answer questions and quite flexible in organising a time to meet. Her place is easy to get to, and very classy, just like her.

When I arrived she looked just like her photos; absolutely stunning and very warm and welcoming - I immediately felt at ease. We got the business part of the session out of the way and I jumped into the shower for a few minutes before returning to find her draped across the bed wearing some stunning golden lingerie that you can see in her gallery.The lingerie didn't stay on very long as she came over and we started kissing. Once the lingerie was off she dropped to her knees and took my cock in her mouth which looked amazing both from above and in the mirror next to us. After a couple of minutes of this we relocated to the bed where she continued her amazing BBBJ - she really seemed to love just sucking on my cock while I laid back, and this gave me a great opportunity to admire and play with her body. Summer has a perfect body, an amazing arse, slim waist and the best breasts I've ever had the pleasure of playing with.

After a good 10 minutes of BBBJ she slipped a condom on me and jumped on top - as she bounced up and down the view was fantastic and I was in heaven. We switched to doggy after a while and once again this was fantastic - she knew exactly how to arch her body to put her arse in the perfect position for me and she seemed to enjoy the rough pounding before we switched to missionary to finish up. After a quick cleanup and a few minutes break she seemed quite keen to go again, so she draped herself across the bed again and worked on getting me hard again with her mouth and hands. Summer clearly loves oral and she's very very good at it - it wasn't long before I was hard again, and this time she kept going so I could finish in her mouth.

I haven't been able to see her again but I absolutely will as soon as our schedules line up - Summer is the best.


