Thread Title: Summer-  Shailer Park - 0406 333 828
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th October 2015, 06:29 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: 
 Summer-  Shailer Park - 0406 333 828
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : PWL private house in Shailer Park ( not Redlands Bay as advertised)

Date of Visit : 27/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????? Exotic Asian ?????? Cum ?Make Me A Squirting ? Fantasy ?????? Outcalls?????? - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $200/he mamasan said $30 extra for squirting, kissing pussy no extra!

Age : 23 (I believe her)

Size/shape : size 6-8 pert B cups, shaved pussy with nice outies 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS, 69, but alas no squirting (fortunately I didn't pay extra)

Value for money/recommend? : yes definitely 

My experience/comments:
I've had a run of dud punts lately, including one yesterday, review to follow. Was heading to Brisbane today and saw Summer's ad on BP, I've been trying to find a cute Asian girl who squirts so I jumped at the chance. Not sure if the photos in the ad are of Summer (summer's hair is much shorter and in they style of a geisha) but IMHO she looked just as good. She said she only started to do this work last Friday as she needed the money ( her business went bad). I believe her, she was a bit shy but a horny little minx.
anyway, after a quick shower she stripped and we had a quick cuddle and kiss ( just pecks, no tongue), then she lay on the bed and beckoned me to her. After sucking her nice nipples, I started to work my way down and stopped me to put on a dom( weird timing but no problem) then she let me go down on her beautiful shaved pussy. She loved it with plenty of juice flowing, but no squirt. She bucked and writhed, and her clit was swollen. She especially went off when I probed her pussy with my tongue while rubbing her clit with my nose. She told me I gave her an organism! (Her words not a spelling error lol). I lay down for a good CBJ with nice ball rubbing and a bit of ring tickle.
moved her into 69 and it was great with her rubbing her pussy all over my face, I soon blew in the Dom, but she continued sucking and grinding her pussy into my face. Now this part I've  never experienced before, she continued to grind her pussy on my face while she cleaned me up with wet wipes, gave my knob a kiss and pretended to go for the suck then grabbed another Dom and sucked away while she " organismed " again. Lately I can't get hard again straight after blowing but with her it was easy. She said I want you to fuck me now and shifted into reverse Asian cowgirl. I gave her some ring tickle with my thumb which she enjoyed, but when I tried to apply a bit of pressure she reached to stop me so I just went for the gentle tickle. Then she swung around in standard Asian cowgirl and impaled herself. She was sweating and slumped into cowgirl before she lay on me exhausted. After a minutes rest she wanted missionary and wanted it "strong", it gave it to her good for a few minutes then I started to lose the full bone, she changed the Dom and sucked me while I played with her pussy (no fingers allowed inside). She then asked me to fuck her from behind, and she was bucking and slamming herself onto me. After a few minutes I was getting sweaty and tired so I asked her to play with herself while I wanked. She rubbed her pussy a bit then reached into a draw and pulled out a small vibrator. She rubbed her pussy with it for a bit, then started fucking herself with it. Although it had a light on it( like a small torch) I still got over the line.
all in all it was a good punt with a cute girl who had a great attitude. A few squirts would have been the icing on the cake.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th February 2016, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess (mamasan)

Establishment : Private house Shailer Park ( advertised as Capalaba)

Date of Visit : 15/2/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????? Exotic Asian ?????? Cum ?Make Me A Squirting ? Fantasy ?????? Outcalls?????? - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $100/30 mins $200/hr

Age : mid 30's I'd guess

Size/shape : short about 5"2, size 10ish, B-C cup, shaven puss

Nationality or Ethnicity : raised in HK, but Vietnam born, Chinese mum I think she said.

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : OK for QLD FS rates

My experience/comments : l was back in Brizzy for work. Thought about the girls in Southern Cross Hotel as they were near. But, I've had a dud punt from there before so I thought I'd try Summer again ( knowing that it probably won't be her, but the service and standard were good).
When I phoned I asked if the pics were real, she said no they model but I can sms you a pic. It looked good so I went for it.
Arrived and had to wait 5 minutes after ringing doorbell. She looked OK in the flesh, confirmed DATY was ok and told her I wanted squirting, then paid for 1 hour.
Had a shower and she stripped and had one too.
Into the a/c room and on with the Dom into CBJ, gave her pussy a bit of a rub and was stopped by her going into 69. BJ was quite good,  pussy was ok but every time I got a good rhythm going she angled her pussy away. Lay her down for DATY and told her she can squirt on my face. When I thought I was getting her going she would squeeze her legs together to stop me. She got on top in cowgirl then went to Asian cowgirl where she started slow long strokes with my knob rubbing her G spot hard. I thought this was it!!! After a few more minutes of this I blew in the Dom , she kept going and came soon after. While cleaning up she asked "did I squirt a bit, I think I did" but I'm sure she didn't.
Onto a good massage for 20 mins while her phone rang at least 6 times. To her credit she ignored it 5 times then picked up and told the punter "sorry I'm busy" and hung up. I rolled onto my back and she asked me what I want to do. I said play with yourself and squirt on me! We both wanked ourselves, I think I got a few drops from her, she certainly got a good squirt from me! 
After clean up she told me she owns the house and has a few girls working for her. Because it was Chinese New Year the girls had gone to Sydney and she had to work. I think she advertises for suckers like me that want a cute young squirter. 
There's better VFM with Asian girls in Sydney, but I was Tory and keen ( no, obsessed) for a squirter.


