Thread Title: Sunny- Cairns Manunda - 0431 369 641
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th August 2016, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: 
 Sunny- Cairns Manunda - 0431 369 641
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Private room in "Resort"

Date of Visit : Early Aug 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cracker Ad under "Massage"  0431 369 641

Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : $80/hr massage w/he,  $130 half FS, $200/hr

Age : 20 something

Size/shape : Size 7, B/C cup, small round bottom, perky nipples, round face.  Made me think of "Hello Kitty".


Nationality or Ethnicity : HK Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ FS, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Cairns is a place always changing.  Punting in the past has been a big rip-off, but I think the influx of lots of Chinese tourists, has brought in a lot of WLs, which has improved the quality and reduced the price.  (At least if you like asian ladies.) 
The standard price now appears to be $130/$200  Half/Full hour FS.   Many of the ads for PWLs look like they are from brothels and with fake photos.  However, I took a different tack and went for an ad in the massage section, which clearly was a good solution.

Sunny, like many private WLs in Cairns ASFIK, is a short term blow-in.  Been in Cairns a week, and set up in a cheaper "resort" complex.   Instructions to find her room were a bit tricky, as the place is large, and her room was out the back and required navigation down a narrow walkway between the swimming pools to a lift at the back.  Anyway, made it OK.   Financials sorted, and an hour FS agreed, was offered a massage to start, but I prefer the massage after.  

Lots of cuddles to start, and into the standard Blatchford technique of caress and stroke.  I believe most of us really get turned on by a women who is turning on, so I put in the effort to seduce her and get her going.  No faking the arched back, and the legs closing for the finale.  On to penetration and more handiwork for another O by her.  The closing legs is a classic that I havent found that often in recent years.  The focus shifted to my pleasure, and it was doggy for me.  The sight of the darker skin colour in her crack was a real turn on, dont know why, but it somehow did it for me.

The concluding massage was very good, including neck and head, and she made a real effort in this regard.  Offered me a glass of water after, and there was no time pressure.   Recommend, but you will have to get in quick, as I dont think they hang around for a long time in Cairns.


