Thread Title: Suzi - Cairns - 0457 303 130
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th June 2017, 11:33 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Suzi - Cairns - 0457 303 130
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suzi

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : May 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
0457 303 130

Hours of Business : available when advertising on Locanto

Rates : $120/half

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : short sz10 B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : FS CBJ/BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : There are a number of ads on Locanto all with the same 'flavor' and Suzi admitted three are for her. None of the photos are her. However, Suzi is pleasant to look at and pleasant in nature and pleasant in her service. She does have a very noticeable caesarean scar but that wasn't an issue for me.

While the hotel she works out of is a tad dodgy, her room was clean and she had plenty of towels for a shower at the start and finish. She is very helpful in folding your clothes as your remove them and drying you when you get out of the shower. 

I had a number of visits with Suzi (when you're on a good thing ) and each visit got more familiar and more raunchy. The first visit it was just a CBJ though she did lick my balls and a light rimming. Light DATY and touching also. Subsequent visits she went with a BBBJ and a much more enthusiastic effort on the balls, perineum and all regions south. 

She allowed DATY and was not shy in presenting her womanhood to me in a 69 and again, subsequent visits she literally face fucked me to an orgasm. 

Sex was a range of positions and she loved doggy. In the first visit she dommed me up almost straight away before bringing her body near me. Subsequent visits she would happily sit astride my cock and and rub her clitoris along the shaft getting seriously excited and wet. Kissing became a highlight and it was a pleasant moment balls deep in mish with our tongues interlocked as I climaxed. 

Suzi is a very pleasant lady and looks to enjoy what she does. She works 6 weeks in Cairns and then returns to Sydney for two to rest.


