Thread Title: Talia Caboolture, QLD See Notes
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2016, 02:40 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Talia Caboolture, QLD See Notes
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Talia (so she says)

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 03/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_11...-services.html

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $190 per hour

Age : 18</strong

Size/shape : 16-18

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / yes

My experience/comments : 

OK, 1st up, contact her through locanto, eventually she will give you her mobile even thou I never text her at all, when come to meeting she gave me her street name and asked to contact via locanto when there for the number.. So she really screens her clients well before giving out her number. Even said in the booking she dont like to give her number out.
So her pricing is strange $190 for a hour then $100 every hour after it, and can pay hour by hour, advised me if I wanted to stay another hour it only be $100 as long as she is not booked....And the kicker, some BBW older gal around 35 for the last 30 min...so right we all got that 
So arrived, the girl is bigger then I actually thought, but very cute face, young, and tits from heaven...So stayed....on the lounge we made out, good kissing, and plenty of teasing ; touching, fingering &amp; wanking before what I must say was a 1st class blowjob...could not ask for any more from such a young lady, she was skilled alright, she said before hand she can suck cock for hours and after all its what I am being paid for, to be used as you see fit...but man she could suck a good cock, 45 min later I blew all down her throat, she never missed a beat. We then moved to the bedroom after a little recovery time, onto the next coarse, more kissing, more cock sucking, she dont allow eating pussy - prob for me not a bad thing she had bigger thighs - but some good titty fucking action, she has monster tits; she is not scared to use them, some more great cock sucking action, before on with the dom &amp; into fucking mood, she was tight alright, pounding her in missionary, then doggy, side saddle, her on top plus a few I never thought this girl would get into, so for a good hour we tried ; fucked in around 7 positions, before off with the dom; into throat fucking til i blew all over her face.....ahhh the bliss...
Now the kicker,,,,$100 extra for the last hour was 2 girls, I dont think its her mother but I do wonder to be fucking honest....in comes this bigger 35 yo women, she was ok normal over weight housewife to be honest,,,so onto a double bbbj from fucking heaven I tell you, a good 45-50 min of both girls taking turns sucking the fuck out of me, both playing, slapping that cock like no tomorrow, both helping each other out with sucking, til the time to blow was about to happen, so standing up I wank myself to cum over both girls...or what cum there was.
Overall: Fun time had on the cheap to be honest, 3 hours...$390 including 3some for the last hour...If i wanted to fuck both i could of  is unbeatable value, great fun could go back again. She was cute knows how to please a man, as she said its her job

Rating: 5/5 AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th December 2016, 05:04 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good one P4P.

p.s The ad is already gone though.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th December 2016, 07:36 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Already gone ? Shit that was quick, been up for like weeks...She had another add going as well so will try & find that.

P4P


