Thread Title: Tamiko - Brisbane CBD - 0405 551 060
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th June 2019, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: zeroo
Post Title: 
 Tamiko - Brisbane CBD - 0405 551 060
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tamiko

Establishment : private - outcall

Date of Visit : 29/05/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Tamiko/

Phone : 0405 551 060

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 01:00

Rates : $300/hour (outcall) + $30 extra for bbbj

Age : 23~35

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : i think she is Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : not too bad

My experience/comments: I have to mention that the photos on ad were fakes but still the girl was cute enough so I did not day anything. 

I was a little bored and had spare time so decided to give Tamiko a text to arrange an outcall session.

She said she can get ready and arrivd within 20 minutes but gave her more time so she did not have to rush.

She arrived on time and explained that bbbj is extra $30 which i agreed to and settle all the money business.

Both of us started stripping and got onto some light kissing I am not sure if DFK would have been extra or non existent. She also started licking me from nipples down and started bbbj and oh wow it felt good! She was good with her tongues. She then started licking my balls too which got me rock hard.

after some time slipped the rubber on and she started cow girl from top. She was very average but tired out fairly quickly so we swapped position and started missionary. She moaned quite loudly which turned me on even more. 

Changed position to doggy and after a good 10 minutes or so i asked her to come back up. Went for another 5-10 minutes and I came. 

I was a little disappointed that the ads were fake but the service was not too bad overall. I had a good time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2019, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: Akoop
Post Title: 
 Tamiko - Brisbane city - 0405551060
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tamiko

 Establishment : Private operator

 Date of Visit : 17/07/2019

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_3...BD-Tamiko.html

 Phone : 0405551060 

Hours of Business : 7 days a week, 10am to 1am

Rates : $140 for 30m, $240 for 1hr

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : Slim, short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full Service, cold clinical experience

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments : Saw an ad on Locanto for a "Japanese" girl name Tamiko. I did my usual due diligence of googling the phone number and reverse image searching her pics. The pics didn't come up anywhere else and the phone number only went to profiles for her. I usually take this as a good sign. Found her on E&B which even had videos.
Her ad promised, among other things "French Tongue Kissing, Touching, V****a Licking, B****b, Lot of sex, Costume, Lingerie, high heels" so I made a booking and asked for Japanese schoolgirl uniform, which she said "yes, I can do it".
Has a place in a hotel near the Treasury Casino in the City.

So I rock up. The woman answering the door is NOT the girl in the ads. At all. She was older, probably early 30's, Chinese (having lived in Japan a long time, you can tell) and looked nothing like the photos.

Not to say she wasn't attractive. Kind of cute, but tinged with hardness.
She also wasn't in a Schoolgirl uniform. I asked about it and she shakes her head, and goes "no, no"
Thinking with my dick I went for 30mins anyway
I wasted my money.



The sheets had obvious stains from other visitiors. She was very cold, not at all talkative and went the very vanilla path of licking my nipples, some covered BJ and girl on top sex. Obviously trying to rush me as fast as possible. No shower before hand, just straight into it. No talk at all.
No kissing at all, didn't even like me kissing her neck.
Definitely no touching her, she did the whole legs clamped shut when I tried. No DATY allowed, no 69 at all. Just straight up boring clinical sex.

When we were done, she pulls of the rubber and makes no effort to clean me up. No offer of a shower at all. I used a bunch of tissues to clean up, got dressed and by this point she had already showered herself and was out in the kitchen getting ready to take out some trash. Barely even says bye when I let myself out. Just straight up rude.

About the only good thing I could say was her body is actually really banging.

Thats it.

Would I return? Of course not. Fake pictures, fake ad, straight up false advertising.

Avoid at all costs.


