Thread Title: Tammy - Southport - 0401 169 456
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th September 2013, 07:19 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Tammy - Southport - 0401 169 456
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 26/09/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0401 169 456

Hours of Business : Afternoon / Night

Rates : $70 / 60 min QUOTED

Age : 21

Size/shape : Very cute 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage with EXTRAS

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES (BE CAREFUL)

My experience/comments: Well decided to go with a massage or RnT as you guys call it, after the last escapade that turned out rather good, decided to buck the trend again and try something cheaper and a actual massage, and having noticed this girl a few times over the past few months, having adds on locanto ranging from full night of no holes barred fucking to full service to just pure massage I knew there would be way more on offer & time to finally check this girl out. Arranged after what seemed a million emails & text messages finally booked a hour & her address. She for this occasion was working out of a motel in Southport - seems to be a hive of hookers activity Southport, but have seen her advertise motels in Chermside, Brissy Southside & on the Sunshine Coast and also outcalls on occasions so the venue will be all over the shop i suspect.
Well Tammy (been called other names) is attractive, be 21 with very nice soft tanned skin, curvy but not overly chubby just a very nice body with curves & shapes in the right place, nice perky tits and a shaved vagina. Cute looking chick with a cute face and one of them bodies that is chubby but actually works on this girl and works in her favour, short chick & all in all I was happy with the way she looked.

Now I will say I have read a couple of very bad reviews & totally was not sure if it was just a desgruntled punter or she was just a rip of artist at the height of her game hence why I only booked a hour massage $70 wont make any difference to me so off I go sort of expecting a half assed massage in and out so had aback up plan, if this was dismal I would head of and get a full service. So I arrived, she seemed easy to talk to and gave her $100 & said make it a good 80 min massage the extra to cover the 1st 20 min talking & was more then happy to do this. I come straight out and enquired about the bad write ups, she explains it was 2 guys who are friends booked her for 4 hours, 2 hours each and she kicked them out after a hour and gave some of the money back because while she admitts she enjoys sex and dirty slutty sex they went beyond the means of expecations & treated her like shit from the get go. Ok sorted. 
We strip I lay on the table and a nice relaxed 1/2 massage ensued, not much chit chat apart from if it felt right and was I doing a good job, with a mix of ball tickling here and there to work me up. 
Massage was in all honestly pretty decent without being out of this world. Shoulders & back she paid most attention to with a bit of upper leg work when she ball ticked. On the turn over paid attention to my chest mainly til about the 45 min mark where my cock become the main focus, this is where she talked alot more and got a bit dirty all the while stroking my cock slowly and playing with my head and ball tickling talking Asian for a moment saying how good my cock looked & how she loved when a guy enjoyed being wanked, saying how my cock looked suckable and would love to suck it, so I said please do & she replied more cash, I said sure how much her reply $30 BBBJ sure why not, so a nice slow cock sucking session ensured I was happy and her motion while not being a PSE & I for one enjoy the slower pace she did get into rythem and seems to enjoy a few varieties, tried to deepthroat & said its to harsh If i dont mind can i skip it, I said sure its not my thing anyways, she positioned herself so I could play with her very wet pussy, she loved this so a good 10 minutes of this, rubbing her clit and getting 2 fingers inside a surprisingly tight lil snatch on her, before she said I should not do this but do you mind if I fuck you.....why sure young lady so a touch more cock sucking, she was wet so hops up on the table and straddles my cock and I can tell you the view was nice, my cock slowly going in & out while the action slowly got faster & faster before I mentioned I was about to cum and wow blew nice and hard all the time she riding the cock faster & faster..Time was up. Slipped her another $30 and had a 5 min chat about this work and how she has a bad rep but if your a gentleman she will be good to you.

Overall: Look with the reputation I have read about Tammy the meaning YMMV is very true with Tammy, I suspect with her adds asking to be treated like a slut some punters take this to heart and go in and treat her like shit, treat her with respect & I suspect you will walk out at the very least content, no mind blowing session but one I expected to be honest but probably got a bit more of a better time then what I really expected. $160 for massage and full service I honestly wont complain as seen some adds where it is $350 per hour for the same yet seen others whole night $900 & $1500 rates so I think her pricing is all over the shop. But if its massage and extra's your after she fits the bill as not many young Aussies up here do it & for what I wanted I did have a good time this time. 

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th September 2013, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: Qwerty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
where should I say I got her number from if she asks? Great review!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 07:30 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ahhh got to love web pages, I filled out another indept report only to be advised I was not logged in. Whats the go there fella's normally I do it in word so its there but not this time I went straight to the reply.  

NOT HAPPY

Anyways I cant be bothered doing that review after this dissapointment


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment : Private Residence / Kangaroo Point

Date of Visit : 29/11/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 169 456

Hours of Business : 24/7 

Rates : $250 / 60 min (I was there 2 hours)

Age : 20

Size/shape : 12 / chubbish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS +

Value for money/recommend? : YES / HELL YEAH BROTHERS
Ok I am a bit flipping peeved I had to do this all again. But anyways
Not wanting to drive to far from my abode, I found Tammy again advertising in Brisbane this time, only 15 min up the road in Kangaroo Point so make a booking via text message, as I have seen her before no need for endless groundwork this time, her text reply was $250 for 1 hour, kissing, titty sex, blowjob, fingering, licking ass & fingering ass, creampie if you like this - I took that as def no rubbers. Pretty open about the bareback feature of her prices. Then again alot of girls are becoming more open about this aspect of sex work. 

So book a time & new address in Kangaroo Point, a easy drive over & knock on the door, she is rather cute IMHO, nice curvy body that seems to work with some girls, this girl it def does work, nice perky tits but not overly perky more a natural hue to them lol. Nice white sexy underwear, she relises straight away she has seen me before & proceeds to passionatley kiss me for a few minutes, before we stop & take care of the funds transfer. She tells me she has a few weeks break before getting back into it mainly to try & shake some asshole ex clients, but seems never to work but also to have a mental break from the sex she has to do because if she clicks her fucking takes alot out of her lol is what she said. So once the funds are cleared, onto the bed where a good 20 minutes is spent in a passionate embrace, we both fiddle out of our attire & proceed to play, wank, finger, tease each other, she was already mega wet, she says "I love when a mans fingers just slide off my clit when Im that wet" & "A pussy is ment to be stretched baby stretch my wet cunt" I cant deny a lady now can I fellow punters, so I stuff 4 fingers into her very very wet almost beyond belief wet as she tells me more obscenities. After this solid & torrid opening stanza, she goes down for the cock. . . . . 

Now this girl can suck a very good cock, though at times I had to ask her to well ease of with the pressure, plenty of ball sucking & licking, spitting & nibbling, she said "I love when a man tells me what to do" as she pulls my cock from her mouth to do some titty fucking, smallish tits so really not the visual excitment but still shen gets the nipples into the eye of my throbbing cock, all the time spitting & slapping the cock on her tits, chin & mouth before she continues with this very good visual display of cock sucking & authority. She loves sucking cock, and tells me "I love being forced" so I ram my cock down her throat & pull on her hair & she loves it, big sighs & moans ensures this is going as planned. I pull her up as I really wanted to feast on her slitherly slipper slit.

I drag her up lol & she rolls onto her back & spreads her legs while I finger fuck her as she spanks & rubs her clitty where I manouver my mouth to great her fingers, she fingers herself with 4 fingers & really gets into it, you can see the juices all over her thighs & ass before she very quickley pulls them out & stuffs them in her mouth, she says "I love my cunt juice" and then tells me "eat me hard" so I get down to business, sucking on her flaps, her clit, her asshole, tonguing her cunt with gusto while she screams & moans & not forgetting cums a couple of times in the next 20 minutes as I lick & suck & tease her pussy, fingers depe inside her ass & one in her box as she spreads her lips & instructs me to "bite her piss hole" who am i to say no......by this time its ready for a good old fashion fucking i say...

So I slowly pull myself up, to slow for her she pulls on what little hair I have  as she wants to taste her cunt on my lips, mouth & tongue as my cock slides inside her very hot and well tight pussy as we kiss, she whispers in my ear "this is so naughty but I love bare cock in me makes me hot" & "i love when Im being filled with cum" this is my cue to fuck her neat & clean & to blow in her, she spreads her legs as far as she can, i pull my cock out & slap her clit with my cock, this makes her moan & say "i love a man in control" & "make me your whore" she loves the small talk this girl, so I slap her clit stupid before plundging in again as I was at the cusp of no return, my balls slapping her ass, soaked literally from her cunt juice before blowing deep inside her she says "yes fill my cunt" as she bucks & gets all the ex baby seed out, my sterile seed now inside her young pussy, she urges me to quickly get my phone for some pics, she lays on her back & parts her pussy lips & deep inside you can see the cum so i happily snap away, nice pics as she rubs her clit & fingers her hole. 

She rolls over onthe her stomach, and arches her back & ass into the air, she says I need more fucking, I say well I would love to suck on your asshole & she says "I want it do it" so I tongue her shit shute for all she is worth, sucking, tonguing her ass & alternating 2 fingers inside her shitter & cunt, sh is driven insane by this, begging me to take more pics of fingers in her cunt & ass, who am i to deny right boys ? I finger & stretch her asshole & pussy to the max, she is withering like putty in my hands, she begs she needs more cock, so into the position & my cock easily goes in, she loves bareback this girl & we fuck for a solid 10 minutes, she is quiet forecful in her bucking back onto my cock as my fingers buried deep in her asshole while I fuck her before another almighty cum inside her wet creamed up pussy. We slow down, til my limp cock flops out, she rolls over & I fall ontop of her, kissing & fondling in our warm down. 10 minutes later we start to dress & have a drink. 

She chats about regulars, says if she has seen you before & you where respectful she enjoys fucking, she says I love cum in me loves the feel when a guy does blow, she can generally feel the moment & loves how naughty it is. She loves being treated like a fuck machine in a respectful way. She loves being dominated but also loves being in control & loves dirty talk. She loves a man in control. She even admitted while she dont do alot of anal at all, when in doggy If i decided to to tease her asshole with my cock she would of let me fuck her ass during the session..............  fucking dang it!!!!!!!!

Overall: Well I was there just over 2 hours, for $250 its absolutely a bargain price for a attractive young girl with a nice curvy body, but one of them girls whos figure it works on & works very well. Very much a value session with this young lady, she loves being dominated in a very respectful way, there is a difference to treating them with respect & treating them like they are garbage, maybe a fine line but there is a difference. With anything on the table with pics honestly can you beat her price ? Final note after my surgery this session seems to of not eccect my jewels lol. 

PS: She offers a over night service $1000 from 7pm til 6am, personally I would get tired of fucking the same chick for 11 hours, but for the money even 4 hours is value then some condsidering she is a fuck hound, bareback, pics 7 videos really find a better price for a attractive white young girl let me know.

Rating : 10/10 
AS ALWAYS YMMV - ESPECIALLY WITH TAMMY


