Thread Title: Tanya - Southport - 0481 356 580
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th September 2013, 07:19 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Tanya - Southport - 0481 356 580
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tanya

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 24/09/2013 / 9:30pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481 356 580

Hours of Business : Not totally sure but long hours

Rates : $220 / 60 min QUOTED

Age : 20

Size/shape : Nice 12 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FULL SERVICE

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES 

My experience/comments : Well I have had alot of fun writing up these reviews, finally a outlet to relieve the feeling of bliss and reading through them last night got me a bit toey I must admitt so while I was going to have a punt tonight / Thursday night well my cock got the better of me. Must admitt I do enjoy reading up on the adventures of all these members. 
Still having plenty in my "escort" fund and I mean plenty & after a few calls around Brissy and the Gold Coast, I do often wonder with the girls phone manner how they actually get bookings, again so many rude and very sterile calls later I call tanya, and while not being over the top with selling herself like the ones I have seen of late she was very pleasant and chatted for a while advising me of her serivices and being totally friendly so made a booking for 9:30pm 
Well Tanya, 1st of all she is cute without being drop dead pretty, very much a normal looking chick, brunette with a nice face, body is a decent size 12 but she pulls it off with her hieght so actually looks rather nice, and nice sized tits and a shaved pussy (my fav) and arrived at her place to find a nice girl, wearing a nice black dress & enjoyed a nice 10 min chat before the cash exchanged hands. 

The service was good without being a standout for punt of the year, she was friendly at all times, 1st act was light kissing and plenty of titty fondling and her wanking my cock gently while my hands slowly made there way to her nice wet pussy, her legs parted and my fingers slipped in under her nickers where I continued to play with her clit and getting 1/2 a finger inside her, got the feeling she was not over fond of being fingered so never pushed it, so a good 10 minutes of this before I made my way down to her wet pussy, taking her nickers off and licking her pussy, veryu sweet smell and a magic taste, a good 10 min of tongue fucking and clit licking ensured, she was enjoying it you could tell by the moans and not sure if she noticed 2 fingers deep inside her but she was enjoying it, always tell when Its a natural enjoyment with a girl instead of a fake enjoyment. Not sure if she cummed or not but it sounded real, so after pleasuring her it was my time she demanded. 

Now her cock sucking skills (covered) are ok, nothing grandiose about it at all yet at the same time she mixes cock sucking up so it dont become boring for the client or herself, from a slow rythem to a fast almost deepthroat fucking back to head nibbling and ball tickling, was a nice blowjob with out being standout. Started out with her down there and just blowing on the head of my cock and then a slow wank while she put come saliva over my head, this was nice before she reached for the dom and as stated a nice variety and enjoyed a solid 10 minutes, she asked only once let me know when you want sex and I will stop, knowing time was not on my side for a 2nd shot (as was aloud) I let this go on a touch longer to draw out time. 

The sex was good, after advising the young lady I was ready and wanted her to fuck me, she slides up slowly to ride me, slowly the riding increased but not to fast, I got the feeling she enjoys slow fucking instead of hard fucking and for 5 minutes me sucking on her tits I asked for her to go reverse, this was a nice view always enjoyed this position watching the cock go deep inside while having a good view of the asshole always does it for me, so a good 5 minutes on this before I asked "can i now fuck you to finish" yes was the answer I do love being fucked missionary its my fav position she said. So a good 3-5 minutes with the pace picking up before the 1st real hard fucking this girl got from me to finish, expelled and rather ready to go again to be honest maybe it was the session but Tanya done well.

Overall : Was a nice punt without being over the top or sterile session, she was very willing, friendly and never rushed the service, let me take the pace and let it flow from there. Always willing to do what is required this time around and only asked or advised once during the whole time just to let her know if I wanted to do something, and this flowed through out and enjoyable time but def wont make the top 10 this year but she is fun and honestly cant fault her really, if i could sum it up would say a honest service and not a waste of cash. Did mention as a lot of girls do her prices are negiotable if you treat her with respect but wont do silly prices and depends on how many clients she has seen for the day or week, if she really needs the money she will lower if she has to but tries to stay to her set rates. Mentioned she hates arrogant men and she sees alot of and keeps the phine numbers for when they call or text her so she knows no repeat visits.
As always treat sex workers with respect the same as your mother or your Mrs or any girl and they will treat you with respect.
AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th September 2013, 09:52 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I should of added, her normal rate is $330 for a GFE, $150 extra for anal and $50 for natural oral...When she told me her rates I politely declined due to my $250 PH limit for a girl, she did text about 15 min later offering $220 for the hour covered light GFE for tonight only hence my booking. I get the feeling if you payed the $330 you would get a real good experience with this girl and could even come down on the anal and natural oral combined service, as I enquired for anal & natural would be $530 for a hour to which she said "yeah does sound excessive"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th September 2013, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Excellent review brother P4P !

And I appreciated your self introduction in the General Discussion section as well.

So at $330/hr for an Aussie girl which I think is already a reasonable value - even at Sydney standard. But for you to negotiate that down to $220 ! great value. that's well done brother. 

Cheers


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th September 2013, 12:13 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you Lungor, I never negioted her down at all she sent a text offering this one only deal so took it lol.
Well $330 is top end up here even for Gold Coast full service with young Aussie chicks, generally around $200 $250 is the average for a hours worth of fun. You can get alot cheaper trust me up in SW QLD, Brisbane especially and if you are polite and negotiate you will get decent rates. Off coarse always girls who simply wont negotiate on anything but I generally can find value, and just because a girl is alot cheaper then the next it means nothing about there service and sexual appitite it all depends on why they do this for a living.


