Thread Title: Tanya - Deception Bay - 0417 755 921
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2020, 05:56 PM
Poster ID: LAB
Post Title: 
 Tanya - Deception Bay - 0417 755 921
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tanya

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 9th Jan 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-Brisbane.html

Phone : 0417 755 921

Hours of Business : 9.30am - 5.00pm

Rates : $100 half hour

Age : 40'ish

Size/shape : Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Pretty much everything but not anal. Happy to bare back at no extra cost

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I've seen Tanya a few times over the last couple of years and she's probably the best value for money fuck out there if you like all things BB.
She's short and tubby, average looking, and has very nice set of big tits. She's really friendly and accommodating.
Seems to really love what she does and is open about the fact that she is married with kids and hubby is apparently fine with it. I think she once told me they do the whole swinger scene.

I turn up, go straight into the bedroom (I'm freshly showered and so is she) hand over the cash and its straight into DFK. I get her top off, have a good suck on her tits and tell her to get on her knees and suck my cock. She does this and I quite enjoy trying to take the rest of my clothes off while she has her mouth around my cock. She gives an absolutely awesome BJ by the way and will go at it for as long as you like.

I stand her up, tell her to remove the rest of her clothes, push her back on the bed and slide straight into her. I fuck her really hard in many positions for a good 20 minutes and in between position changes get her to suck my cock and lick my balls.

I'm pretty sure she'd be fine with a cream pie but that's not my thing so when I've had enough of fucking her I get her to give me a nice BJ and shoot my load in her mouth. She just about sucks out every drop but does not swallow. It gets deposited in a tissue.

Overall an awesome value for money root.


