Thread Title: Tara - PWL - Logan area - 0403 360 647
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 08:54 PM
Poster ID: martys74
Post Title: 
 Tara - PWL - Logan area - 0403 360 647
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tara 

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 15/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403360647 (on Locanto search Sexy passionate slim size 8 blue eyed blonde tara 30 there are 3 pics)

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : 120 30 min

Age : about 38

Size/shape : Size 10 (but not in shape)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY FS (safe)

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments : Messaged Tara whislt visiting Qld...Tara is in the Logan area housing commision estate.. Opens the door in lingerie.. the pics on Locanto are very flaterring.. she looks similar but is certainly not in shape like the pics.. She seemed to be a old hand at the game.. Motions me to come upstairs no word of a shower.. brings the fan up as it was such a hot day.. straight into a BBBJ.. got her to 69 so I could taste her pussy.. fairly nice pussy... then straight into mish hammered away before blowing in the bag.. fairly average punt wont be back a little rough around the edges


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 09:22 PM
Poster ID: maugoat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_3168607...onde-tara.html

These links are handy in posts


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 11:37 PM
Poster ID: martys74
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry gentleman will def remember for next time .  

Sent from my Agora 4G Pro using Tapatalk


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 03:02 AM
Poster ID: Vagpounder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Posted this on another forum and just pasting here. I want to get the word out about this WL and for punters to steer clear.

------
Having a late night itch, I decided to take Locanto roulette with this one. Just reinterated exactly why you go on Locanto with caution. Absoloute waste of money.

I was after a quick BJ for $50 and she originally agreed I could COT. I rock up after midnight and I am walking up the street to find her house, only to see a guy with a dog walk out. I panic and bail back to my car on the other street to wait before he goes back in. 

I message Tara to ask which house it is, low and behold, it is THAT house. I assumed it was a housemate so I decide to wait and then I finally make my way back. As I am walking back, he comes out again and he is wearing a singlet, tattoos - the epitome of a bogan. He asks me if I am looking for house 15 and I reluctantly say , "Yes". He tells me to follow him and he leads me to the house and calls out to Tara to let me in. I believe he is her partner and is working as security. I brush the awkwardness off and try to get in the mood.

So we go inside and get business out of the way and off the clothes go. She gets me hard and starts the CBJ. I can hear her phone going off non-stop and she finally checks her phone whilst jerking me off. Big mood killer. She she starts sucking me again and then her phone RINGS. She answers it and it is her partner and I can hear him say, "Someone pulled up and I asked him how long he was staying for and he wouldn't answer so I told him to fuck off". At this point, I can tell she is trying to rush me because it was obviously another client and she told me beforehand it was a long booking. I could tell she wanted to finish me off so she could get to her phone in time to salvage that client. Even then, she couldnt help herself and started texting again!

After she is done, she takes the condom off and starts jerking me off. At this point, I am too annoyed to object and just want it over and done with. As I am about to climax, I ask her if I can stand up to cum on her tits and she now tells me that it is only offered in full service! She then gets tissues and makes me cum on them. 

Biggest waste of money, atleast it was only a $50. I brought an extra $100 with me, just incase she turned out to be a gem, too. I will also mention she is ALOT larger than the photos show. She also has a lot of loose skin around her stomach with alot of stretch marks, which was frankly, a massive turn off. Clearly just had a pregnancy. 

Steer clear of this WL. I am so pissed right now


