Thread Title: Tara - Brisbane - 0450 866 470
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2018, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: InnocentDave
Post Title: 
 Tara - Brisbane - 0450 866 470
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tara Rhoades 

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/tara-rhoades

Phone : 0450866470

Hours of Business : 10am - 11pm

Rates : $450 hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : 167, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : DATY, FS, virtually no boundaries except for butt stuff

Value for money/recommend? : I have already met her several times.

My experience/comments:

Most of my meetings with Tara were in Brisbane, and the most recent one was in Sydney. Since she mainly works in Brisbane, I am posting this in the forum for QLD. But I will focus on my session in Sydney, since that is the one freshest in my memory. 

Tara is an intelligent and beautiful young lady. The first thing you notice about her is how attractive, yet approachable, she is. She definitely has the girl-next-door type of look. After a quick chat, it should be apparent how smart and hard-working she is. 

Ok, so what about the sex? Well, Tara is a wild one. She is insatiable, and she will take the the reigns in the bedroom. She admits that she is almost horny all of the time! She gives an excellent blowjob, with incredibly sensual and tantalizing eye contact throughout. One of my favorites is DATY with her. I would place my head between her legs and just let my tongue loose. She would writhe with pleasure and squeeze my head with her legs until I am out of breath. Learn to hold your breath guys! The sex, needless to say, is fantastic. She has a mirror at her place and watching her take command in various positions is a sight to behold. 

Another thing worth mentioning is the fact that Tara seems to bring something new to the table every time. I have met her a few times now, but there is always something new that she does that drives me crazy. She has introduced various toys in our meetings, and she has also slapped me a few times. I never knew I liked to be slapped!

Sadly though, all good things must end. Due to her ambitions, she is leaving the industry this coming February. I'd say try her at least once, before she disappears.


