Thread Title: Taylor, Brisbane CBD, 0474 511 371
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th July 2016, 12:46 PM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: 
 Taylor, Brisbane CBD, 0474 511 371
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taylor

Establishment : Private - Outcall 

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...heekysecret01/ 

0474 511 371

Hours of Business : check E&B website

Rates : $230 hr (plus extras - $50 each per hour)

Age : 30

Size/shape : 10, fairly solid, body pics accurate, nice natural DDs, pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Kissing, BBBJ,COB/COT (all strictly at her discretion), CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, overall probs the best punt on my June Brissy trip

Comments:

I meant to post this with my others from June, but could not find the link for Taylor's ad, so thought it was pointless. Its back up again on E&B. 

I love big naturals. Hers were nice DDs, not huge, but nice and firm. Taylor has a pretty face, eyes, and lips. She lists herself as "super attractive", which from a physical standpoint is kind of a stretch, but she is attractive guys. 

Taylor met me at my CBD hotel. I was interested immediately, and wasn't sure how long I wanted. I asked for 1/2 hr initially, which at $140 without a travel charge is good value. When I saw her I booked an hour. I then extended an hour. I think I paid a total of $150 to $200 in extras (BBBJ, kissing)

Down to the business, I hardly ever kiss, but had to kiss Taylor. She has a great demeanor, and is open to please you. She got on her knees right away, unzipped me, pulled mycock out, and started with a great bbbj, really smooth, great tongue action with a pretty pink tongue rolling around my cock,  and a pretty face looking up at you. I wanted to COF/CIM. She said that COF/CIM were off limits, even with extra $. 

Continued to undress her, sucked her lovely tits, we kissed a fair bit, and I then positioned her in doggy on the bed and slipped into her nice smooth shaved pussy, while gripping her solid but nice ass (she is not petite, but not at all fat, just solid - pics accurate). I fucked her doggy for a while, but the ass was turning me on, so I went for the flip, and fucked her missionary while kissing her. She had lots of dirty talk for me, and encouraged me to cum on her tits, which I did.

A couple more rounds of the same, and for me it was a pretty good punt overall. I liked her and clicked with her too, which always makes a difference, so YMMV. 

She did give me the "cum for me baby" which always tells us punters that she wants us to finish. She gave me a reasonable amount of fucking time before she did this, but I like to decide on my own. I actually talked to her about it after the first round, and she admitted that she had been working the night before, and was fairly sore. Fair call, but she probably should have taken the afternoon off, for both our sakes. It didn't ruin anything for me, and I enjoyed my time with Taylor. Calling it out because it might not fly with some of you. 

I had such a miserable time at all the Brissy brothels (what is wrong with them?) with the countless extras that were ridiculous, that to have Taylor the next day giving me a great bbbj for the same price as a girl at Platinum (or whatever), who wanted $50 to suck her tits.

Good value punt for me. My suggestion is "give her a go if you like the ad/pics, and book 1/2 hr with no travel costs at $140. Its a basic service, but when you see her you may want to pay the extras, and you may want to book more time.


