Thread Title: Tiana - Nerang, Gold Coast - 0490 339 024
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th October 2013, 06:36 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Tiana - Nerang, Gold Coast - 0490 339 024
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiana

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 07/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490 339 024

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $300 / 3 hours plus cab fare QUOTED

Age : 23

Size/shape : 16 / chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FULL SERVICE

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES

My experience/comments : Well being down with the family well sister anyways parents live down Wollongong in NSW these days and well she knows I play around with ladies of the night & doing some house sitting as she was away with her family for a long weekend, cut a long story short having problems & was just sitting incase her "ex" decided to come & take more shit, but being bored decided after a while I was horny & wanted some "playtime" & well have chatted to this lady before under other names but she going with Tiana for todays purpose, with nothing else tweeking the old hornbone in my body after basically exhausting the listings I decided why the flip not. After some decent intel, agreed on $300 for 3 hours, she offered $500 for 8 hours, her normal price is $600 for 7 hours so all in all figured not a bad price for some sexy fun but also agreed if she was not my type (initial sell did worry me) $100 for a blowjob & leave. Arranged cab fare asper request lucky for me today it was $15 each way so must live close to the sister. Have seen her adds a few times as stated, claims she is a single mother trying to make ends meet, nothing really to dispell this claim with her checking with her mother all was well with the kid, she said her mother would be motified if she knew what she was doing. 
Ok so she arrives more or less on time, around 8pm Sunday night, what do i get for her cheap services & rates ? Well look I will be honest she is not the "best" painting hanging on the wall but in all honesty she was not as bad as I was expecting, body was ok face cute, moster tits & very friendly lass & explained for $50 "other" service can be provided "wink wink" anyways read into that what you want. NOw she was dressed quiet hot for her body shape & size, many girls could take a leaf out of her book in dressing for your body sizes ect. Anyways sit down have a yak about does & donts, her donts where kissing & anal EVERYTHING ELSE WAS ON THE TABLE. Did mention the kissing & she said well get me hot & I will prob let that go as well....

Enough of the chit chat by now I was horny and the kissing of the neck while she rubbed my chest & her hands made there way to my already hard cock. Was horny & even though her tits where begging for my mouth she with in 3-4 minutes was down sucking cock....and WOW all I can say she was really good at this, she really enjoyed sucking cock (she did say before hand she loves it) basically a really great 30 min blowjob where everything ticked the appropriate boxes, from spitting with hard wanking & sucking to gentle teasing of the head, nibbles & ball play to Tiana begging me to fuck her mouth faster & faster, before letting her know I was ready to blow her mouth apart she slowed down, saying she loves watching cum explode from a mans cock, so nice rythem with mouth & hand before the mother load exploded, she watched in fascination is all I could say, wanking til all the load was dripping down my shaft before she proceeeded to suck all the cum off and swollow - well done babe is all I could say.

Now I was spend & in all honesty could of sent her on her way as i was tired & was totally relieved by a 1st class blowjob, but on the hour mark after chatting & watching Taken 2 on the old tele, I started getting the urge, wanted to titty fuck this girl, she was obviously hanging out for cock as the whole time she spoke about how she loved sex, so went for the kiss, no objections infact is was a very sensual erotic passionate kiss that got me hard straight away, for the 1st time my hands wondered down to her pussy, & must say she was wet as 3 fingers found shelter inside her body to which she seemed to really enjoy, her 1st real sexual attention was just heating up, she stood up to take of her clothes and well a ok body but monster tits, and a nice looked shaved pussy on her, got her to stand and lift 1 leg upto the arm of the lounge while I licked on her clit while my fingers fucked her harder & harder at her prompting before she cummed so hard she almost fell over, before continuing eating her rather nice look pussy really, fingering & licking her for a good 20 minutes before getting her down to fuck her nice tits, there where big yet somehow defied gravity a little but watching my cock slide between her tits was a great grand sight before unloading over her neck as she tried to catch the cum in her mouth. 

Decided why the hell not to fuck this girl, so ushered her into the bedroom where I performed more pussy eating, she did must say now have a very nice pink pussy & watching my fist go deep inside her cunt was a awsome sight as she bucked harder onto my hand wanting me to go deeper & deeper. She must of cummed 4-5 times in a matter of 15 minutes before she begged for more cock sucking, so my fist limps out of her well loose box, but was a great sight seeing her clit stretched to the max, so onto another round of cock sucking, I think the fisting took alot of energy out of her, the blowjob was was way more subdued this time but still a very much enjoyable 25 min being sucked off, after this she manouvers herself for some riding, my cock easily going in where she rides a very solid motion for 10 minutes but simply was not doing anything to make me come, so into missionary where I bend her legs back to the max and piledrives into her, this was now hitting the spot before unloading another hot load of jizz, she seemed exhausted to be honest. This was close on 2 hours, & being the gentleman & being quiet happy with the value I sent her on her way after she had a shower & a cold drink. 

Overall: Look she wont be everyones cup of tea in the looks department, having said that she is cute in the honest young mother next door way & honestly in my 5 years seen less attractive women, seen more attractive ladies costing way more & giving nothing compared to this girl, sexually honestly cant tell me you get better rates then what she offers for her time, anything basically is on offer for a bargain price, her blowjob is outstanding & for me was perfect really for a wanting slut.

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th January 2014, 12:35 AM
Poster ID: Vassago
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Kelvin. Where did you find Tiana's advertisement?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th January 2014, 09:52 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review 😝


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th January 2014, 10:04 AM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Number disco. Anyone know if she is still around? In that area soon and she sounds like someone I would definitely book.


