Thread Title: Tiffany - Sunshine Coast - 0468 863 866
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2015, 08:56 PM
Poster ID: oz2x
Post Title: 
 Tiffany - Sunshine Coast - 0468 863 866
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 27 Nov 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????Real video with pic Sexy Naughty Model Tiffany has a lot to offer ????? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-late

Rates : $130 for 30min $200 for 60min

Age : Claims to be 20, more like 30-35yo

Size/shape : Size 6, Claims to have D cups, they're actually B/C

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : FS and GFE

Value for money/recommend? : No and No

My experience/comments : I just returned from the hot and humid weekend at the Sunshine Coast.

I got to Sunshine Coast early on Friday at around 9am and hotel check in isn't til 2pm, had plenty of time to kill and a bit of cash to splash as well, so I go to cracker.com.au and check to see what WL are in the area.

Had to type "sunshine" in the keyword search function to narrow my options down, there were quite a few options there but oddly there were about 4 or 5 ads that had videos of Asian girls dancing and stripping. So I tried calling Tiffany first, couldn't get through to her couple of times, I tried my luck with another ad and an Asian lady answered and I asked her if she's free at 11.30 the same day and she said yes and will text me her address, I then got a text message from Tiffany with the address, I called the other lady back who I made a booking with and told her she hasn't sent me her address and she said yes she did so then I realised those ads videos are the same person but with different mobile numbers and description.

?? Real VIDEO WITH PIC ?? The Girl Of Your Dream SUCKER, Let Me Suck U?? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au
??????New dream Girl??????INCALLS & OUTCALLS??? ???- 20 ?? want- a- ride- of- your- life- then- call - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au
??????-? Only 158 cm !!SIZE 5 36CC Typical HONG KONG Student ????????-? ?21?0473415199 - - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au
VIDEO + PIC ????? I will give you a fun day in Office ??? Korean OL New in Town ????? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Now these videos in the ad claim they are real, became very skeptical after I realised the ads are the same person.

But anyways, it was 11.15, parked my rented car in front of the complex, texted Tiffany that I have just arrived, and she texted back saying she's going to be a while and I said ok. It was closer to 11.30, haven't got a response from her, tried calling her, didnt answer, she later got back to me saying shes running late and going to be another10 minutes and I said ok. It was now 12, I have texted her again, and asked her how long shes going to be, didnt get a response after 5 minutes, I was writing up a text telling her this isn't good enough as I have waited for over 45minutes and before I was about to send her that message, I got a txt from her saying she's ready, I then made my way to her apartment complex.

I knocked on the door, she opened the door, and when I first saw her, I straight away knew she would be an older and mature woman but anyways, I made the booking, I padi her $130 for half an hour, I hoped into the shower to wash myself got out, she had the bed ready, she got me to lie down, she climbed onto top of me slipped a condom on and performed a CBJ which wasn't bad, it was really good. Afterwards she slipped my hard cock into her and rode me but it was a little to rough for my liking, she was jumping up and down my cock, making loud moaning noise like your typical Asian WL does.

I then got on top of her, I started pounding her pretty hard but the harder I was pounding her, the louder she got, so I slowed down a bit, after 10minutes being on top of her, I finally came, cleaned myself up, got dressed and left.

Will definitely not recommend her at all to anyone who would visit the Sunshine Coast and are looking to have a punt. Stay away


