Thread Title: Tiffany - Brisbane - 0423 925 349
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th July 2016, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: quattro73
Post Title: 
 Tiffany - Brisbane - 0423 925 349
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Private worker, works from apartment in Albert St.

Date of Visit : Late May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????Creaming Asian Pussy. CBD????? - Brisbane escorts - cracker.com.au 0423 925 349, 

Hours of Business : Unsure, Home worker

Rates : $180/45mins, $230/hr

Age : 23

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Full Service, straight sex

Value for money/recommend? : A little higher than others but very pretty.

My experience/comments : Only booked 45 mins as it was first time. Wanted to see if she was any good. She texted me the address which was an upmarket apartment in Albert St Brisbane City.
She greeted me at the door in a tight fitting dress with obviously no underwear or bra.  Her hair has a nice wave to it which looks great on asian women.
She leads me to the bedroom and we have a nice chat.  Her english is excellent.
Due to short time we get straight down to business.  She is uninhibited and really enjoys clit play during sex.  We both orgasmed....hers was not a fake.

Has good shower facilities for afterwards.  Very clean apartment


She climaxed during our short time together.....very good.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th October 2016, 10:38 PM
Poster ID: newB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
OK, so have been trying unsuccessfully to line up some time with a few from escorts&babes to no avail. Either I get no response or they dont have availability when I can, leaving me immensely frustrated (Nobody told me punting needed this amount of dedication). I needed a sure thing so I decided to go with an asian girl that had been reviewed, being Tiffany above. 

The cracker ad looked gorgeous and I had to make sure I didn't cum in anticipation after making an easy booking. After work made way to a well appointed building in the city. The directions were a bit confusing and ended up going onto a parking floor before being redirected to the next building and the right room there. 

I approached the door with a palpating heart and a throbbing cock .... only to find a witch of a 55 year old asian lady, with copious amounts of make up unable to hide the deep wrinkles, with boobs pumped up to a size G, with the rest of the body in need of a walking frame - with the ominous sense that breathing the same air might give me squirrel-AIDS. 

By this time the door had closed behind me and I pointed out that the person in the ad was different to which she responded: "Me Number 1". Yeah right - number 1 if you need to be cured of an addiction to punting. Needless to say i beat a hasty retreat. 

Anyway - buyer beware. I am off to checkout some porn and jerk off - just to make sure I haven't lost the ability to ejaculate after this encounter.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th October 2016, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: wally
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been to this address and phone number on 2 occasions. 2 different providers.

One too good to be true but true it was ......the other as described above (yesterday).

Called punting for a reason


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st October 2016, 04:56 PM
Poster ID: wally
Post Title: 
 Tiffany -  Albert St,  Brisbane - 0423 925 349
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany 

Establishment : Private Apartment 

Date of Visit : Mid October

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Brisbane Backpage/Cracker Locanto

Hours of Business : 8 Am -11Pm

Rates : 200/hr 

Age : 22 supposedly

Size/shape : Slim/quite tiny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore

Services Provided : Full service /Massage

Value for money/recommend? : No



Booked "Lily"  thinking I would be getting a treat from a nice slim Asian girl.

Communication all good .

Knew that communication was with pimp but had been before with great girl and no complaints.

In fact service was great.

This one was very different.

Suspect my provider was even a transsexual due to body shape and huge bolt ons.

Shoulda walked but I thought what the hell why not.

English was very poor .

Communicated enough to exchange money .

Lily was pleasant enough but the background music/dim lights  and "dance" to excite me just wasn't working

She tried to get me fully hard but to no avail.

Blow job was very good. Full cock swallow and ball lick at the same time.

So good that I blew when only half mast.

Still had it in mind that it was a guy doing it so it kinda killed the passion for me to continue to full sex.

Each to their own.

Not what I really wanted to happen and will have second thoughts about booking through this number again.


