Thread Title: Tina - Townsville - 0458 084 317
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th December 2011, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: gddiddy
Post Title: 
 Tina - Townsville - 0458 084 317
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : In calls only from a hotel

Date of Visit : 04/12/2011 Townsville North Qld

Contact Details 0458 084 317 works out of a hotel (is from Adelaide) and I visited her here in Townsville

Hours of Business :   9am to 10pm Monday to Sunday

Rates :  1/2 hour $120
1 hour $180

Age :  23

Size/shape :  sexy petite size 8 beautiful olive skin extremely well groomed, classy, well spoken and great boobs and arse with pussy shaved down to a strip. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : NFS  R & T (mutual touching)

Value for money/recommend? :  Reccommened, excellent worth every dollar and then some

My experience/comments:
I texted Tina this morning and got an immediate response. I then called and discussed the details. She said she was a size 8 had a bikini body long hair and pert boobs. I arranged a time for an hour and proceeded in.
I can tell you this was the most exhilirating experience I have had in my life. I was a little concerned prior to the meeting that she wouldn't live up to her description as most I have visited never do. I can tell you she did that and then some. Perfect body and very attractive. She must have some qualifications as a masseuse becuase she gave the most fantastic full body massage and every now and then brushing her nipples over my back and arse. She played with my balls ever so gentlly and oiled me all over. Flipped on to my front after approx 45mins and gave my chest and stomach a good rub just occasionally giving my cock a tweak. She then got into a doggie position and allowed me to rub her clit and lightly finger her. Then the most delicate tug job I have ever had happened and I sprayed my load. Finished exactly on the hour. Clean up and a shower and off I go. I was on cloud 9 (still am). I usually suffer from a really stiff neck but that has completely disappeared. The massage itself is worth the money. You lucky people in Adelaide that all I can say. Don't know how long she is here in Townsville. Do yourself a favour.


