Thread Title: Tina - Kangaroo Point - 0404 301 092
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2012, 12:08 PM
Poster ID: naughtydog
Post Title: 
 Tina - Kangaroo Point - 0404 301 092
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina


Establishment : Private


Date of Visit : 14 March 2012


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : time for tina ? ...ill make time for you  - Kangaroo Point | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


Hours of Business : Uncertain, but till quite late on a Friday apparently


Rates : $130/30mins, $200/hr


Age : 40 approx


Size/shape : 12-14


Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese apparently.


Services Provided :Massage DATY CBJ FS


Value for money/recommend? : Very individual


Tina was a random punt from Cracker. I contacted a few ladies to see if they could see me on a random Wednesday night, what their FS rates were, etc. I got a few say they only work until 7, etc. Tina appealed to me a lot from her cracker ad. I liked the idea of seeing someone where language was less of a barrier. I called, but no response, so I sent a text. She called back later, saying she was free the rest of the night and offered me $100 for half an hour, quite a drop from her normal rate. Obviously a quiet night. Why not? It's been a while.


Kangaroo Pt apartment door opened. Tina is older than I expected. She's probably close to 40. She'd be the oldest woman I've fucked probably by quite a bit. Whether she's a MILF depends on whether you would like to fuck her, I suppose. But I personally like the younger ladies. The first thing you notice is the boobs. They're GIGANTIC. I don't know if they're real or fake. I suspect they might be real. Tina is not a small girl. She's not what I'd call fat, but she's heavy. Shaved pussy. Face is.. pleasant but not particularly attractive. Again, YMMV.


There's not that much to say about the act itself. CBJ, which was good enough that I could have cum from that, though I stopped her. Onto sex. She jumped on top and bounced around with her tits in my mouth until the job was done.


All in all it's a job done. I spent a total of $100 with no extras offered or taken. Tina is actually very friendly, and quite likeable. She laughed easily and was good natured about the whole thing. Not that she necessarily "likes" the job, but she certainly is mature and positive about it, and seemed genuinely fond. Odd though this may sound I just get the feeling she's actually quite a nice lady.


The fact is, I won't be back. Tina isn't my type at all. But she may well be yours. If you like friendly Asian MILFs with giant boobs then Tina might be right down your alley.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd April 2012, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: Subman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
FYI guys.....Tina is now on holidays for a month or so


