Thread Title: Tina - West Ipswich - 0411 576 886
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2019, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: 
 Tina - West Ipswich - 0411 576 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Private house West Ipswich

Date of Visit : 14/3/9

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : From Locanto originally

Phone :0411576886

Hours of Business : 10-7 I think

Rates : $130 Half/$180 full hour.
I got 2 hours for $300

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : small size 6. Tits B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese....and poor english

Services Provided : BBBJ Massage and sex

Value for money/recommend? : YEs for QLD

My experience/comments : Ok lads.
I have seen this girl 3 times as to cut a long story short she was working at a place In Goodna for a while then moved to Sydney but now back in Ipswich area.
I could not put up reviews as I was unable to get into this site for about 3 months last year...but anyways,.
Told me sh was back in QLD and a private house in West Ipswich. Bit of a dumpy area but an ok old house.
I wanted 2 hours to fully relax and take my time so she said $300 which Is good considering I used to get 2 hours for $270 at Bonz1 so i was happy with that
Went in and straight into it. She was wearing a very sexy purple lingerie jacket and bikini compo.
Off that went I started on her pussy and ass which was very yummy.
Onto my back for a very good BBBJ. She has a good technique with tonguing the balls too lightly which makes me erupt...lol

Onto a 69 which was awesome and she likes and allows fingering of both her pussy and ass. And after a while she jacked me off really well to a bit bgi finnish as she really did have to wipe up her arms lol. 
A quick shower then a great massage which she is good at.
Then again onto my back for a BBBJ and a good handjob but I wanted to fuck so on with the dom and her ontop which is a good sight as she came a few times and has a cheeky look on her face as she does it.
Then me on top with some kissing and grinding and then some reallly fast stuff. She is a small build so you can put her legs back which she likes also.
Then the edge of the bed for some fast and furious stuuf and I was getting tired so i want onto my back and off with the dom.
She started some BBBJ bu then I wanted her to lick my balls as she does while I jacked off all over myself and she likes to see you cum and has a smile on her face and was surprised how much came out the second time...as was I...lol

Overall
BBBJ 8/10. Very good but I dont think she does cim
SEx 8/10.Very good also and loves it if you make her cum.
Just a PS.
The first time I saw her she was on top backwards and my cock slipped out and rubbed against her ass and she said "abal"?. So I did fuck her ass the first time but since then she has not indicated any of that.
But I will try again next time as she liked a finger in there all the way....Yummy
Cheers lads
Copul8er


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st March 2019, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Private House West Ipswich

Date of Visit : 18/03/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto

Phone : as above

Hours of Business : 9-7

Rates : Half $120. Hour $180

Age : mid-late 40's

Size/shape : Small 6 ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ sex and massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes again

My experience/comments : Saw this lady again on Monday after a rendezvous with an AMM lady fell through on Sunday and I really needed a seeing too.
Made the appointment and It was a nice rainy day for fun.
INto the room a big hug and slipped off the lingerie while fondling her from behind. Great body and skin she has.
Gave her a kiss and lick in her pussy and onto my back for a great soft ball licking and cock sucking session.
After a while she said she wanted to fuck and wanted me on top. Away she went and he really does enjoy this nice and slow and grinding into her.
Eventually came long and hard and then off with the dom and a really good massage followed.
Good QLD value for $120 and the massage was really good. Left after about 35 minutes maybe 40.
Overall.
BBBJ 9
Sex 8
Massage 8

I am going to take advantage of these short time prices as most are 200 per hour and 140 for the half here
Cheers lads


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th March 2019, 01:14 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Private West Ipswich

Date of Visit : 24/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Phone :As above

Hours of Business : 9-8

Rates : $100 h/hour

Age : 40's

Size/shape : small 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ sex cob

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Needed a release so Visited this lady again.
She seemed a bit rushed as some guy was supposed to turn up but didn't so told me to come over.
had a shower and straight into on my back for a BBBJ which was good.
Bit of a 69 then a dom and she likes to be on top then cums then me on top.
Was good but this time she keeps asking if I am going to cum and did it 3 times which shits me a bit.
After fucking for the whole time I got her to suck me again and she was jacking me off so I got her on her side and
Fingered her while she wanked me and her phone rang.
It was a punter so I continued to finger her while i wanked my self and came all over her tits and lovely skin and tried not to make too much noise and she seemed non plussed by everything...lol
Into the shower and away.
Overall
BBBJ 8/10
Sex 7/10 bit rushed
Cheers


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th April 2019, 08:34 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw this lady last week on Friday and she informed me that she is going to Sydney again.


