Thread Title: Vanessa, Tantric Massage  With Explosive Oral Or Unforgetable Full Gfe With A Jap Student - Springwood - 0412 876 583
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2015, 04:39 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Vanessa, Tantric Massage  With Explosive Oral Or Unforgetable Full Gfe With A Jap Student - Springwood - 0412 876 583
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa

Establishment : Private (working out of motel)

Date of Visit : 3.6.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tantric Massage With Explosive Oral Or Unforgettable Full Gfe With A Jap Student?? - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates :

Tantric massage with EXPLOSIVE ORAL: $80 for 20mins,$100 for half hour,$160 for an Hour
Unforgatable GFE full service:$120 for 30mins:$200 for one HOUR



Age : says 21 but really late 30s?? (think had botox recently)

Size/shape : really big soft squishy boobs, slim , good shape for age

Nationality : japanese

Services Provided : bodyslides, cbj, titty fuck, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/ Maybe Well if you look at the photos its not what you will get in the room. I believe it is her some 20 years ago, as i recognise her mouth and the big squishy boobs, which felt natural, but i was quite busy at the time.

Experience/ Comments: 

Decided to do a luchtime punt as i am enjoying them lately, and i had seen Vanessa advertise over a few months but never got around to booking, she has previously advertised in Backpage; Marsden and Gold Coast, and currently has listings in Holland Park and Springwood. I found her in Springwood operating out of a motel room.

i rang to no answer but she texted back with the details of her offerings (as listed above). Said that i wanted a 30 min nude massage, kissing and mutual oral and booked. Arrived to find houskeepimg doing the rounds, towels out at the front door of many rooms but the place was otherwise empty. The door opened and she was hiding behind so i guessed she was going to be older than the photos. Correct. On entering i was totally distracted by a dark room with several lengths of colourful LED snake lights over the walls and windows, which i quite liked as she had made an effort and they provided a nice effect. She sat me down in a chair and confirmed that i wanted 30 min massage, english not so good or she wasnt really confident? so she wrote down $130 which i knew from an old listing was FS 30min and that's not what i booked. Pulled out a hundred and showed her and she said that was alright, very quickly,( I did have another 30 in my other pocket just in case i went with FS)

Stripped down after she gave me a hurry up and lay down so i watched her take her clothes off, got to feel her legs and pussy, and i was quite pleased, she was in ok/good shape and has a massive set of boobs, the girl bits were lightly hairy, which is also my preferance. The bed was nicely presented with clean white towels side by side, she proceeded to lightly rub her hands over my back in circles as she stood on the floor which lasted all of a few minutes (thankfully) before she jumped on the bed between my legs and proceeded to do some dry body slides and push those big squishy boobs into my back and butt to great effect. Vanessa then got me to turn over before i wanted to, i was just getting into it and feeling a stir but she was insistent. Kneeling between my legs she willingly put a condom onto my semi soft penis and encouraged it to get hard with her lips and rolled it down with her mouth, which i love. She enjoys giving head and spent some time with good pressure working the shaft all the way to the base.

She was making a bit of noise and it had been a long time since anyone had given me a blowjob and worked it, so i locked down and lay back. Vanessa was going for it, and seemed happy for me to blow in the condom but had a change of mind when it didn't happen, pulled the condom off and squeezed her boobs around my dick and started sucking my nipples. She did have a moist wipe in her hand and washed my nipple each time before she sucked! so yes she does have cleanliness standards, and she was still doing the boob thing but still no happy ending. So she goes " fuck" grabs another condom, we spin around and now she is laying on the bed and i am between her legs, staring at a nice trim moist pussy and i go in close to lick and she goes No and brings me up and guides me in. Then the noises start, clearly practiced as an aid to get you finish but also kinda real she still had her hand down there flicking her clit, which I'm not so into as she is also limiting entry and i have a look and i'm barely in but there's noises like its hurting. So i bend around and gorge myself on those big boobs for awhile and then i tuck my legs up and and lift her slightly and gain full entry and her demeanour changes. Still with the noises, which were pretty darn loud and I'm sure the staff and neighbours would hear i gave that pussy a good pounding and i felt it get real wet and soak into my pubes before i came into the dom. She thanked me as we dressed and it felt genuine. 

Out the door in 25 mins i was very satisfied. A good pace but not rushed. Only booked a massage but her hands were cold so i figure i was her first for the day (how i like to meet new ML) and she was a bit horny. 

$100 / 30min bodyslides, decent CBJ, titty fuck, FS, mutual orgasm

I am certain Your Mileage WILL Vary as if i hadn't held off, it would have been over with the BJ in 15 mins. Again i think she's had botox recently, but I'm no expert but up close in mish was a bit scary so i recalled her photos and sucked those massive boobs. If you turn up expecting the photos you will get a much older version, no Gfe, no tantric massage or mutual oral on offer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd June 2015, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Vanessa's BP ad....





			
				My advert is an ACCURATE and thoughtful description of myself , which I invite you to browse , peruse , explore and enjoy just so you get a lil' acquainted to the naughty Me 
I'M AN EXOTIC WITH a BLEND of EUROPEAN& JAPANESE . 
"I exude Femininity , Sensuality , Kinks , Eroticismand I am told quite often that , I ooze sex appeal "
YOU WILL FIND ME , sexy , elegant , cute , sociable , discreed and polite .
MY PERSONALITY IS DESCRIBED AS warm , out-going and intriguing . "I have been told ; that I am thoughtful and easy to converse with" . But most importantly , I am a compassionate
"listner and pleaser " .I appreciate simplicity and leisure , but can keep pace with the changing mood..
I AM AN EXCEPTIONAL PACKAGE OF ELEGANCE & NAUGHTY FUN 
YOUR TIME SPENT WITH ME, WILL BE relaxing , exciting , fun and motivating . I have warm and passionate attitude in bringing confidence tempered with a desire to please and to be pleased . Furthermore , it is my sincere pleasure , that our time together surpass ur imagination , transcending all expectations , leaving you Fun- Filled and satisfied. . .
YOU MAY ALSO REST ASSURED THAT : Hygiene and Cleanliness is my hallmark and complete discretion is my trademark 

MY SERVICES AND FEES BELOW :
Tantric massage with EXPLOSIVE ORAL: $80 for 20mins,$100 for half hour,$160 for an Hour
Unforgatable GFE full service:$120 for 30mins:$200 for one HOUR

Tel : 0412-876-583

VANESSA
SEE
YOU 
SOON ..
Poster's age: 21

• Location: Inner Brisbane, Springwood


