Thread Title: Vicki QLD Tinder
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2017, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: davecraig
Post Title: 
 Vicki QLD Tinder
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki

Establishment : Private Brisbane/Fortitude Valley 

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tinder

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $280 x 1hr

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Short, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service/Anal/Squirting

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!!!!!!!!!

My experience/comments : 

So I was flicking through tinder and came across Vicki, she had a nice face and body from what I could see.  After messaging her she told me she was an escort.  I thought heck why not I hadn't had any for a while.
So I went to her's and was ready to bail looking at the place and watching the sides and my back in case anyone was going to jump me since I never arranged an escort through tinder.  But I was lucky this time (just beware guys shit could escalate real quick).  Vicki was like the girl next door pretty much so I wasn't going to bail.  She had quite a bubbly nature about herself and only wanted to please her clients.  So after having a shower together and moving to the bed and getting into the sex games about 10mins in she starts telling me to fuck her harder and faster.  Luckily all my fitness came into play so I did what a good boy gets told =P
She starts rubbing her clit at the same time telling me harder! harder!  I start to max out and I'm thinking wtf is going on I'm gonna have to have a break soon.
Then she let out a large scream and my cock got pushed out and she squirted all over me =O
I didn't know what to expect it was my first squirter after all.  However I was turned on by this and shoved my cock back in her and went hard and fast and again only to be pushed out and squirted on instantly.
After finishing round 1 she wanted round 2 and said for $100 extra she'd let me fuck her ass.  Luckily I bring extra money with me =)
She was definitely a nympho this one, once again she wanted it harder and faster but no squirt success for anal.  I ended by rubbing my cock on her pussy fast which made her squirt again.
After all that and going home I found she had dematched me =O it was almost like a unicorn fuck for me.  I tried deleted my profile and re-adding it to match her again but she never swiped right.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th November 2017, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Better to post recent reviews


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th November 2017, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: Budgieboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yawn and bullshit


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th November 2017, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


Better to post recent review
"""



And a review that other members could actually follow up on for their own experience!


