Thread Title: Violet Haze - Brisbane CBD - 0481 286 100
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th September 2014, 12:11 AM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Violet Haze - Brisbane CBD - 0481 286 100
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Violet Haze
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: Feb 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Violet Haze | Brisbane, Gold Coast | Escorts & Babes
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates:was $500/hr at time, now $600/hr
Age: early 20's
Size/shape: brunette, 5'8", size 6, a-cup, overly skinny
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian
Services Provided: Full Service, BJ
Value for money/recommend?: No
My experience/comments: 

This booking happened back in February, I didn't post the review at the time because she stopped escorting. Her ads have now reappeared so I thought I should post it now.

Booking was a complete mess I should have taken the hint. I arrived to a somewhat pretty brunette around 20. We had a drink on the balcony, next thing she had my cock out kneeling in front of me sucking it as I finished my beer and admired the view. Back inside and out of her dress she was really skinny. take 10kg off her photos would be a fair guess.   Oral was good. She was crazy in bed I still had marks on my back a week later, but she was all over the place and very erratic. She would be riding away then suddenly get distracted by something weird. If she was a bit more together she would probably be OK, but I'll leave it at that.

Not going back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th September 2014, 06:22 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review The Jesus.

Good review.

Here's a bit from Violet's E&B page,





			
				 GORGEOUS ELITE ESCORT
PLEASE NOTE: I I have recently cut my hair shorter on holidays and am currently only available for outcalls till the 15th of September.

Hello Gentlemen.
I'm Violet, your new favourite vice.
I'm a 21 year old Australian girl from Brisbane.

You'll love my slim sexy body and alluring features. I have long long legs, soft pale skin, long dark wavy hair that looks and feels like silk, big beautiful brown eyes that are kind and innocent but give a sensual seductive look once in the bedroom, soft voluptuous lips and enticingly gorgeous breasts. My beautiful smile is guaranteed to light up any room.

I'm an ideal choice for the gentlemen that wants that combination of exotic beauty and intelligent conversation. I strive to be the perfect companion and I know exactly how to please a man.
I provide a friendly, flirtatious, discrete, non-pretentious and seductive service. My attentiveness and caring nature will leave you more than satisfied. I believe it's about me spoiling you and providing you with an experience that you will never forget. I want to entice you, surprise you and capture your imagination.

My prices are all-inclusive. If you would like a list of my services please don't hesitate to contact me. QLD law does not allow me to provide a list of services so please ask me directly if interested. I do not provide any natural services at all.
I don't charge any extra for outcalls, however, a travel fee may apply if you are located outside of Brisbane. Please make initial contact via text as I am currently studying at university, which can initially make answering calls difficult.

Violet xx


