Thread Title: Viola Japanese Squirter - Surfers Paradise - 0439 783 608
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd June 2016, 08:37 PM
Poster ID: goldenhead
Post Title: 
 Viola Japanese Squirter - Surfers Paradise - 0439 783 608
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Viola

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 3/6/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0439 783 608

Hours of Business : 

Rates : massage 100/ FS 160

Age : 30s

Size/shape : slim/athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage/Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Definately

My experience/comments : After stumbling around Viola's neighbours backyard, I finally found her unit and knocked on the door. I was met by a very attractive (I love Japanese women so I may be a little biased her) and tall Japanese woman dressed in a t shirt and tights. After exchanging pleasantries I was led to a bedroom where a massage table was set up and told to take my clothes off and lay on the massage table before Viola left the room. After a short wait, Viola returned and commenced a reasonable massage, I took the opportunity to check out her very fit body which she pressed against me as she massaged me. Viola asked me to turn over and started on my front, and after a quick going over it became obvious I was ready to get down to business, so Viola led me over to bed where there was a towel laid out that she laid on on her back. Taking the scene in, I was immediately taken with the size of her clit, and was looking forward to taking it in my mouth... so diving in, I started on her neck, made my way to her sensitive nipples, and then down her flat stomach to her pussy.. It was as tasty as I had hoped and she wasn't joking when she said she was a squirter, she gushed and gushed and gushed... now I am no doctor so I'm not going to say what it is or isn't, but that mattered little to me, it was fun and tasty and as described... it got me very hot the idea of rolling her clit around in my mouth while she gushed all over me, so after about 10 minutes of it, I made my way back up her body and slid my cock into her... it certainly didn't take long until I had emptied my load into the bag.. definitely enjoyable, not a cock watcher, great VFM. I will be back..


