Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th December 2016, 07:19 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: 
 Wicked Angel - Broadbeach/Surfers Paradise - 0416 713 387
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Wicked Angel

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: December 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0416 713 387 - Home

Hours of Business: Day time until about 8pm, later with notice

Rates: Varies depending on service, I went for the massage service for $180/hr

Age: Mid-to-late 40s

Size/shape: About 5'8, very busty (amazing breasts) and curvy, nice round ass

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely

My experience/comments:

Came across wicked angel's profile on locanto while browsing for someone to see in Broadbeach. I found some reviews on another website, as well as reviews on here, but it was a bit hit and miss and it was still going to be a case of TOFTT as far as I was concerned.

I got in touch with her, and she sounded lovely and playful over the phone, and was happy to book me in short notice. I arrived at her apartment, which is kind of on the edge of broadbeach and surfers. She buzzes you up and greets you in a nice outfit (kind of a domme look). She asked what I would like and I told her the massage (as discussed on the phone) and I coughed up the money.

She led me to the shower, it was quite clean and nice, and gave me a clean towel to shower. She then led me to her sex room. I call it a sex room as it is decked out with restraints, a sex chain/swing looking thing hanging from the roof, a tv with porn playing, various sexual paintings on the walls and a whole bunch of sex toys in shelves and drawers. She laid a towel down on the bed and asked me to lay down face first, naked. She then proceeded to pour oil on me and commenced a nice massage. She started to strip, and revealed quite an outstanding body for her age. Deliciously large breast (they are almost perfect) and a great ass. She has a tiny bit of a belly that over hangs, but tbh she looks better naked with the clothes on in that regard.

She used her whole body to rub against my back, before eventually asking me to turn over and proceeded to give me a full body slide on the front. After a little while longer of this she asked me to sit on the edge of the bed where she oiled up her breasts and titty fucked me while spitting on my cock. I couldn't last much longer than this and ended up blowing a huge load over her breasts.

The rest of the session was spent with her massaging me while we chatted about everything under the sun.

She is a great lady and I honestly believe she is a hidden gem. Build a rapport with her and you will be treated well.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 03:52 AM
Poster ID: pussywrangler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can confirm, build some rapport and theres more on the menu! : )


