Thread Title: Wicked Angel - Broadbeach - 0416 713 387
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2016, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: Bob Macca
Post Title: 
 Wicked Angel - Broadbeach - 0416 713 387
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Wicked Angel

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: October 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0416 713 387

Hours of Business: Daytime

Rates: $280 p/h

Age: mid 40s

Size/shape: busty, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe, probably... more info in review

My experience/comments:

So I recently moved from Brisbane to the Gold Coast, which is one of the reasons I havent reviewed in a while. The other being that work has snowed me under.

Firstly, just wanted to say that the coast deadset sucks compared to Bris-vegas when it comes to looking for WLs! I googled for hours and could barely find a handful of reasonable WLs.

Anyways, finally came across Wicked Angel, who has a classy looking website.

Organising a booking was a breeze. Gave her a call and she squeezed me in that arvo. She says she lives in Broadie, but her place is probably closer to Surfers in truth. Nice unit on the top floor of a holiday resort. The shower and bedroom were clean and comfortable, so no issues there.

In terms of looks, she has a pretty hot body. Relatively tall, super curvy and deadset the best rack Ive ever seen. Unfortunately, shes a bit of prawn... great body, but not the best head. I wouldnt say shes terrible looking, just not my cup of tea.

Having said that, she seemed nice enough. The service was maybe a little clinical, but not that bad. The massage was professional, and the sex was actually pretty good. She definitely got into it, which was nice.

So would I recommend? Depends... if youre after a glamour that you can kiss and cuddle, then probably not, but if youre looking for a busty, curvy lady to shag, then jump in.

Also, the photos on her website are spot on, and are definitely her.

Cheers all, and happy punting!

Bob Mc


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 03:55 AM
Poster ID: pussywrangler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
theres a thread a few up, same girl... merge?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 07:52 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Found her webpage...Home


