Thread Title: Yuri - Miami - 0413 765 573
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2014, 03:24 AM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: 
 Yuri - Miami - 0413 765 573
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 26/03/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto ad - 0413 765 573 - uses different headings for each ad

Hours of Business : Not sure - was easy to book

Rates : 130/30 min FS

Age : 25

Size/shape : a little curvy in a feminine sexy way - not overweight

Nationality or Ethnicity : 1/2 Thai, 1/2 Jap

Services Provided : FS, RnT

Value for money/recommend? : yes / Yes

My experience/comments :
Being a glutton for punishment I decided I half felt like a bit on the way home (sex, not punishment) so it would be a good time to call in and see Yuri who had advertised in Locanto amongst other places. Her photos actually looked like they might be real so it was worth a try. Besides, I was in a mood where I wouldn't mind walking if she wasn't genuine. Booking was easy - sent a text, got a reply after about 15 minutes and arranged to meet after work at her motel in Miami.

The time arrives and up I go, fully expecting to half to walk but to my surprise she was actually young, attractive and had a very good attitude. The sort who wants to fuss and dry you off after your shower. Easy to talk to and very friendly and pleasant. Service was relaxed and unrushed. No DATY was the only downer for me. (No BBBJ either - I have been surprised by how many girls do provide it ).

Chatting afterwards she said she usually travels around and returns to the Gold Coast 2 or 3 times a year. She said she usually works out of Spring Hill - so I expressed my belief that all asians operating from there were controlled by pimps and generally middle aged and unattractive. She was surprised and said she and her friends operated there and her friends were also young and attractive. So they must be out there - just I have never found any!

Yuri will be Miami until about 6 April if anyone is interested.


