Thread Title: Yuri - Toowoomba - 0423 443 886
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th January 2012, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Yuri - Toowoomba - 0423 443 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Yuri

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit :   January 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Toowoomba Chronicle - advertises as japanese 0423443886

Hours of Business :    Unsure - seemed flexible.

Rates : 100 / 30 minutes

Age : Not sure, but she's no spring chicken

Size/shape : Not a very attractive japanese girl at all..... very skinny, A cup breasts...

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Japanese

Services Provided :   BBBJ, RIMMING, FS, GREEK, -- I'd say she'd be open to many things.....

Value for money/recommend? :   for $100 / 30 mins yes...

My experience/comments : Yuri is not at all attractive but had good reviews on other forums so I proceeded with my punt after she answered the door. 

The service proceeded with a massage and tongue bath... She likes to work her tongue all over your body.. She then got my on all fours and jerked me off while she had her tongue buried up my crack licking my asshole. She licked my sack and crack while jerking me off masterfully -- I've never had this done to me prior. I think this has been described as trumboning? Anyway - was a great sensation.

She then spun around and got me on my back from some 69. I licked her clit while she sucked my cock... She asked me to finger her "bum bum" and told me it was all clean... So i started to finger her extremely tight asshole...... I wondered how I would possibly get my cock in it....

After some time she sprang up got on all fours , put on the dom and some lube and told me to fuck her ass. She guided my cock in and encouraged me to fuck her faster , harder, deeper...... I slammed her ass and watched in the mirror next to the bed as I did ... it was hot seeing a little skinny jap girl on the end of my cock and her sphincter was wrapped so tightly around my cock I was struggling to keep my composure...... Some deep hard strokes and further encouragement from Yuri to pull out and cum in her mouth got me there in little time... I pulled out, teared off the dom and shot my load down her throat... she sucked and sucked while I was blowing and it was incredibly intense......

Clean up, shower, and left.... She even gave me some snacks on the way out!

VFM - would see her again for the anal and bbbj at the price....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2013, 06:10 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow, nice write up!
Old thread I know, but I'm new here and have much to catch up on!
Does she still advertise I wonder?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th January 2014, 01:13 PM
Poster ID: Rocco
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited this girl a few times when she was a regular to Rockhampton. Back then she used to rim like a champ too. I remember her asking me "pussy or bummy", I chose the arse first and she took a nice pounding in her butthole. Offered fruit or chocolate upon leaving which I thought was funny. Treat her well, she's a great value fuck.


