Thread Title: Yuri - Springwood - 0434 264 458
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2016, 09:41 PM
Poster ID: Luke_E
Post Title: 
 Yuri - Springwood - 0434 264 458
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Yuri

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 31/05/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?WARNING?19yo Asian Babe?Slim Busty Sexy?Top service guarantee??FULL Service - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com Ph 0434 264 458

Hours of Business: 24 hrs

Rates: $130 for 30 mins

Age: On BP: 19. Real age: mid-20s

Size/shape: C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: BJ, Shower, DATY, FS, Different positions

Value for money/recommend?: Yes - 90%

My experience/comments: Good service from this girl. The photos are real but they are dated and have been enhanced by Photoshop. Not sure if she also advertises on Locanto. I think she is just visiting from Japan for a few weeks and trying to make some money while she is here…if you know what I mean.

Her apartment was clean but a little messy as I think she was slightly stoned. She was happy to see me and was fun to be with during our encounter. A very energetic girl and she liked to talk dirty and try different positions, particularly doggy. She seemed to enjoy DATY during the session too.

Her smooth pussy looked great and she liked to watch my hard cock sliding in and out of her. Her tits are firm but small and she enjoyed the attention on her nipples. She really seemed to be right into the fucking part of the session…maybe because she was stoned.

The session finished in the standard missionary position with a huge cum that she also seemed to enjoy as I shot my load. Towards the end she kept telling me to hurry up because she was getting tired…lol She was in no hurry to get dressed and I was able to check out her body in more detail. She has a good shape and a cute ass!

I would probably visit her again if there were limited options. Although she was a good fuck and an energetic girl, I think you could do better as I was a bit disappointed by the half false ad on BP. I should have learnt this already by now. Cheers.


