Thread Title: Yuri - Annerley - 0413 130 878
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2012, 08:37 AM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: 
 Yuri - Annerley - 0413 130 878
				
Post Content: 
Horny as fark last night so I trolled the many fruits on offer on Cracker and decided upon this one...Private and discreet location,pretty Chinese young lady, ENSURE THAT YOU HAVE A VERY NAUGHTY TIME - Annerley | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Called up and spoke to a young sounding girl and got the details. I was deciding between a couple of different girls so had to call her back. Rang back to no answer so I text asking for a 9pm time slot. Got a reply from a different number with the address. So off I headed. The place is a small block of old units so I had to sms again to get the unit number. Knocked on the door and was greeted by a cute Chinese girl, but with jet black hair not as long as the girl in the pics. But her tits were much bigger and she was cute. Size 6-8. English not so good though, so when we were discussig the price it got a little confusing as 99% of what she said was in Chinese. I ended up payig $120 for 30 mins.

So clothes off and onto the bed. I had layed face down expecting a little massage first, but she rolled me over and started licking my entire body with these elegant little whisps of her tongue and lips. Great start! She started on one thigh then went up to my cock teasingly, then continued up the side of my torso to my neck then down the other side. I stopped her half way to enjoy her fabulous tits (man made but great) and then she continued. This time she got to the boys and her tongue went straight for the bit between my arse and sack. I was praying for some rimming action but she didn't, and licked my balls furiously before running her tongue up my now rock hard shaft. Nice!

Her hair and body smelt amazingly clean so DATY action was definitely on. Nice tasting pussy with NO hint of pong, but the whispy little asian hairs need to go IMHO. Brought her to a real or fake orgasm and then it was on with the rubber slipper for the reason I was there. Wow! This one goes off! Started at the edge of the bed with me standing easing my cock into her and after a bit I lifted her up to do the standing fuck like a seasoned porn star pro  She was loving this bit and started DFKissing me and biting my bottom lip. I layed her back down but his time on her stomach and fucked her from behind while grabbing her nice firm tits and she pulled me down to want to kiss more. This got me really going so I put in the big ones and gave her everything I had. Blowing my load and out of breath I started to slowly ease out when she all of a sudden spun around!

Dropping to her knees she ripped the condom off and started sucking the rest out of my cock! I love this chick right now!

Best $120 I've spent this year.

Getting dressed she started sorting through my clothes, laying them out for me to put on. Then she saw my glasses and cleaned them for me like a good little servant girl. I might see if she does house cleaning and get her around

I have no idea what her name is. But the unit was number 3. There is a sheet zip-tied to the security door, I guess no people in the KFC across the road can't see in when she opens the door.

Great VFM.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th July 2012, 09:48 AM
Poster ID: jilamint
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow, nice!

Practically feel like saying I wish I was there, but forget paying interstate punting prices thanks!  Gotta love Sydney!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th July 2012, 08:36 PM
Poster ID: naughtydog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Based on Hammered's reviews I took a look here, and found the experience more or less as he said.

However, there's some stuff I can fill in. 

For a start, the girl's name is Yuri. Or... at least she said it is. Also, she's not Chinese. She's Korean. I know what the ad says. But she's Korean.

I agree with the communication issues. There were a lot of things that were hard to understand. This doesn't sound like a huge issue.. fucking is fucking, what's to understand. But even the basics were kind of a pain to figure out. At least one thing I REALLY want to know what she was trying to say. I'll explain why at the end.

My experience overall wasn't as good as Hammered's, even though I took an hour of the young lady's time at a pretty decent $200. Oh, let me first of all say that the location should put some people off. The place is RIGHT across the road from a busy KFC. Sometimes won't be a problem, but I clearly went at the busiest time, and felt very exposed left standing on the door step for an age. The girl is cute, that part is true. And... she's just nice. She's a nice girl, with nice boobs and a cute face. Body is... ok. Nothing special, but not bad.

She expected me to have a shower, even though I just had. Which is totally fine. When she got to the blowjob part she sniffed at me, and then pulled a face and gave it more of a wipe with some wet ones. Now, bear in mind I'd just had TWO showers, both of which my junk had gotten a good cleaning. So I don't know what she was complaining about, but it certainly was NOT gross. Still, the oral was ok. I don't like head with a condom, it's pointless, but it's nice without. Yuri was enthusiastic, if not especially skilled. Nothing went particularly deep. No DATY, maybe she didn't understand what I was suggesting, or... who knows.

The fucking was generally good. There's nothing quite like the way asian chicks squat on your cock. I'm a big fan. The main problem was that she occasionally got phone calls or messages, and responded to them. While fucking. :| At one point I had her on her belly, fucking her from behind while she texted. Was just... kind of weird.

After a while I decided to just cum, because I found her generally a bit disinterested. Which is fair. She did do the "take off the condom and suck the cock" thing, which is a nice idea, but it's a bit sensitive. I thought there'd be a fair bit of hanging around, fondling, massage or whatever, as only half an hour had passed. But she quite obviously expected me to go, and smiled encouragingly when I started getting out of bed.

I'm pretty sure she was going out. That's what the messages and calls were all about. Friends finding out where she was, how long she'd be, etc. I'm pretty sure she was in a hurry to move on. And move on she did. The whole process took around 30 minutes, after I paid for an hour. 

As I left, she tried to tell me something. I don't know what. She signed something with her hand, then pointed at her butt. She may well have been giving me a price for anal. $50? I'd probably consider taking that up. Hard to find that in this city, and I AM a fan.

I do know that if I go again it won't be for an hour, that's for sure.


