Thread Title: Zapphire - Cairns - 0457 930 112
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th May 2013, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Zapphire - Cairns - 0457 930 112
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Zapphire

Establishment: private/hotel

Date of Visit: 19/5/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0457930112

Hours of Business: Not sure. Ask her

Rates: $250 hr. only hour bookings she said

Age: late 20's maybe 30

Size/shape: curvy. Size 12. Huge fake tits

Nationality or Ethnicity: Looked and sounded kinda Indian

Services Provided: Full Service. anal included, as well as kissing

Value for money/recommend?: To me no. But if you like anal and Indians with huge tits yes.

My experience/comments: as i was having a browse through the cairns post I see a new ad. Zapphire - high class sensual, slim DD. it grabs my attention and looks like she put a bit of money into her ad to make it look high class.

I phone her up to get told she is size 6, euro-Brazilian and is 250 for the hour. It frustrates me that she said she had a client in the room imagining if I was in his shoes but he might of told her to take the call. Anyway she said she would call when she is free and send me a photo.

A few photos begin to pop into my phone and they look like professional photo shoots of a gorgeous tanned skin Latina. She mentioned how classy and professional she was a few times saying things like my classy bed is waiting for you etc.

When I reach the door she grabs me and gives me a big tongue kiss. My first initial thought is she is not size 6. Not close to it either. But I am here now and am getting a tongue kiss so I hand over the money. Jump in the shower.

Out of the shower onto the bed she was very sensual and rubbed, licked my body. Massage my balls and ass she put the condom on to began a average cbj. As she climbs onto my cock in cowgirl she pulls out her huge fake tits and shoves them in my face. I squeeze lick and suck on the nipples for a long time which she enjoyed. She was passionate with lots of kissing, licking my ear which I was not a big fan of but she wouldn't stop that.

We change position into missionary and I decide to do a mission on her downstairs. It didn't look inviting but I went down and gave it a big lick before she quickly pulled me up to start the sex again.

Quickly I decided against missionary as she had wrapped her legs around my thighs giving me no room to thrust. Into doggy we go and after about 5 minutes of pumping. I slide out my cock and put it between her big ass checks rubbing it like a boobjob but between the ass. She said she liked anal on the phone so I didn't even ask or question if it was going to be extra but slowly and gently massaged my hard dick over her asshole. Inching myself in gently.

Once in she could handle it like a champ. I pounded away for a good 30 minutes in multiple positions amazed at her enthusiasm as she would moan and scream 'fuck my ass'. Her ass wasn't to tight and her pussy wasn't either but I almost blew my load a few times until I was was so exhausted and all the enthusiasm in the world was going to change the fact I was not really attracted to her.

I stopped pounding her ass and hoping she would say you can cum on my tits or something. She said let's have a shower we can finish in there. I motioned a hj single and said on you. She nodded.

In the shower I fingered her pussy and ass and wanked myself off for a few minutes, she started to rub my asshole and I was getting close I told her to get on her knees she obeyed me and I aimed my cock at her tits. And I shot my load on them. Even in the shower under the water you could tell how much she hated cum. Like it wasn't like I got her face but her reaction when I shot was like I'd got her in the eye.

She rinsed off, then I did. After I listened to her rattle on for about 15 minutes about her travels and study, the Indian in her accent became much more noticeable. As everything she said linked to growing up in Indian culture. Her hair was really long and thick and kinda greasy. Her face had acne scars. She may not of been Indian I didn't question her on it. But she didn't look or sound Brazilian.

Overall her photos she sent were fake. She wasn't a size 6 and didn't look Brazilian most likely Indian in my opinion. She had no fat on her but she was a big build with huge fake tits, really long, thick greasy hair. She said she was 23 on the phone but I doubt it although she might of been her skin on her face had acne scars which might of made her look older. She could take dick up the ass lick a champ, was passionate, enthusiastic and nice. Gave a good service, but hated cum. Wasn't my cup of tea.


