Thread Title: Zoe, Kelvin Lodge, Brisbane, QLD  0401 565 294
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2015, 07:42 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Zoe, Kelvin Lodge, Brisbane, QLD  0401 565 294
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoe

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 07/11/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 565 294  ///  http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_56...alls-only.html

Hours of Business : Enquire

Rates : $300 / 60 min

Age : 22

Size/shape : 10 / fit 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aust

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : If you Click / Yeah sure why not 

My experience/comments : Well I have seen this girls ad for a while now, her most recent add done it for me, young, nice figure, just something I liked about her most recent add compared to her others, the other thing I think is she works with a few other girls, maybe a agency thats illegal up here only with so many other girls advertising with the same basic words. Anyways gave her the address, organised a hour, she said maybe work out a good price for another hour if i was having fun.

Anyways turned up around the time we arranged, in a white mini dress that just covered her ass, nice all round shaped body on the girl, certainly pretty & really sexy body. Pay the dues, she asked if I had showered, i had so basically no chit chat straight to the bedroom, she stripes off & sure nice young body, just a bit of puppy fat that I love on younger girls, we lay onto the bed, light kissing but was pretty open with the touching & kissing of her other body parts. Was a joy rubbing my hands over her soft body, her tits are great as is her sweet pussy, spent some time givin her cunny a decent going over, nice & very wet in no time, tasted like sweet candy, a good 15 min on this before she motioned for some CBJ, now I am not a fan of covered cock sucking & this girl seemed to ram home why I dont like it, soft to semi soft approach just dont work with CBJ, really almost like you where not getting it done, it never helped that she never seemed to get into it either, seemed like she dont enjoy this aspect of sex, you can always tell these girls, a 10 min spell where she seemed to stop every other minute, pisses me off girls who cant suck cock for more then a minute, she climbs on top for some ok cowgirl, lasted about 3-4 min where she just seemed to of went through the motions, before flipping her on her back to go balls deep, she spread them pretty legs wide & high for me to pound away to the money shot, all done. She asked if I would like another hour for $200 I said no, then offered $150 I said no....So no lol. Not worth the cast, maybe if she was actually into it I would of, or BBBJ but yeah no thanks ticked this group of girls off the list.

Overall: Look pretty, great figure, tasty slit, all she had going for her, otherwise while nothing special her looks where worth it in a way. really love this sort of figures on girls, soft, young, radiant...shame the sex was mediocre though her cunny was a highlight. Would not recommend unless you wanted visual splendour over good sex. Sometimes all you require is a really pretty girl to fuck & its not about the fucking its about the girl.

Rating 2.5/5

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th November 2015, 08:57 AM
Poster ID: singlebound
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review I've clicked on adds with the same number listed for a Lacey and the photos always look pretty hot.  Sadly it's always outcall only so I've never bothered to inquire.

Now I know!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th November 2015, 09:13 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes I think there are 4 girls, Lacey, Zoe, some Librarian forget her name & A British girl,,,,I picked Zoe only for the last add, the body smokes for me in that add. Tempted to try another from the stable tonight, just to see if its all routine with the girls...let you know I suppose lol. But when I text I asked for Zoe & she was delivered so pretty sure its a generic phone number but need to ask for who you want.

I also get the outcall dilemma, when I quizzed Zoe last night about it, she said alot of clients want outcall hence she not really busy. She mentioned some nights she can only see 3 clients even though she wants more but its the travelling, I said why not get a motel some times, she said basically she will still only see 3 clients & saves on the cost of the motel. Fair point.

P4P


