Thread Title: ? - Bell St Preston - 0415 978 485
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2018, 10:23 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: 
 ? - Bell St Preston - 0415 978 485
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not sure, I did ask but got no response

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 27 June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ilD-Curvy.html  one of many ads and different phone numbers
Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $30 30 minutes plus for extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC.

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS. 

Value for money/recommend? : If you want a quick FS

Had to go to Preston during the week and with some free time checked Locanto and found an ad so booked in fully expecting very little, but why not.  I didn't have a name for this girl and she didn't speak much English

I booked in for 30 minutes and was greeted by a short very slim pretty Chinese girl.  The rate was $130, and I asked what about BBBJ she said $150 all up.  While getting undressed, she offered to do a double with her friend for another $50, and I agreed.  Her friend was very sexy, with lovely tits. 

It was on with the show with both girls working on me.  The second girl did a fantastic BBBJ while the other girl licked me and did a little bit of light DFK.  The 1st girl was a little strange.  She didn't like me touching her puss and she didn't want DATY.  I got them to swap and the second girl said, I love DATY so she stood over my head while I licked her out. ( I was lying on my back). The first girl started BBBJ but tried to use her hand, but she was very rough and I had to tell her to stop using her hand.  Her English was not very good.  They were happy when I spoke some Mandarin.

The 1st girl domed me up and away we went while I was still licking out the second girl, it was alot of fun.  I wanted to fuck the second girl, but the first one was keen to finish me off.  I ended up in mish while the second girl stuck her finger up my bum - it was a great feeling and I was rock hard while I fucked the 1st girl.

Overall for $200 and two girls, it was fun.  Not sure it was a normal price as it was 11am and they were not busy.  The 1st girl said she was off to Sydney tomorrow, so I am pretty sure they change girls often. 

They have a number of girls going in and out of this place, so names mean nothing.  Generally the girls are pretty good looking, although I have been here before and had an older women who allowed BBFS, but I declined.


