Thread Title: Abagail, private escort, contact via Twitter DM
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th July 2018, 01:13 AM
Poster ID: FreeWilly
Post Title: 
 Abagail, private escort, contact via Twitter DM
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abagail

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://twitter.com/Abagail_OhMY

Phone : 0400 452 343

Hours of Business : Open to negotiation

Rates : Packages ranging from $500 for 2 hours to longer, best you discuss with her depending on what you want in the booking.

Age : 40's

Size/shape : 6 slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Almost everything, no yellow or brown showers

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I'd had some luck recently.  I'd won some $$ on several punts - from the gg's to some cards falling my way at Crown, so I decided a punt would be in order.  I also had one of those free hotel room nights from one of my loyalty cards and it was a "use it or lose it" situation where I needed to use up the night by this month, so I checked into a hotel in the CBD for tonight.  It happens that this aligns with one of Abagail's conditions - she has a whole list of them, but all understandable.  One of the conditions was that she does outcall only (she's paranoid about the crackdown on SW and Vic laws stating incalls are illegal), so booking her to come to my hotel was one of these conditions.  As you read below, you will soon understand some of her other conditions.

Abagail uses a whole bunch of methods to pre-screen for dickheads and time wasters.  One of these that I unwittingly found out was that she frowns upon punters making enquiries to the point of clarifying her package deals, and then not following through with a booking.  Phew, glad I followed through after making enquiries over the weekend.  Another is how closely we pay attention to the spelling of her name, as in "Abagail" and not "Abigail", the former being the way she intentionally spelled it to distinguish herself and the latter being the common spelling of the name.  She prefers contact via her Twitter account rather than text, but she does not encourage a lot of back and forth chit-chat.  That explains why I was directed to her Twitter handle after initial contact.

Abagail also apparently has a lot of food allergies, so she prefers not getting any food from anyone, and especially chocolate - she's apparently allergic to sugar!  Depending on which package you book, she ends up carting a whole travel case of cheeses and crackers and wine with her when she arrives, as was the case with my booking.

If you take heed of all of these constraints - most of which I didn't even know were constraints and I must've been really lucky to have done the right thing by her - then the booking goes really, really well.

I had booked Abagail for one of her longer packages, if I recall correctly it was 4 hours with "tail" (that's her way of saying anal).  I'd gotten her name and contact via a mate of mine who'd seen her before.  During the lead up to the booking, we'd agreed for a 6:30pm booking and she'd said not to worry about the food and that she would be bringing stuff.  I was running a bit late after work and I texted her to say I would be running late and to make it 7pm, to which she seemed ok.  Anyway, I got to the hotel room just before 7pm and right on 7pm got a text to say she was in the lobby, so I headed back downstairs to greet her.

Having gotten a description of what she was wearing, I found her easily enough.  Mind you, if you were looking for a red carpet, footballer's WAG type look, then you missed it.  Abagail looked more like an accountant coming to audit my books and no one in the lobby would have picked her for an escort.  She later explained that this was one of the "old school" techniques to ensure you were never picked out as an escort visiting a hotel.  For someone who purports to be in her 40's, Abagail's stature would make most 20-somethings envious.

Anyway, once we got to the room, and the $$ were handed over, Abagail proceeded to unpack her travel case of food and wine - it was a smorgasbord that was a picnic basket for those with sophisticated epicurean interests.  Once we got comfortable, and had consumed enough cheese and crackers and wine, I was asked to hop into the shower, which I did keenly.  As I emerged and towelled myself off, Abagail was undressing herself and as she pulled her jeans down and bent over, I noticed a butt plug underneath her lacy panties.  I commented on that, and she said "well, you wanted kitty cat tail, didn't you?  I needed to prep myself, didn't I?".  2 things to note here - 1) Abagail has a lot of the persona of a cat and I think actually thinks of herself as a cat, and 2) she is honestly the first girl I've ever seen (outside of porn videos) who would have traveled all the way from wherever she was to the booking with a butt plug stuck up her arse.  I later learn that Abagail is that fastidious in cleanliness for the bookings that she actually stops eating the day before the booking and spends a couple of hours cleaning her back passage to ensure there is no mess from her during any anal intercourse.

Anyway, we get onto the bed and she proceeds to lick me sensually all over.  In every sense of the word, it's a cat bath.  Just as she gets down to my dick, she magically produces a baby wipe to clean it thoroughly, and then proceeds to give me a BBBJ with gusto.  From that point onwards, it was an almost psychedelic montage of 69, DATY, sex in multiple positions that culminated in me being asked if I was going to fuck her arse, and I had no choice but to oblige.  It was a rather strange feeling - it appeared like a frantic blur but at the same time it was in slow motion.  The closest thing I could imagine the feeling I had was like people describing that moment before death when their whole life flashes before their eyes but everything was spinning in slow motion.  Only thing is I was nowhere near dying.  Mind you, if I did, it'd be by natural causes - headline would simply say "old fucker died in hotel room".

A break.  More nibbles, more wine.  A word of warning for potential punters - Abagail loves to talk.  She talks about anything and everything.  But at the same time, she seems to also time the sessions well because just when I was going to change the topic, she reached over to see if Little Willy would wake up again, and he was responsive.  So, a repeat of the first session without the shower prior, but with the requisite baby wipes cleanup first.  I even cracked a joke during the session about her being a cat and yet we were doing doggy.  I don't think she thought that was funny, but at least she didn't turn around to slap me ... lol.

Abagail asked me if I had it in me for a 3rd round and I waved the white flag, or in my case it was my limp dick.  I said no, thank you.  Those of you younger studs may very well keep going, but I was done for the night.  Surprisingly, Abagail didn't do the usual Jekyll & Hyde transformation that some privates do and suddenly be in a rush to piss off.  She sat back down for us to finish off the wine and nibble, took her time to pack her things up, and was a good 40 minutes after we'd finished the 2nd session before she was dressed and ready to leave.  She looked exactly the way she did when she first arrived, which matches what she said earlier about not raising suspicions.  And to be honest, she really did "audit" me.

One word of warning I have to share with fellow punters to avoid arguments.  During the pre-screening, Abagail was very particular about ethnicity.  Abagail has a "caucasian only" policy.  I didn't pry, but I gathered from some of the conversation snippets that prior bad experiences with different ethnic backgrounds caused her to adopt this policy.  Some might think this as racial profiling or being racist, but having spent time with her, I strongly doubt it has any basis in malice or hatred.  Look, we all have baggage of some sort, hers may just be something to do with non-caucasians.

I know this review sounds very much like a "don't do this, don't do that, watch your step here, landmine there" sort of situation.  But to be honest, a lot of it, I wasn't even aware of and just pure common sense tends to help you avoid most of her warning filters.  If you happen to get through all that easily enough like I did, then you are rewarded with an extremely enjoyable experience with a most interesting lady.  And as evidence of Abagail not being a clock watcher, the booking started at 7pm for a 4 hour package, and I started writing this review after I showered and recovered from the sessions (about 20 minutes), so she probably left just after midnight.


