Thread Title: Abby - Little Bourke St CBD - 0402 359 263
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th October 2018, 09:35 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Abby - Little Bourke St CBD - 0402 359 263
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ad said Abby, she said Amy when I got there. (Her English was very poor)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 31/8/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Little Bourke Street CBD

Phone :0402359263

Hours of Business : 24 hr

Rates : Full service 20mins for $70, 30mins for $100, 45mins for $120, 1 hr for $150
Massage + hand job / blow job: $70 / 30 mins, natural blow job only $50 /15 mins

Age : About 40

Size/shape : Short with a sexy body and large natural melons.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian PRC

Services Provided : As above, I went for the $70 20 minute service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, sexy friendly lady great service.

Anybody who visits these girls at Lt Bourke will be aware, it can be hit and miss with what you are going to get as far as the standard and service of the girls is concerned.
But there are plenty of them in here and most advertise on Skokka.
I have been here several times now and have been very lucky indeed, and being so close to my work is a big bonus, I can duck around the corner at lunchtime for a quick fuck and get back to work all done in 30 minutes.
It can be a bit daunting waiting on the couch in the lobby with the other punters all waiting to be sent a text directing them to the appropriate room. To bypass this shit I text at least 2 of the numbers when I am ready, ask if I can come over now. 
As soon as I get a reply I start walking, just before I get to the hotel I text and tell them I am in the lobby, wait just outside the hotel, get the text directing me to the room and go into the hotel, directly to the lift and go up to the room.
The girl answered the door, said her name was Amy. 
She was maybe 40 or a bit more, but she was very attractive, short, with a fantastic body and lovely natural D+ tits. 
She was also very friendly although her English was almost non-existent.
Paid her the $70 explained as per my text, quick fuck and off I go, she eventually understood, stripped off, and that’s when I saw how good her body and tits were. 
I was happy.
We were both naked standing beside the bed, I grabbed her and started playing with and sucking those fantastic tits and she responded by playing with the old fella. We did this until I could wait no longer. Told her to dom me up, she got down on her knees and gave me a magnificent BBBJ until I nearly came in her mouth. I got her to dom me up, turned her around and fucked her doggy style with her leaning over the side of the bed. I shot my load, withdrew and she cleaned me up.
I asked her how long she was there for as I was keen for seconds. She responded by indicating 2 months. I told her I want to come back and see her not the other girls. She said she would be in that room for 2months, then she gave me her direct phone number, by-passing the pimp and obviously getting a bit of private business.
It was not easy communicating with her but as with most of these WLs she was pretty savvy as far as knowing what I was after and overall it was a fantastic quick session with a very sexy friendly lady with magnificent tits, just had to mention those again. 
I have just returned from overseas and next week I will try her private number she gave me to see if she is till there or has been rotated, as is the usual practice in here.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th October 2018, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I remember visiting a year ago.  Seems they only had a couple of rooms, now it seems they have taken over the bloody hotel.Business must be soaring. The management here, not suspicious?  Just happy to have there rooms filled?  Any room for tourists lol?  Visiting here may be just too risky now.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th October 2018, 06:54 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


I remember visiting a year ago.  Seems they only had a couple of rooms, now it seems they have taken over the bloody hotel.Business must be soaring. The management here, not suspicious?  Just happy to have there rooms filled?  Any room for tourists lol?  Visiting here may be just too risky now
"""



Yes brauny, skokka is now full of ads from girls working out of here. The management could not give a rats toss as you walk in and out, dont even look at you. And I see plenty of genuine tourists staying there as I cum and go.


