Thread Title: Abby- CBD - 0423 921 280
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2018, 08:58 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Abby- CBD - 0423 921 280
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abby 

Establishment : Prvt Appartment

Date of Visit : March'18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortwiz.com/australia-...h-22_105042057

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250 / hour - $200 45min

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC?

Services Provided : FS /BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Unsure

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So felt the need to try something after Albee has gone on vacation and came across this add on BP (lost the link but the one provided is the same ad). 
Both girls look decent and for some very weird reason, I had the urge to book Abby despite the other girl looked a bit more hotter. (NOTE: The other girl did look damn fine in real person). 

Usual story. Door opens and Abby was standing there. Now for some reason, she looked very familiar. 
She directed me to the shower, and then gave me the 'I seen you somewhere look'. In the shower I go and then it hit me!
It was Sugar: https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f67/s...7-359-a-53601/ 
I was now cursing myself! Can't believe i booked her again. Oh well.....

Got into the room, the good thing was the bad breath was no longer there. But unfortunately her pussy was still loose 
Started chatting and confirm that yes we seen each other before. The thing was, she was very in to it and let's just say things got rather wild.
We went for all sorts of positions, CG, mish, sideways, doggy, reverse doggy, etc...and due to her loose pussy, i weren't able to get over the line. So ended up both getting very tired and lying there on the bed.
She started this amazing HJ and i finally exploded like I never did before! So it actually ended up a very interesting session and great value too. Time wise, i knew she was not a clock watcher at all but it did ended right on time.
She didn't offer a second round like last time but she did ask for my wechat. I didn't have one and she looked sort of disappointed. 

Around this time another punter rocked up to see the other girl, and like I said she was pretty fine. Tempted to book her next time 

Not sure if I would try Abby in the future because I'm not a fan of the loose pussy but at least her breath is much better this time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th March 2018, 07:44 PM
Poster ID: 85spender
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What do you mean “ Quite Wild “ ?

Please explain.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th March 2018, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just meant a lot of positions and she didn't tired out or lack any effort like most awl


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th March 2018, 01:42 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple

Establishment : Pvt App.

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????100% REAL Photos and Video! ??Double Play?No bait and switch???? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au 

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250 p/h

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Slim / Pettit

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK

Services Provided : FS/CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


So after my previous visit here, I thought I would give it another go with the "hot" girl I saw which was named Ashley in the BP add at the time. Looking at their latest ad, it has now changed to Linda.
Pretty sure it was the same girl. Usual crap to setup the meet and I ended up getting to the appointment by a good 15mins early. Got an sms back to confirm after 8min wait. 
Why this was important? well, when i got there another punter was just walking out the door *eek*.....so I waited a bit before knocking. Walked in and were shown into the room (where Abby worked prev.) by an attractive girl but it was not Ashley  Still she was pretty enough to warrant proceeding with the booking. There was a girl in the shower and I summised that Ashley just finished her booking as I was approaching. So the mamasan must have
did a last min bait and switch due to me getting in early..At least I was not switched onto Abby again. 

So, a bit of chit chat and then follow by shower offer. But as it was still in use, she just started taking her clothes off, so i took the hint as it was not on offer. The action started with the usual catbath, and even licking of your ears.
Then it was onto (sadly) CBJ. Her BJ skills were pretty good though and a few times she even went in deep. The other positive was that she did not do a half ass job and gave it plenty of attention. She also had a very good attitude throughout the session, and it turns out that she was standing in for Abby for the day since Abby was ill. She doesn't usually work here but she did give me her number after the session in case I wanted to book her. She works out in the south, so out of my way. 

The main action was pretty good and similar to Abby (maybe they had lessons from the same teacher? LOL) there were lots of varying positions and were keen to please. 
We went through CG, Rev.CG, Mish, sideways then CG, before finally getting over the line. Body wise, good size rack but a very small butt. Attitude was good and she was okay to take instructions. 
Unlike Abby, she had a good tight pussy and no hint of bad breath  Session duration went for a total of 40min in 45min booking so no massge was on offer, but we had to wait for another punter
to finish his shower. Looks like the Ashley took a 30min booking while I was in the room with Apple. Once he was done, I took my shower and then finally walked out the door. 

The bad part? 
- As I walked to the leave, the other punter was let out as well. I'm thinking didn't he had the shower before me? How the how he got out so late. So I had to endure an extended 'walk' of shame in the same lift as another dude. 
- The shower was actually in a bad state in terms of available soap/wash. Even Apple (she came in shower but i think bailed on washing together last min :P) commented how crappy this was. So you got to share a bar of soap the size of a fifty cent piece (well maybe two fifty cent piece) that  have seen better days. 

Will I come back? Still keen on Linda/Ashley to close off my bucket list there.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th April 2018, 10:29 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe / Zoe

Establishment : Pvt App

Date of Visit : April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  ????100% REAL Photos and Video! ??Double Play?No bait and switch???? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au 

Hours of Business : 11am - late

Rates : $200 for 45mins

Age : 26 - 30

Size/shape : Slim petite & Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : CBJ / FS

Value for money/recommend? : HELL NO / RUN FOR THE HILLS

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So today while browsing BP I noticed that Abby/Sugar has moved on to a different area Boxhill - [ ]404 - File not found
And I quickly checked out this particular CBD ad and sure enough both Abby and Ashley images have been replaced by Chloe / Zoe. I was pissed that I missed out on Ashley. 

The other girl working with Abby looked pretty good as well but it would have been too far out for me to go out there. Now in hindsight, I wonder if the Boxhill mob stole Abby's photos.

Long story short, I ended up booking Chloe, because I was close by and well, I assumed that they were the real images. Made the booking although mamasan/papasan took longer than usual to confirm. Usual deal and I arrived exactly on the agreed time for the usual $200 - 45min. This is where it went south. Asked to wait a few mins. About 8mins later I asked what's the hold up? Got a reply back a few mins later saying need 10 more minutes and a discount! I was like okay, I give you this last 10mins before I walk. 10mins were up, and I gave them 3 more. Nothing. I sent him a text saying I have to go, as I must have waited a total of almost 25minutes. He asked me to wait! I kept walking and then he said, double for $200 which ain't bad. SLIDING DOOR MOMENT. This is where once again, if it is too good to be true it is. I wanted to still walk, but then another text saying ready to go.

So, I said why not. Both girls were hot in the pics he sent me.

Got up and hid behind door technique. Door closed and the big reveal became a big disappointment. 2x Average girls NOT as per image.
One short / slim / tanned with brown hair small tits passable looks. The other was pale, typical PRC but better looking than the other. It was her friendly attitude and nice looks that I decided to stay.

Took the shower, they even suggested I could go without, but I thought I be nice since I sweat a bit during the day.

Got out and they were both naked. The taller girl, had really saggy tits (((( It as super turn off. So started with lying on the bed, and straight away, it was on with the dom. Ms PRC suggested if I wanted BBBJ but needed $50+. I'm like no thanks. She kept trying throughout the session to up sell. So onto sucking MS slim while Ms PRC moaned and kissed my neck. Then Ms slim hopped on for CG for a few mins before both switching to mish. Then switched girl and dom to Ms PRC - she said she wanted to be fucked. it was mish with her for some bit, and it was okay. Then I stopped to rest a bit and she said HJ? I'm like already? Oh fuck it i thought. Ms Slim looked like she didn't want to be there, and Ms PRC's saggy tits was a turn off, so i said why not. So, I was fondling Ms Slim's tits, while Ms PRC did a nice HJ but it progressively became jack hammer where I had to stopped her due to it getting real painful. By then the alarm/sms sound beeped twice already. And Ms Slim said shower? I'm like already?? I said Let me come by myself, so they kissed my while I tried to unload via DIY. Phone buzzed a couple more time and I knew this weren't going to happened now with all the hurry up tactics. They asked me to shower again, and I decided to GTFO. Hopped in and quickly rinsed off. Did a time check and only 20mins has passed in what was supposed to be a 45min booking. So the alarm was set to 15min.

Including the shower, 20mins tops. Walked out pretty pissed and complained back to the papasan who just said sorry.



So this place / number is on my black list. This has gone down as one of the worst I have had to date EVER. Poor service, blue balls, bait and switched, short changed by 30mins and close to 30min wait.

At least it put my schedule back on track for the night.


Unsure if I can put down the exact location in here. But happy to share if you message me.


