Thread Title: Akira - Melbourne CBD - 0452 184 936
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th February 2018, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: 
 Akira - Melbourne CBD - 0452 184 936
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Akira

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :  10/2/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0452184936 / ???????????????????????Akira Tokyo, Japan Geisha-Like 2x BUSTY PAIR of DD Cups, Size 8 Body - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 9am - Late

Rates : $150 / 30 mins + $50 natural

Age :  Late 20's

Size/shape : 8 / Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese / Singapore 

Services Provided : FS / DATY / DFK / BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes / Yes Highly

My experience/comments :

"Kiss Me ...", her advertisement reads and kiss me she did, pretty well from the time I entered to the time I left 
Woke up mid Sat morning left horny and frustrated by the previous night's failed adventures.
Tried a couple of options, but none were going to happen so began scouting the back pages.
To be honest was just looking for the quickest cheapest option such was my state, but was mesmerized by Akira's boobs even though I knew they were unlikely to be real lol.
A quick ping indicated she was free at the moment in a common serviced apartment in the north part of the CBD.
We also discussed briefly the fact the extras were on the high side especially if the advertisement was fake photos (I did try a google search on them btw and got no hits, not that this means much these days but what else can ya do).
She responded with a selfie of who I would be greeted by which was enough to warrant continuing on lol.
Parked easily enough, received appt details and buzzed in.
Knocked on the door and was let in, with Akira hidden until I was fully inside with me apprehensively awaiting the big reveal.
Sometimes this ends up being the best and most exciting part of the punt, waiting to see who is on the other side of the door 
Not on this occasion though, Akira was exactly as per the selfie sent earlier and greeted me with a huge hug and DFK in the hallway, a good sign of things to come.
Transactions completed, Akira asked if I wanted to shower however I just had one before leaving home so was all good.
The DFK resumed and I lifted her over, kissing all the way onto the nearby bed.
I hungrily kissed her fully clothed bod all over eventually parting her panties for a little entree of daty.
Fake or real I didn't care, her little gasps and moans were doing it for me ha ha.
Entree completed, we eagerly stripped with Akira assuming top position grinding her pussy lips onto my now hard as rock cock as the DFK marathon continued.
Stopping for breath simply resulted in her slithering down my body to replace my tongue with cock 'n balls.
Everything got a lashing followed by sucking and slurps.  I nearly lost it several times and whilst not sure if CIM was even on the menu would probably have been happy to let it end there and then, but somehow I brought it back from the brink and asked her to swing herself around into 69 so I could finish the meal I started on arrival 
Time was ticking on at this stage of what was supposed to only be a halfa session and I wanted to feel what that grinding felt like for real, so back it was the original position with Akira on top, mouths and tongues joined again in DFK but this time with my bursting cock thrust deep inside her.
A mixture of grinding and slapping with Akira mostly controlling ferocity and tempo soon saw me reaching the brink.
I did have plans to blow all over those beautiful, but that wasn't going to happen at this stage, I was beyond brink of railing things back in.
A mutual increase in grinding and tempo on both our parts saw me finish with one of the most satisfying orgasms I've had for a while.  Not sure if Akira managed to catch me up, but she was in her own intense world for a while after I'd finished, eventually collapsing on top of me where we just lay holding each other silent for minutes.
A quick cleanup, cuddle, chat and kiss before I had to make the effort to leave as there were no signs of rushing on Akira's part. 
Well, that's the way backpage should always be (if only).
Wouldn't hesitate in returning or recommending.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th February 2018, 02:49 PM
Poster ID: Koloman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Akira

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2018 - weekday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452184936 / ???????????????????????Akira Tokyo, Japan Geisha-Like 2x BUSTY PAIR of DD Cups, Size 8 Body - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Till late on weekdays (she told me)

Rates : $150 / 30 mins

Age : Late 20's / Early 30's

Size/shape : 8 / Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : FS, DFK, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I made an appointment with Akira based on Monsa's review. Appointment was made by text with no fuss with a couple of hours' notice. Access to get in to serviced apartment no problem. 

Akira is a nice looking girl with large boobs by Asian standards. However I don't believe she is the same girl as the photos in her advert - mainly because her boobs in real life are not as large as the photos.

Upon walking into the apartment, all was nice and friendly. Immediately was offered a shower, which I accepted. When finished she was waiting in the bedroom completely naked. She got up and we DFK'd standing up for a while, basically until I got hard. Then on to the bed for a bit more DFK and some cat bath, before she slipped on the dom for CBJ - which was pretty good. When I felt I was getting close to the line, I stopped her and was ready to penetrate her. She asked me what position I preferred, I indicated doggy. She happily turned around and away we went. It was great to do this whilst looking in the mirror on the side. We went at it for a while until I finished - didn't change position because I was enjoying it so much. She seemed to enjoy it too.

Quick shower and away I went, quite satisfied. Akira was good fun and a good root and I would return. The only thing that I didn't like, was that she was constantly giggling and talked in a baby voice. I found that a little off putting, but not a biggy.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th February 2018, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good stuff Koloman.  Glad to hear it wasn't a one off performance.   Agree is probably not the actual girl on the photos, but her attitude made up for that difference.   Was planning to go back for a repeat yesterday myself but life got in the way.  Will return shortly though


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th February 2018, 10:13 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by monsa


Good stuff Koloman.  Glad to hear it wasn't a one off performance.   Agree is probably not the actual girl on the photos, but her attitude made up for that difference.   Was planning to go back for a repeat yesterday myself but life got in the way.  Will return shortly thoug
"""
 


Can you please put in some line breaks in your review, very hard to read on a PC


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th February 2018, 07:50 AM
Poster ID: 6uldv8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your great reviews. Can you estimate how big her boobs were. Were they definitely natural? Would you describe her as busty petite?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th February 2018, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Double D's and definitely natural. Very similar to the girl in pics size wise, slightly smaller tits but not by much. About an 8, so wouldn't class as petite as that would be 6 or under for me.


