Thread Title: Ally - Hawthorn - 0473 082 521
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th February 2016, 02:02 PM
Poster ID: fratal1803
Post Title: 
 Ally - Hawthorn - 0473 082 521
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Ally

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 12/01/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0473082521 / Apartment in Eastern Surburbs VIC / http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_6...-discreet.html

Hours of Business: Call no set hours

Rates:$150

Age:Mature

Size/shape:Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: 30min - FS/BBJ with CIM

Value for money/recommend?: OK for a quick fix

My experience/comments:

Called Ally and set up an appointment which was simple enough.  Called upon arrival so Ally came and met me downstairs.

Up to her apartment and she asked what I would like, I was only after some quick relief so settled for 30min FS/BJ.  She proceed to undress and started going to work.  Commenced with BJ and I must state that Ally offered BBJ with CIM. Let her do her thing and after about 15-20 min I succumbed and CIM.  She then asked if I would like to complete the time left with a relaxing massage.  I politely declined and left.

Overall it was an ok experience and got out of it what was needed.

Fratal.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th February 2016, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Are the pics here her?  What is her face like?, as the body looks great.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th February 2016, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: fratal1803
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The pictures are her but she certainly looks better in the pics than in real life.  Without being too disrespectful, her looks are on the average side.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th March 2016, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: Hnhh123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I notice the ad has been removed, do you know if she's still in business?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th November 2016, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: Melchior
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ally

Establishment : Private - South Melbourne

Date of Visit : July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : XXX erotic services XXX - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com

Also advertises under "Ally 777" in Locanto. Photos are real. Real-life is a different matter.

Hours of Business : Call with more than a day's notice.

Rates : $100/150/200 for 30/45/60 min ($150 paid, left at 30 but she is not a clock-watcher).

Age : 32 but more early 40s

Size/shape : 5ft 6" size 10-12, A-B

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage CBJ DFK FS

Value for money/recommend? : Unless you have thrill issues, no.

My experience/comments : 

TL : DR Photos are real, but you have to be real game.

A Caucasian privateer at these rates with real photos? It was worth investigating as I sent a message as provided in her (now deleted) Locanto details. Phone number has not changed and I've added current links via BP.

Once I got the time booked as well as the address to a large block of apartments, I was told to buzz her when I was downstairs . There is nothing discreet about this place at all and when I received the address, I knew it would be interesting since this building is quite... prominent.

Her flat is tiny and she is the sole occupant. It's definitely her but she seems to have had a rough hand in life. It reeked of smoke but she tried to mask her room with scented oils. She did present well however. After we undressed, she laid a clean sheet down for an OK massage before starting quite a good CBJ.

Then there was a buzz over the building's intercom as she answered and let the next punter in from downstairs. She did not greet this punter when he arrived and left the door unlocked, just directed him into the small lounge area next door. Not a fan of this with the punter unsighted in the next room completely unvetted.

The photos of her are real but it soon comes to a point of realisation on why her poses are of her stretching and no clear headshots. When she's relaxed, the age shows.

She was on top for a while, a firm fit as we DFK'd (ashtray) before swapping out for mish. The moment was broken when you could hear the other guy pacing the room through the thin walls.

Decided to go for the guaranteed finish with doggy as I just wanted to leave at the end. Some small talk was traded and she did appreciate a well-mannered punter. That's not saying much, but understandable considering where she was.

Dressed and just bailed, through the throng of residents now returning back or hanging around downstairs. You may have read other reviews and it looks like I got a relatively good experience but this punt was just a whole bunch of "nope nope nope" in the end.


