Thread Title: Amanda - Melb CBD 0470 017 945
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd September 2015, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: hottscout
Post Title: 
 Amanda - Melb CBD 0470 017 945
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amanda

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : SEptember 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...t-Dream-C.html  mobile: 0470 017 945

Hours of Business : ??

Rates : $250/Hr

Age : 23

Size/shape : Slim, bot on tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES- I will return

My experience/comments : (So, I've decided to jump back on the horse after taking a short hiatus, went to a RnT that I like, only to find my girl is there, but she can't do massage due to some "office politics" arising that evening, at a loss, but really keen on some action, I turned to old mate locanto. Had a few ads saved, so went through them and liked the look of Amanda, and sent a text her, or more likely her mamasan. She was available, so made the booking for about an hour later.

Got to the cbd just on time, and was given the room number, up I went, and caught my first look at Amanda, taller than I expected, but definitely the girl in the photos, and she is do-able for sure. Shower, she joins me, and off to bed. She is a bit mechanical, and she wasn't keen of DFK, only very light kissing. She gives a good wet blow job, not very deep, but she does take some of the shaft in, which makes all the difference - I hate those alleged BJ's where just the head is being sucked, while a HJ is taking care of the rest - that is not a BJ imho.
Amanda very nearly got me to cum with her BJ, so she is good at it, and seems to enjoy sucking cock. Condom on, and she mounts me, she was already quite wet down south, but she still applied heaps of lube, so the first few minutes were not very stimulating, but eventually the "friction factor" increased, and the sex was great. So from CG, to mish, and then doggie. Doggie and mish is where she felt really tight, and I was allowed to pound hard and deep, and got lots of encouragement from her. 

I could see after a while of being pounded she needed a break, so I offered and she accepted, she cleaned me up, and proceeded with another BJ. Amanda has the light touch with her tongue, so when she went further south to lick my balls, I was in total ecstasy, love it. A few more gulps of my cock, and then she mounted me again for a some fucking, before I flipped her over, and fucked her in mish until I could feel myself reaching the climax, blew the load an her flat tummy and her bolt on boobs, with her stroking my cock with one hand, and rubbing the cum over herself with the other.

All in all a great night, and I will see Amanda again, perhaps even try for the double with one of the other girls in this stable.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd September 2015, 08:56 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto girls are winning the battle slowly, they may put bricks and mortar shops out of business one day


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th September 2015, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: hottscout
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


Locanto girls are winning the battle slowly, they may put bricks and mortar shops out of business one da
"""



Yeah, and this stable has brought the price down too, before they came along, it's been a while since one could get a good looker for under $300-$350 minimum. Nice to get privates who deliver, charging $250


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th September 2015, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What do you mean by this stable?  Are they all on the same phone number?


