Thread Title: Amber - Melbourne outcall - locanto ad
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th January 2015, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: CatKnackers
Post Title: 
 Amber - Melbourne outcall - locanto ad
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amber

Establishment : outcall

Date of Visit : 16/01/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/ID...-Mistress.html *prefers email
Hours of Business : flexible - see ad

Rates : $300/60

Age : 25

Size/shape : 5'1", 50-55kg, c-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : massage / hj / cbj / fs

Value for money/recommend? : Not really a stunner, I'd try cuter for less next time 

My experience/comments : 
Couldn't sleep last night, so I sifted through the ads in the Loca and came across a few that were new and looked interesting. Sent out about 5 feelers before I got a response. Amy contacted me back saying she could be here in about an hour, and was asking $300/60 negotiable. The picture and the stats sounded good, so I responded with OK to the $300 if she'd extend the time a bit, and she agreed. Said she would be here at 11 pm, then text at 11 to say she was still 20 minutes out. I appreciated the heads up, so it didn't bother me too much when she got here at 11:30. Very nice young lady, stats were close to what was advertised, but the picture showed a tighter figure. No matter, I wasn't going to kick her out! We chatted for awhile, and turns out she has studied massage therapy too, and gives a nice massage also. Very friendly, and determined to make it a good GFE session. DFK, lots of tongue, pop as many times as you like, and wants to know what trips your trigger so she can make sure she ticks the boxes. She left around 1 am after a shower and kiss good night. And I, of course, slept like a baby!

I'm headed headed to Asia for awhile, and plan to review some punting up north...

Happy punting!

CK


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th January 2015, 06:04 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Locanto ad (won't worry about the pix),





			
				I am a fun and adventurous thrill-seeker, while maintaining a well-grounded demeanor. In the company of someone special, I crave intensity, excitement and new experiences.

Would you love a crazy night of fun that we can both look back on and smile? I enjoy indulging individual desires, and I particularly value the company of a gentleman who will want the night to end on a special note.

I am a experienced girl, I have learned much about connecting with my company and taking our experience to the next level. I have a refreshingly natural, open and honest personality, whilst being a tad cheeky. If the situation calls for it, I can be very .......!

I stand at a cute and petite 5'1" foot tall. I have warm caramel hair that curls down to my smooth curvy hips. I am a size 8 with a delicious perfect C cup and silky fair skin. My turquoise eyes will be sure to transfix you, and my lips are pouty, full, and ready to play!

Please request my company via email. I prefer booking to be somewhat in advance so I may prepare to make the night perfect for you! Please include your preferred name, location, time and duration, as well as any specific requests.

I am available to females as well as couples hoping to explore another side. I also enjoy the fetish world and have experience as a dominatrix.

Outcalls only please


xx Amber


