Thread Title: Amber - CBD - 0450 358 941
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Amber - CBD - 0450 358 941
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amber

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?HOT body? _+_?Great TITS? _+_ ?Sweet SMILE? _+_ ?YOUNG n TIGHT? _=_PERFECT ?~Y 0450358941 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au of phone 0450 358 941

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $150/30 - FS

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim, nice tits, shaven

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC -- she claimed Taiwan

Services Provided : DATY, CBJ, FS. BBBJ + $50 which I declined

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe. We had an unfortunate accident which soured things

My experience/comments : 

The ad as linked above is different to the one I saw on my phone earlier this week. Same phone number, broadly same templated text, but photos are different. My ad said the name was Cathy, and the photos were different (and from what I could tell, accurate for Cathy who later called herself Amber. I've no idea who Sophie is, or if she is the girl in the photos). Easy enough to make a booking via text. Texts came from the same phone number, so less likely to be a bait and switch. Rocked up to the apartment to be met by the sound of clickity clack high heels and the door opened. I was let in, and a very agreeable looking woman was behind the door. Near enough to the photos that I'd not call it a bait and switch. Next test: does she use a translation app? No, she doesn't, can speak reasonably good English. Second test passed.

We sort out the financials, she undresses me as I undress her. Nice bod, some LFK available, and she lays down on the bed and I go to town on the DATY. She has a perfumed and shaven snatch, which is very nice to eat out. A lot of writhing and moaning which struck me as fake; she then goes really quiet and still for a minute or so as I nibble on her clip, then give it a tongue lashing, and POW she squirts.

We swap positions, she applies a dom and starts with an OK to good CBJ. She then decides it's time to fuck, and goes for the lube. Now she slathered it on the condom. Most times there's been a bit of lube, and then it's enough to smear it, but this was like she had shares in the lube company. She hops on and frankly the whole experience is so well, wet and goopy that I cannot feel a thing. After a bit of this, we switch to mish, then to doggy, and I can feel myself going soft as I can't feel anything. After a bit though I get more sensitive, and I'm really enjoying myself -- feels fucking awesome. We are banging away and I figure that finishing off with her riding me would be excellent, so I pull out and -- where the fuck is the condom??? I alert her to the problem, she freaks out and fishes around inside her pussy and pulls out the condom.

Fuck.

That finished me off. She's starts getting worked up, but politely so, and then goes for her phone. Busy pulling up images of recent STD test results (all clear); I can only assume they are for her. She did have the decency to acknowledge it was an accident, and not me stealthing her, which I did appreciate.

The session pretty much ended there; I left with blue balls but that was the last thing on my mind. I've subsequently had tests done and am all clear which is good. But jeez, dodged a bullet there...

I'd have rated it a top notch session if not for what happened...

Dean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 08:27 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods -- can't update the thread title but I made a typo. Phone number in title should read: 0450 358 941.

Thanks,
Dean


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
At the rate of reviews out of the cbd, i reckon soon enough, private cbd sessions will outnumber metro rnt reviews


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th August 2017, 11:49 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Dean, happened to me once when I was living in Singapore.  

I was with a Koren girl and we were doing doggie, and it felt so good, so I kept going till I finished.  When I pulled out, the condom had ripped and I was doing it bareback.  

The girl really flipped, and ran to get some morning after pills out of her bag.


