Thread Title: Amelia Sweet - Melbourne - 0455 881 747
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2016, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: smillion222
Post Title: 
 Amelia Sweet - Melbourne - 0455 881 747
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amelia Sweet

Establishment : Outcall to Hotel Grand Chancellor 

Date of Visit : 31/05/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ameliasweetandsexy@gmail.com Ph: 0455 881 747 (SMS only) Home

Hours of Business : Available all week

Rates : $600 an hour 

Age : looks to be in her mid 20s but is probably close to late 20s because of her Asian heritage

Size/shape : D cup, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : BJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

After reading some reviews about Amelia Sweet I decided that I would take the punt. After all, she will be leaving Australia at the end of June so I had to take this opportunity or it may never arise again. I was in Melbourne for a few days and organised a time with her via email which was relatively easy. She was very prompt and professional. It was clear she is well educated and I believe she told me that she is currently studying. 

So upon meeting her I immediately felt at ease. You can tell Amelia takes good care of herself, is clean and very accommodating. 

After showering Amelia started with a light sensual massage. She lied on top of me where I could feel her full and firm breasts. She then started kissing the back of my neck and worked her way downwards to my lower back. She told me to flip over where she proceeded to give me a very nice slow blowjob. Her technique was flawless with just enough pressure and suction to keep you on the edge of blowing your load. She then slipped on the dom, climbed on top and started fucking me in cowgirl. After 5 minutes of staring at her awesome tits, I asked her to climb off and I started fucking her in doggy and came inside her after 10 minutes. 

I’m glad that I got to see Amelia before she leaves Australia. She definitely places in the top five of all punting experiences. Hopefully she returns to Australia as I will definitely book her again.


