Thread Title: Amy - Melbourne - 0401 318 348
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2019, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Amy - Melbourne - 0401 318 348
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy & Wendy

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.australs.com/escorts/mel...calls-id-gwsz9

Phone : 0401 31 8348

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $100/20 mins + extras

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Amy: slim, C cups tits. Wendy: chubbier, also C cuppers

Nationality or Ethnicity : Amy Taiwan, Wendy didn't ask. Probably PRC

Services Provided : FS (Amy). BBBJ, "touching" (Wendy)

Value for money/recommend? : Not really.

My experience/comments :

So first things first. Discovered this new site "Australs" which claims to eliminate fake photos. IN this case, they are correct. Amy is certainly the chick in the photos, although when I met her she lacked the make up or the push-up bra in thew photos. The one of her in the white is probably the most accurate. But at least it's honest.

Rock up to the apartment building, meet Amy, check her against the photos, all good. We start off in the bedroom, then a second lady, buck naked, walks in. Would I like to add Wendy for $50? Fuck both of us, they say. Well, I only have $30, so what can you do for $30? She will stay and watch, and you can touch her. Now, this is previously unknown definition of the word "touch", where touch means as soon I touch, for example, her shoulder, she goes away, gets a wet wipe, then cleans herself. Then she pulls out a condom, asks me to inset two fingers into it, and finger fuck her while Amy is giving me a CBJ.

I then ask to fuck Amy, as we agreed. Off comes the 'dom, and she fluffs around, whilst Wendy gives me a BBBJ. Amy then applies a fresh 'dom, and gives me a HJ, whilst Wendy goes back to the wet wipes routine. I ask again to fuck Amy, and she says, doggy only, then proceeds to shut her legs. I suspect that I wasn't inside her, but fucking inside her thighs, so I ask for missionary. Again the old closed leg routine. It's all very odd, to be honest, and quite unsatisfying. Amy tries to finish me off with a HJ, but even that doesn't work out.

Pros: at least the photos are accurate.
Cons: read above.

Would not return.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th October 2019, 12:00 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Australia Escorts | Australs is a progressive mob who may actually be on the side of the punters,because no one else is on our side.


