Thread Title: Amy - Melbourne (CBD) - 0457 008 665
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st January 2014, 12:59 AM
Poster ID: old
Post Title: 
 Amy - Melbourne (CBD) - 0457 008 665
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy


Establishment : Private address on Russel St


Date of Visit : late December


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0457008665


Hours of Business : 11am - 6pm 7 days


Rates : $150 for 45 min


Age : 25


Size/shape : Slim Size 6


Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese


Services Provided : CBJ, HJ


Value for money/recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments : I had a weekly catch up with Sophie who used to advertise on locanto. Sent her a text confirming the appointment the day before.


So i turn up as agreed only  only to be greeted by Amy.

I was a bit unsure as in has booked for Sophie and when i got there Sophie was gone and Amy was there. When i asked about Sophie, i was told "old girls gone, we have new girls now". Not wanting to be rude and as i was there i thought i would at least see how it went.

I paid the $120 for 45 minutes and went into the smaller room and got ready , not sure what to expect. Amy came in and stripped off ( no prompting from me) and started to give me a pretty good massage. She then gave me a body slide while i was still on my stomach with some light kissing around my neck .

She then asked me to turn over and on noticing that Warren the purple headed warrior was standing to attention she asked hand or oral? I asked if there was anything else available and was advised no, maybe next month some new girls will do full service.
I decide on  "Oral" she says $30 and i agree as any blood that would normally be in the negotiating part of my brain was otherwise deployed.

On goes the cover and she proceeded to give me a pretty solid BJ. Good suction and worked the plums so they didn't feel left out. Tried to give Garfield a tickle while she was going but had my hand gently moved away. breasts and butt OK, but no Garfield.

After i finish, Amy gave me a thorough clean up and finished off with a relaxing and quite good leg and head massage.

Amy is mid 20's from Taiwan and is pretty cute. The massage was good and as was the BJ. 

WIR ?  Probably not. But only because i don't like change i will see where Sophie ends up


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st February 2014, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: bigcarl
Post Title: 
 Amy - Melbourne - 0457 008 726
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

 Establishment : 118 Russell St

 Date of Visit : 31 Jan 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0457 008 726 Locanto link : *Girls *Girls *Girls* Best Girl in MELBOURNE CBD, melbourne cbd

 Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

 Rates : $80/30m incl HJ, $20 BBBJ

 Age : mid 30s 

 Size/shape : slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

 Services Provided : "Massage", bodyslide, HJ, BBBJ

 Value for money/recommend? : Depends

 My experience/comments : 

I'd never been to an R'N'T before, so I was definitely wanting a good experience.  Made the booking, texted her when I got to the address and got the details to come upstairs.  From other reading, I think this is the same place as "Amy" uses in other reviews.  Anyway the apartment is clean, there's a privacy screen (presumably for the other girl and clients) and a sliding door on the room I'm shown into.


I got naked and onto the table, and the girl (I never found out her name) comes in a minute later, naked herself.  She's a very slim Asian woman, not an ounce of fat on her, lovely little boobs.  The massage starts, and to be honest, if you're actually keen on the rub part, go elsewhere.  All she did was run her hands over me lightly for ten minutes, no oil (although no shower either so maybe not a bad thing), no actual massage.  Plenty of crack touching and brushes against the sack though, so I didn't mind too much.


After about 10 minutes, she climbs on top of me, rubbing her nipples over my crack and kissing all over my back.  Only for a minute or two though, then it's time for the flip.  She gives the option of hand or mouth, and I'm informed that BBBJ is $20.  What the hell, it's my first time, so I go for it.

And I'm glad I did.  I'm one of those unfortunates who almost never comes from a BJ, and yet within five minutes I was pumping my load into her mouth.  Dunno what she did, but AMEN!


And that was the end of it.  Clothes back on and I was out the door about 20 minutes after going in.


So, WIR?  Undecided.  I got value from it because of actually cumming from a BJ, but aside from that, probably not.  You can definitely get a better massage elsewhere, and she wasn't too keen when I tried to touch her puss (actually held my hand to stop me), and the session didn't go anywhere near a half hour.  On the positives side, the BJ was first rate.  I'll prob go back if I really want to finish like that again, but otherwise, there's a few others I'd like to try first.


