Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 12:17 PM
Poster ID: MattG995
Post Title: 
 Amy Zee/Kitty - Private- CBD Melbourne -  0416354477
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy Zee/Kitty

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 14/08

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Amy Zee New arrival. The Best Tender or Wild 0416354477 - 24 - Escort Wiz  0416354477 incall at her apartment on little lonsdale street in the Melb CBD

Hours of Business : all day

Rates : $250/hr ($150 30 min session)

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : full gfe

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Kitty was my very first dip in the punting pool, and boy was it a good first choice.

I browsed backpage and saw her ad, I called her not long after and she was more than happy to send me a new picture of her with the that date on a piece of paper to show she was legit.

I booked an hour with her the day before, and when I arrived (at a classic asian backpackers hotel, full of asian people staring at me haha, but it was discreet nonetheless) I was greeted by the girl in the pictures, who was quite beautiful along with having killer boobs and a nice perky ass.

She asked for the money the second she shut the door, which was surprising to a newcomer as to how direct she was, but once that was out of the way we got down to business. 

She laid me down and caressed up and down my body, all the while she had one hand massaging my balls which felt like heaven.

Then she started a cbj, which despite being covered was incredible and i could feel her tongue sliding up and down my manhood. While she blew me I also was rubbing her clit, which she was perfectly okay with and i could see she was getting into.

I then took her to pound town, I got her up in doggy and slid straight into her to which she let out a gasp, she was ridiculously wet as well, it was mesmerising seeing how wet she was and having it all over me, but I didnt stop there.

We then went cowgirl and I got the best few of her beautiful boobs bouncing up and down in front of me, with her even being nice enough to let me suck on them (definitely a boobs man).

As i felt myself getting closer to finish, she jumped off and start giving me spanish to completion. It was wonderful, seeing her delicate breasts covered in my product was awesome.

We had nice conversation after as she cleaned us up, and she said she was only staying a short while as she was originally in brisbane, then toured sydney before coming here.

All in all it was a perfect way to start my punting lifestyle, however not long after she was off to brisbane, and I don't think i've seen her return since, so that sucks.

WIR: definitely, if you can get ahold of her


