Thread Title: Ana Pimenta - Melbourne - anapimentavip1@gmail.com  0414 074 747
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st August 2013, 10:30 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: 
 Ana Pimenta - Melbourne - anapimentavip1@gmail.com  0414 074 747
				
Post Content: 
This was originally posted on PP, reporting on my experience with Ana Pimenta.  I would have been Ana's very first client in Australia, but the tyranny of distance intervened.  I reckon she's the hottest woman I've ever shagged, and our three hours together was absolutely mind boggling. Everything I'm hearing and seeing indicates this review is still completely representative of time with Ana, whom I also understand may be touring sometime soon.


Service Provider's Name: Ana Pimenta 
Session Month: April 
Session Year: 2013 
Type of Service: Private Escort 
Phone Number (Please add area code): 0414 074 747 
Service Provider's Email (if any): anapimentavip1@gmail.com 
SWA Number if known (Victoria only): SWA 5693BE 
Photos Authenticity: 100% Real 
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $400 
Location where session took place: Victoria 
Incall or Outcall (Leave blank in Victoria): Outcall to your home/hotel 
Session Day: Weekend 
Session Time: Daytime 
Estimated Age: 21 - 25 
Estimated Ethnic Group: Mixed Groups Origin 
Nationality (Leave blank if Australian): Brazil 
Knowledge of English: Regular 
Hair Colour: Black 
Hair Length: Long 
Eyes Colour: Coffee 
Skin Colour: Olive 
Height: Average - Around 165 cm / 5'5" 
Body Shape: Athletic 
Estimated Body Size: 6 to 8 
Estimated Breast Size: DD and above (Extra Large) 
Enhanced breasts?: No 
Pubic Hair: Landing Strip 
Any Tattoos?: None 
Any Piercings?: One or two 
Full Sex Available: Yes 
Kind of Experience: Sex Buddy Experience 
Kissing Available: Yes, DFK (Deep French Kissing) 
Blowjob: Yes 
DATY / Oral On Her: Yes 
Handjob Available: Yes 
Extras Charged: No 
Overall Looks: Model material 
Overall Personality: Lovely 
Overall Performance: Out of this world! 


Private Escort - April 2013 - Ana Pimenta - She's grouse!

Meeting Ana has been a long time coming.  The three hours I spent with her this past Saturday afternoon will never be erased from my memory.  

When I first saw her online on PP, in January, I clicked on her name and noting she was from Brazil immediately became interested.  I love Brazilian chicks.  Doing a search, I found photos which made me suffer a minor cerebral haemorrhage in terms of the impact they had on me.  I wrote a note asking if she planned to visit, with no response, and assumed not.  Imagine my glee when next month it came about she was not only visiting, but moving here, for an extended period at least!  

As her impending arrival came closer, we communicated more, and ultimately I helped Ana get setup for working in Melbourne very quickly.  I couldn't wait to finally meet her!  Alas, I was in Sydney, so I had to watch from afar, with mixed emotions, all the activity down here in Mexico.  Ultimately, the juxtaposition of a drinks night, the ANZAC weekend, visiting a few friends and some work made a Melbourne roadtrip feasible.  Throwing in a long booking with Ana made it a no brainer.

A generous friend was kind enough to lend me their house for the afternoon.  Once logistics were finally sorted, Ana's presence at the door created a grin that did not leave my face for the next 24 hours.  We had a snack, and a long chat, before I realised, hey, I can actually get really close to her hahaha.  Mutually deciding it was time to move upstairs, I said hey let's have a shower.  Ana is built for shower funtime, and those brown eyes in the intimacy of a shower would make me melt and run down the drain as well.

Well, that was not to be.  We embraced and kissed each other tenderly, Ana shedding clothes and slowly removing mine as she went.  Investigating my man stake, Ana expressed happiness at the happiness it was expressing.  We very quickly decided to ditch the shower plans and carry on tasting and fondling each other.  

As Ana stepped back and dropped the rest of her clothing, I was actually shaking, and blushing hahaha.  Ana was laughing, asking "why is your face changing colour?!"  I don't know if she'd realised how much I'd always craved her.  Here, standing naked in front of me, was my dream girl -- a young women made for me "to spec". I was grinning and shaking like a 16yo virgin, just absolutely besotted at Ana's presence.

I actually have trouble piecing together what followed from this point.  I remember it starting with me laying Ana on the bed and pashing the living daylights out of her, kissing and licking her entire body as though it was honey-tinged chocolate, Ana moaning, and insisting that I shag her immediately.  I'd have none of that, moving down between her thighs and proceeding to lick, kiss, suck, tongue and just generally savour the intimacy of her womanhood.  I think Ana soon got the idea of what I thought of her, as she writhed in pleasure, before coming hard and crushing my skull with the vice grip of her thighs.

Giving in to her demands, I donned the obligatory PPE, Ana grabbed her little husband, and proceeded to enjoy a very sensual, very moist mish.  I held Ana tightly, kissing her when I could, until once again she came very hard.  I felt the heat of her juices running out, leaving a rather substantial wet patch on the strategically placed towels.  

I kid you not for two hours we only stopped for maybe a ten minute break.  We were intimately connected to each other, Ana with her little husband as a bonus, nearly constantly.  It was an incredibly passionate, lustful sexual frenzy the likes of which are rarely seen in my life, and I get pretty passionate and uninhibited when I get going!  I think it's quite fair to say that Ana and I, besides having warm personalities, were quite compatible with each other physically.  Ana's orgasms were countless, and my lust for her was insurmountable.  Mish, incredibly sensual spooning, doggie and caterpillar (only God knows how I didn't immediately cum when I slid into Ana while grasping that succulent ass of hers), cowgirl, Asian cowgirl, Ana on side with me from behind on top, mish with legs wrapped around my ears (yum!), the intimacy of lotus, and finally finishing with Ana and I leaning back legs astride and us both just watching me entering Ana as we grinned, groaned and gyrated in lustful pleasure.

I finally couldn't take any more of this, and Ana was getting worn out I asked where she'd like me to cum, and she said boobs, or back, yes back would be nice!  I said nah boobs "so you can see it". Dirty, Dave!   We did Spanish for almost ten minutes, with Ana egging me on and absolutely turned on by what she was doing to me, as she cupped her breasts, me slowly sliding between them, me whimpering from time to time in absolute yet frustrated ecstasy as I locked into the sultry abyss of her eyes, Ana occasionally spitting on me and driving me crazy, until I finally came with a body-shattering orgasm, releasing one Australian Standard unit of hot juices onto her chest with much relief.

I shook for five minutes afterwards, from the intensity of the orgasm.  

Ana laid back, with a big smile across her face, and asked if I was okay a couple of times   I wonder if she'll ever fully appreciate how amazing for me that time  was!  Four months of deep lust and anticipation can make for some pretty awesome sex.

Ana stretched out along the bed, looking so peaceful and content, saying she could do no more she was exhausted did I understand?  Yes, I understood.  I laid down next to her, with Ana soon falling asleep, me cuddled up with my arm around her waist.  Yes, I do have to fess up I did sit up and admire her body a couple times as well, just thinking "wow".

I had muscles aching the next day I didn't even know I had....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st September 2013, 10:03 AM
Poster ID: Indigo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What a great review


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd September 2013, 01:20 AM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gold!!! I want some Ana. You lucky B.....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd September 2013, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: 
 Here, let me make it perfectly clear why I was blushing and nervous....
				
Post Content: 
Behold the wonders of Brazil!  It's beautiful mountains and valleys, and the graceful curves of it's coastlines!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd September 2013, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Dave Licker


Behold the wonders of Brazil!  It's beautiful mountains and valleys, and the graceful curves of it's coastlines
"""



A truly lovely piece of geography, Dave.

What a land to explore.

Tks.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd September 2013, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: ausnoja
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by fartichoke


A truly lovely piece of geography, Dave.

What a land to explore.

Tks
"""



Hmmmmm and those ill fuck your brains out eyes      
Yep I can just the dogs howling all day and night !!!! and sounds like this girl knows how to have fun


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd September 2013, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review!.. The pics are too tempting!.. If she tours?!.. I may have to come out of retirement!.. I am gobsmacked!..  

AB


Floor: #8
Post Time: 4th September 2013, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
she is a hottie wow


Floor: #9
Post Time: 23rd March 2017, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: phillay123
Post Title: 
 Ana Pimenta - St. Kilda - 0414 074 747
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:ana pimenta

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:21/2/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0414074747 https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ana-pimenta

Hours of Business: SMS to find out

Rates:$500ph

Age:late 20s

Size/shape: athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: south american

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Good value

My experience/comments:

Booked via SMS after seeing on advertising site. Quick replies. Went to apartment in St Kilda, nice place high end not some dirty fs palour. Offered water, then small talk. Very good English, she's a student doing escorting work on the side. Proceeded to a shower on my own. Moved to bedroom for cbj, was decent, then into cowgirl, missionary, some French kissing. Out comes a vibrator which she puts inside and I can feel it. Moved into doggy and I can see her pussy creaming. I finished inside and was offered massage. 

Would i return? Probably not, I like to sample.


