Thread Title: Anastasia - Brunswick - 0412 139 062
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2017, 07:16 PM
Poster ID: blackknightsl
Post Title: 
 Anastasia - Brunswick - 0412 139 062
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anastasia

Establishment : Incall

Date of Visit : 02/08/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Anastasia Independent Private Escort!! - Genuine Photos - New Offers!! - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $400 an hour

Age : 30

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Euro

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not really, there are better options out there for the same price

Saw her add on backpage multiple  times but never wanted to see after seen a negative review of her. But  I'm sucker for big butts. Texted her around 8pm and asking whether she's  available on the night around 10pm she said she can do 11pm. It was too  late for me but I agreed. Went up to her place brunswick as always I  arrived on time. Got a text once I arrived saying she at the supermarket  that she's running late for 15min. about 25min later got a text saying  come to the door where I waited another good 10min at her door waiting  for her to open the door. She finally opened the door and now it's  almost 11pm. She looks exactly like her photos, she asked me to sit on  her couch till she gets ready, she jumped on to the shower. She took  another good 20min at the shower. Now I'm really pissed about her lack  of time management I almost walked out. After that I jumped into shower  and came back and checked the time it's around 12:30am. After settling  the money jumped on to the bed and she asked me what would I like. I'm  too tired now so I said lets start with a message. Received a pretty  decent message while she started to talk. I made a big mistake by  telling her about the field I work at, because he father used to work at  the same field she started to tell me all the stories. And then she  went on about how backpage blocking her adds because she owes money to  backpage. Anyways goo 25min of nonstop talking and rubbing my back in  between I decided f** it and turned around hoping she will pay some  attention to my fella who's already a sleep.
  She started to rub her  tits on my fell then on my chest while she was still talking.. then I  kissed her hoping that she will shut up. she responded to that and then  she moved on to give me a pretty decent BBBJ. Now I can see her big butt  which got me hard pretty quickly. After a while a I returned the favor  and went for some DATY while she used her vibrator. Then I put the dom  on and started pounding away missionary. She wanted me to pound harder  but I was too tired. Asked her to go on doggy position where I can enjoy  view of her bubble butt. Didn't take long before I exploded all over  her back. 
She's not a clock watcher but in this case I wish she did. Sex is pretty good if you really into big butts.


