Thread Title: Angel, Melbourne CBD, 0411751668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th February 2020, 11:44 PM
Poster ID: RealPixThanks
Post Title: 
 Angel, Melbourne CBD, 0411751668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Angel

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 19/2/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:
Escorts and Babes - Angel. https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/Angel88/

Phone : 0411751668

Hours of Business: 10am - Late

Rates: $130/30mins + $50 per 15mins

Age: 23ish..

Size/Shape: Petite 154cm

Nationality or Ethnicity: Possibly Thai (NOT JAPANESE)

Services Provided: Full Service
My order: 30 min GFE

Value for money/recommend?: NOT RECOMMEND, Angel had the same physique as described in the profile but not the appearance. FAKE PICS definitely some organised switcheroo a bit too consistent to be photoshopped, would love to meet the real Angel.

Introduction:

This is a continuation of my escort adventures on the 19th of Feb 2020.

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f55/k...76/#post350136

As you might guess from the summary above my experience with this lady was pretty bad. Can someone also tell me why the two escorts live in the same building? I'm curious if this is an organised thing...

The Review:

So I went back to the same building after an impromptu text asking if Angel was available in 10ish minutes (texting at around 1.50pm). Afaik this is terrible escort etiquette so I kinda got what I deserved I guess...

I arrived at her room at about 2.15pm, both parties feeling incredibly rushed. Walking in I noticed food on the table, various bowls of Asian cuisine. Fuck, She was in the middle of lunch. Hold up, she's alot tanner skinned than in the photos, but she is Asian and short like in the profile, not enough red flags i guess.

She showed me to the room, got ready. She spent a minute or two stripping while texting on her work + private phone (I'm guessing) messaging. I was there in arms reach just caressing her leg for the time being.

Angel proceeded with the initial full body rub down, nipple sucking and caressing then the condom on, started to suck me off for about 5 mins. I was finger her while this was happening, her pussy was pre-filled with lube, I'm guessing to make it as if she was wet? Maybe she didn't clean after her previous client also crossed my mind.

After she was done, told me to get on top, missionary. I went hard and rough for a good 5 mins while she was impressed and holding my chest. I stopped from exhaustion and it falling out, and she immediately asked if I came. It was kind of an immediate turn off for me, that was the moment where it felt too rushed. Noticing I didn't, She went into doggy position but I couldn't get hard enough after the comment, so she flipped over and went back to missionary, I proceeded to bend her legs back.

I went hard in missionary again. Hard enough to swing the bed, She was moaning the whole time while telling me to cum repeatedly. Managing to cum after 2mins of rough sex she laughed at how hard the bed was banging against the wall. I was too exhausted to reply.

She got off the bed, immediately messaging on her phone.
I asked for a shower, She offered me several wet wipes. I put my clothes back on, no light conversation or chill out time, She basically pushed me out the door. I guess she had lunch to eat and I'm just that arsehole that wanted a quickie...Probably should've asked her quickie rate.

I was in and out of her room in probably under 15mins. I should've gone back to Kiko.


