Thread Title: Angela - Melbourne CBD, Franklin St, Victoria -  0415 358 856
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2016, 01:09 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Angela - Melbourne CBD, Franklin St, Victoria -  0415 358 856
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : mid Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.cracker.com.au/Fema...-know/27379237

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $250/1h

Age : ad says 27, I would say early 30's

Size/shape : tall slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : ad says Chinese

Services Provided : massage, CBJ, DATY, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No / yes but only 0.5h

My experience/comments : I liked the photos in the ad because the WL had a hot body and was wearing clothes and lingerie and thought it would be good to have a hour so plenty of time for cosplay and lingerie play. Texted and got a quick response with rates etc and asked if I like her profile. Yes, and said why. Angela texted back that she would have a surprise for me. Got to the street address and sorted out the apartment code. Bit hard finding the bell symbol on the key pad. It's a very busy entry and you can pick the punter standing there with phone in one hand trying to sort out access. Angela texted good instructions. Up to the apartment. The big question is always, photos fake and walk, or not sure and stay. Older than I expected and harder in the face than I would have liked, but stayed and handed over the $250 with a bit of hesitation. Angela was dressed in a white button shirt, black skirt, stockings, high heels, nice bra and g-string. All nice, but no surprise. Clean towel, shower, clean spread put on bed cover like a brothel. Showed. Then off came all the clothes except g-string and stockings. No tease or play. I'd booked an hour so there would be no rushing. Shedding clothes took about 30 seconds. Angela has a hot body, toned, flat stomach and nice skin. Massage next. Not much effort put into it. You would think knowing that it is ending with FS, that there would be a lot of tickle, but no. Decided to massage Angela for a while, which she was very happy for lying on her stomach. Had fun playing with her pussy and she gave pussy and arse a thorough clean with wet wipe. She thought my finger nails were too long and didn't want me to FIV. Maybe they were a bit. Had a good time with rimming and DATY stomach down, then turned over and slid her down to the end of the bed for more DATY, then me lying down, CBJ ball deep which was very good and could't do that for too long, 69 and then she sat on my face leaning against the wall. Went as slow as possible through all this. Moved into cowgirl, nice small and tight pussy, and was getting close so had to pull out of that and take control. Into mish, which was very good. She's pretty flexible and was nice to spread those stocking clad legs wide, kneeling and get a great view of her nice little pussy being pounded. Tried doggy and a few other positions and back to mish. Pulled out and went for a bit more DATY but didn't want me too as 'too wet'. Hadn't used lube and thought that would be good now she was wet, but no. Kept going with mish and Angela said that her pussy came as well. Cleaned up and offered massage for the rest of the time, which I declined. Back in the car 35 min after the start time. Should have gone the 0.5h.  So, photos are real and recent, although her tits seemed smaller than in the photos, but they were nice with great erect nipples. Overall it was a good root but a low effort do the minimum affair.


