Thread Title: Angel - CBD - 0423 821 822
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Angel - CBD - 0423 821 822
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? new Cute busty ??? angel 0423821822 want naughty with me now?u - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $130/30 mins

Age : 30s or 40s

Size/shape : Larger, busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : DATY, BBBJ (+$20), FS, French maid cosplay (no extra)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

First up, this is not the same Angel who is reviewed here. Now I have seen this WL before and I am sure I posted a review of her on here, but she must have changed her name and/or number since the last visit. However, same lady and same excellent service.

Saw the ad on backpage, and thought I'd give it a go. The photos are not her, but they could well have been her 10 years ago! So not an egregious sin. After a bit of fluffing around, I show up and it's my old friend form last time. She asks if I want her to dress up in a maid's outfit, I saw sure, why not. She's a busty, larger lady with probably DD or E bust, a bit of a belly, and a shaved pussy.

What followed was a good CBJ, massively enjoyable DATY, some LFK, FS in a variety of positions, a BBBJ which was excellent, and a nice HJ to finish.

Angel is not a clock watcher, seems affectionate, and provides a good honest service for lower than the going rate. English is not great.

She's back for a while (weeks or months she said), and I can see her becoming a new regular.

If you are into slim young things, avoid. If you don't mind a bit of padding and are after an almost GFE with a slightly older WL, then can recommend.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice post Cl-dean and nothing wrong with a larger mature girl if she gets into it. Sometimes they just need some lov'in. If you become a regular then BBBJ maybe thrown in.


