Thread Title: Angela -  Melbourne CBD - 0447 637 731
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th September 2015, 01:57 PM
Poster ID: The Vigilante
Post Title: 
 Angela -  Melbourne CBD - 0447 637 731
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : INCALL at Ladies Appartment

Date of Visit : 18/09/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Mebourne CBD http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...g-for-you.html

Hours of Business : Unsure, didn't ask, she asked what time I wanted to book and she accepted (sorry)

Rates : $250 for 60 minutes

Age : 20

Size/shape : size 6 skinny.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Korean)

Services Provided : FULL Service. touching, cuddling, nude body slide, kissing, oral, happy ending and vaginal sex.

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Off work today as I have a cold, but was so bored at home and saw this beauty recently on Locanto. Sent sms and got a reply reasonably quickly. All set up for the hour. I drove in and parked nearby. Angela really likes to look after her clients as if they are her boyfriend. she loves cuddles and our hands moved all over the place during the cuddling at the start. We then kissed for what seemed like 5 or so minues then she asked if I wanted a nude body slide, I was never going to give up that opportunity.

Due to having a bit of a cold (slightly better than yesterday) I wasn't on top of my game, so Angela said she would make sure she took great care of me and grinned back at me.  So yeah, the nude body slide happened and wow! it got me very horny. She laughed. She then asked if I wanted oral, I nodded my approval. She quickyl got a condom and slipped it on and started to suck. In the sms earlier today since I booked for an hour, I was allowed to blow twice.

Whilst sucking me with the condom on, she played with my testicles and I told her I enjoy pain so she can do whatever. She liked that, she twisted them a bit and noiced I was getting harder because of that. Angela kept holding my balls as hard as she could whilst sucking me off, she knew I was going to blow really soon so she took off the condom and allowed me to blow all over her chest, she used a finger to wipe a bit off her natural d cups and stuck the finger in her mouth. So hot!

Mind you, as I am writing this review, just thinking about the booking earlier today, it is getting me hard all over again!. We then went back to kissing and cuddling and touching all over whilst we were waiting for me to reload.

After about ten minutes it was time to go again. So she used some oil on her hands and poured a bit on my penis and started to play with it. Very very very good technique mind you with the hand relief, she was the Queen of hand jobs that is for sure. When I was eventually half erect, she grabbed another condom and we tried doggy for a bit and then missionary and cowgirl. In the end I was on my back and she was riding me like a good girl, slightly leaning forward with her very large natural breasts right in my face so I can suck on them and her nipples. She certainly is a wild child that is for sure.

Near the end of the booking we hurried the pace a bit and with a few minutes to spare whilst I was ramming it home deep inside of her with plastic on and sucking on those fantastic breasts, I blew my load a second time to which she was very happy with. She continued to rock me for a few moments afterwards. She then got off, pulled the condom off and milked me for every drop and in her mouth it went, she licked her lips with pleasure.

After yesterdays slight disappointing booking I was very happy I recovered and went ok despite having a cold and allowed Angela to take the lead and do what she does best, look after her client. I enjoyed myself very much.

You should all go see her, you will eave smiling from ear to ear


