Thread Title: Anita - Clayton -  0406 550 688
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th May 2020, 08:08 AM
Poster ID: rwong8688
Post Title: 
 Anita - Clayton -  0406 550 688
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anita

Establishment : Private incall Clayton

Date of Visit : May 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Line ID: 8ANITABABY8 AnitaBaby Stuidio

Phone : SMS 0406 550 688

Hours of Business : Until 12 am

Rates : $180 45 minutes [$130 / $180 / $230 | $170 / $220 / $270]

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Looks: Pretty, mild Eurasian appearance but pure Chinese 
Height: Listed as 164cm
Skin Colour: Pale
Body: Super Skinny, some curves
Breasts: Listed as D, I think C-D reasonable size
Twat Appearance: Unshaven

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DFK: No, very light kissing
BJ: Did not go for deluxe, however she still did ball licking and catbathing everywhere only putting the dom on at the end
CIM: Unsure
DATY: Unsure appears reluctant
Rimming on her: Didn't try
Rimmed by her: Not offered
Sex: Reasonable
Eye Contact: Fair eye contact
Shower Fun: No
Friendly: Okay

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes would return 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Thanks to other reviews in another forum I tried this line ID and got a response from Anita.
She sent photos and a video along with her prices. The photos are pretty accurate, probably mildly touched up but they appear to be her and she’s pretty.
It was easy to organise a time and the address was very convenient for me.

Arrived at the location, it’s a bunch of units and discreetly I want to the correct unit.
Anita opened the door she was dressed unflatteringly but appropriate for the weather in a long sleeved jumper. Introductions and she spoke to me in Mandarin. She’s pretty friendly although language is an issue as she does not speak much English.
She directed me to one of the bedrooms and I undressed, had a shower its not that big for two people.
She was relaxed and friendly.
She provides good service asked me to lie on the bed and pretty much did her thing teasing me. Catbathing and proceeded down caressing my legs and then coming back to my cock.
She preceded to ball lick.
I have seen her twice so far and I think she is reluctant for punters to touch her pussy or DATY although I didn’t directly ask. I get that feeling as she positions herself so that it is hard to access.
I’m not that into BJ but she seems pretty good. I didn’t pay for deluxe so she put on a dom and gave me a quick BJ before getting on top cowgirl.
Flipped her over for mish and I finished. She gives good vocal encouragement.
Gave me a decent massage after.

Given her price, her service, she’s fairly pretty and location in the south east (not CBD) and easy communication. I think I’ll be a semi-regular for awhile.
The line ID is an agent, girls change on the roster.
Their website is https://www.anita-baby.com/
I've also seen Monica


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th May 2020, 11:29 AM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi,
I saw some of these girls a while ago before the lock down. They stick to their prices with service. If you don't pay for delux they won't let you daty or DFK.
That's what I experienced.
Cheers
Jas


