Thread Title: Anna - Essendon - 0411 586 277
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th January 2020, 06:30 PM
Poster ID: Chupacabra
Post Title: 
 Anna - Essendon - 0411 586 277
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna 

Establishment : private apartment 

Date of Visit : 18/1/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : keilor rd apartment 

Phone :0411586277

Hours of Business : 10:00 until 7

Rates : many rates even to stick finger 

Age : 45's up

Size/shape : slim big fake boobies 

Nationality or Ethnicity : of course Chinese 

Services Provided : fs

Value for money/recommend? : no for me 

My experience/comments :  I decided to try garbage locanto ads again.  Text this number straight away got an answer "My GFE price is
$100/30mins,
$150/45mins,
$200/60mins". then another message "Like full service baby or massage baby".  So decided to gave it a go..  Drove to the address provided.  Then another text. "3 mins baby preparing". Bullshit another punter was there finished with his service..  I decided to walk to kill some time. At the front of that complex apartments there was this Indian guy wearing some tradie uniform checking his phone and talking over the phone.   At the beginning I thought another punter..  I just went to my car ready to go the hell out there when I got another text "Thanks baby I'm ready " OK out of curiosity decided to go..   As I walking again to the apartments the same guy still standing but this time he gave me  a look like I'm watching you..  I said fck puto.  Went to level 2 door opened and Anna was there wearing bikinis outfits. We went to the room paid my fees for 30 mins $130. We undress she has nice fake tits but my buddy down there not impressed. She gave me some wet tissues to clean my hands. My hands are cleaner then your pussy fck WL Anyway  she put the plastic on and started a cbj just to make my buddy aware..  Tried to played with her pussy not allowed. So why cleaning my hands.   I was becoming so annoyed. She jumped on me and started fucking me cowgirl like a machine trying to finished me off quickly.. Fake moans and lots of giggles.  Tried to kissed fake boobies not allowed..  Fck bitch!!!  I tried to make it last then doggie style but couldn't control it she put too much oil on her pussy..  Then I finished in 15 mins.  That's it you have to be out of there.  Tried to make longer but relaxing in bed but she was ready for next punter.  I dressed myself then I took off.  No way!!! I will be back. I had better service at AMP..  I was on the elevator then when I reached my floor guess what??? The Indian  dude  taking the lift Hahaha  .. Maybe he was a pimp or something but he gave me another dirty look..  Overall not good experience..  Anna said see ya tomorrow..  No way Jose .


