Thread Title: Annabelle Bond - Melbourne (CBD) - 0422 905 741
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: Outcast4
Post Title: 
 Annabelle Bond - Melbourne (CBD) - 0422 905 741
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : annabelle bond

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : october 15 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.locanto.com.aau

Hours of Business : daytime

Rates : 450per hour

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : in shape, tall, busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : australian

Services Provided : bbbj, sex, massage

Value for money/recommend? : not recommending, but may suit some

My experience/comments : (Pwhile she is attractive she did not look prepared and slightly deshevelled, maybe had a couple of drinks but unsure, service started well dfk, massage , playing with all he dangly bits, began bbbj and was very good at....then sudden stop ....cant continue as she claim precum....what? Im miles of at this stage and i would know,! Anyway proceeded to sex different positions but she didnt seem into it.....well it reached its natural conclusion.....but as a mid priced private wold have expected a lot more....i think she was cutting some corners.......not the worts but far from he best....but would be to somes taste...lease put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 08:18 PM
Poster ID: adventurous
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This WL used to be known as Simone Du Pont, she had a really good following, excellent reviews, and was,   by all I have read, worth the money.  She was around for quite a few years and was well up there with the best and more popular girls.  Then, a few crap reviews started popping up, reviews that also mention drinks,  heavy drinking , and her being disorganised.  Even reviews citing violent and painful biting by her, in one case even biting until she drew blood. Bringing abrupt ends to bookings and insisting customers leave even when they had booked for long sessions. 
She never seemed to respond to any of the reviews that made these claims, but there was back up for the bad reviews, with other punters also coming and giving accounts of their bad experiences with her.  

She seemed to go dark for a while, then resurfaced as Annabel. 


Sent from my GT-P7500 using Tapatalk 4


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by adventurous


This WL used to be known as Simone Du Pont ..
"""



Thank you adventurous.

Here's the Simone thread, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f67/si...ghlight=Simone


