Thread Title: Armani - St Kilda, Melbourne, VIC - 0467 403 626
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th May 2017, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: sonrop01
Post Title: 
 Armani - St Kilda, Melbourne, VIC - 0467 403 626
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Armani

Establishment : Private residence

Date of Visit : 20/05/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : xxxx Exotic Caribbean BBW xxxx - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 am till 10 pm weekdays and 12 pm till 3 am weekends

Rates : $120:1/2 hr $170:3/4 hr $220:1 hr $400: 2 hr

Age : 30

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caribbean

Services Provided : HJ, FS, DATY, rimming (on her)

Value for money/recommend? : Good value for money!

My experience/comments : Had seen Armani on Backpage for a while. She looked like just my kind of lady so when I got the chance, I called her and made an early afternoon booking for a half hour. Armani met me at the door of her apartment building and led me to her apartment. She IS my kind of woman: big brown ass showing through her sheer skirt, big brown tits. She's on the large size but very hot in my opinion. Very personable and a friendly host, she invited me to shower before and after our half hour session, and we had a good chat. Eventually she got me nude on the bed on my back and began massaging my nude cock, balls and ass with expertise. She then lay back for me to eat her out, and given my predilection for rimming, she quickly turned over on all fours and started moaning "lick my ass" while I rimmed her bare asshole. I enjoyed this very much. She got me on my back again and quickly made me cum with her expert hands. Armani offers a lot of great services, and I regret not going for more for longer, but once I cum I'm pretty much ready to go home, so we wrapped up the session and I had a shower and got going. She  told me her neighbours cook a lot and the smell gets into her apartment, so if the smell of cabbage turns you off, or you only like seeing SWs in fancy hotel rooms, this might not be for you. Armani is easy to talk to, provides very hot service, and is a great companion in my opinion.


