Thread Title: Arna -  Glen Waverley - 0411 145 159
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st December 2016, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: 
 Arna -  Glen Waverley - 0411 145 159
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Arna, not sure 

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 1/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.locanto.com.au/vic/ID_11171...GFE-sweet.html

Hours of Business : Call to check 

Rates : $250/60

Age : Claims 22, probably add 15

Size/shape : Petite, 8-10, awesome d cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : cbj, 69, hj, bbbj, fs 

Value for money/recommend? : No, avoid 

My experience/comments : I felt like something different today, so I flicked through some local ads on Locanto when I came across Arna's ad. It was different and  refreshing and exactly what I needed. So I called her and  confirmed her services. I asked her what her name was and was told Jenny? She was working out of a motel in Glen Waverley, she texted me the address and off I went.

So I arrive at her room, I knocked and am wondering if the woman that opens the door is the same as the ad or a fake. Door opens and sure enough, it's a fake! Much older than 22, but she was ok, dressed in a summer dress, her body looked good too, so with that and the fact that I was toey, I stayed. I should've went with my gut and left.
So I enter and after the finances are sorted, I am offered a shower, which I excepted. Once I'm out she meets me nude at the end of the bed, now I'm more an arse man than tits, but she has an awesome set of tits! Later on I asked if they were fake, because upon feeling them, I suspected they were, albeit a great job if so. She claims they were natural, so we'll go with that. Arna offered a massage to start with, I go with the flow and say ok, lay down and am covered with a liberal amount of oil. Crap massage and after a few minutes I want what I came for and roll over. Now in her ad she says gfe, kissing etc. so I was hoping for some good dfk, instead I got a couple of pecks and then she offered to suck. I said yes but was hoping for some decent dfk, clearly wasn't going to happen. 
So she doms me up for a cbj, boring! But to her credit it wasn't too bad, after maybe 4 mins she says" you fuck me now?", I said " no not yet, more sucking please ", so she continued. I then asked her for 69, she says yes, did I just want to look or lick? I said lick of course. So we had a pause in action while she poured me some fkn listerine to rinse my mouth, talk about mood killer. That out of the way, we continue in 69. We'll I'd say after no more than 2 mins, she fakes an orgasm and hops up, saying you made me cum darling, while she wipes my face. Now we have probably all be on the end of a fake orgasm, but when I'm down on a woman, it's pretty obvious when they have cum, Arna didn't. There was not one sign of it. Funny thing is, she hopped back on for more 69 before asking me to fuck her. So I entered her in mish, and she had her legs half closed so I couldn't get too deep. I did manage to get them pinned back so I could fkn her harder. Now I'm not small down below, but this was one of the loosest pussies I've ever fkd, I could hardly feel her. Her bj had got me close so I pumped her hard, attempting some dfk but once again it wasn't happening, so I thought of someone else so I could get load one in the bag.

We had a break, she offered another massage, which I declined. We talked for a bit while I reload, again I ask her her name, this time I get Carly, Kylie or Charlie, so I'm fucked if I know what her real name is.

Round 2 stared with her giving me an oily hj, it was shit and after 2 mins she's asking if I'm close? I said no, how about we fuck some more? Obviously that wasn't her plan, so she tries pulling harder and faster, then offers a bbbj for no extra. So she begins that but there's no depth or suction it's useless. So after another 4 mins she again asks if I'm close? I say no I want to fuck, she starts to gets the shits on, getting even rougher with my cock, saying that my dick doesn't work. So I told her that my dick works fine, she just doesn't know what she's doing! Then I told her I've had enough and to stop. 

I shower, dress and leave , only to have her ask me to come back another time!

WIR: No chance, rushed, fake ad and fake service. Left feeling ripped off


