Thread Title: AussieGall77 - Caroline Springs - Locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2019, 02:21 PM
Poster ID: japaneseonly
Post Title: 
 AussieGall77 - Caroline Springs - Locanto
				
Post Content: 
It has been a very long while since I've been in the game, however do miss it and just getting back into it. So here goes. 


Person's Name : AussieGal77

Establishment : Private (Car Meet Up) - Melbourne

Date of Visit : last visit 23/11/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...-you-need.html

Phone : Via Locanto only

Hours of Business : after dark

Rates : from $130(BBBJ with CIMSW), FS - $150/30min  $250/ph

Age : 40 (she can pass off slightly younger) - MILF

Size/shape : Slight Cubby but not BBW, Bust around D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, CIMWS

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

This lady is amazing!
It can be tricky to meet up with her as she only communicates via Locanto messaging and she only does Car meetups late at night. But every time I'm in Melbourne to meet the family, I will always try to make a least one catch up with her. 
First time I've meet her was only a oral service however she really knows how to make you work for it not to bust so quickly and she really loves what she is doing, I was hooked. This is only a side gig for her as she does have a day job. This time I went for the FS. 

Once the details has been confirmed she will meet with you at a dark and quiet location where you both can park your car next to each other. You can decide to jump into her car or yours. (jumped into mine as I had an SUV)
She confirms the service I wanted and then paid the fees. 

She took the cash and placed it down on centre arm rest then took no time and let her girls out. She has a natural D, soft but firm. Not Saggy at all for a MILF and a very responsive nipple. She loved it when they were sucked and nibbled on. During this time she shoved her hand down my pants and started stoking it. After a bit of stroking pushed me back and pulled my pants down so she can let my little one out and went for the kill. DTing and choking sound. You can feel her tongue going back and forth trying to push the little man further down her throat. I didn't last long from here on and the first load went down clean. 

She didnt stop there. She kept on going preventing it from going soft. The little one was damn sensitive at this time but she didnt let go, so I reached down between her legs and started playing. She was already moist and moaning as I fingered. This went on for about almost 10 mins (I think) before she said to get to the back of the car. 
Opened up the boot and she pulled out the dom and CBJ some more before she turned around and bent over revealing her slit. In I go and even though she was moist, it still felt time (maybe she was tensing)  as I pumped her I can feel the car rocking. We changed a couple more positions and before I was prepared she knew I was ready to nut. She pulled the dom off and took it in her mouth pumped away until I unload. She kept him in her mouth and continued to suck slowly until I was completely soft. 

My legs were jelly by this time but heck, she was amazing. She definitely worth my trip each time I'm down in Melbourne.


