Thread Title: Aussie Simone - Southbank VIC - 0434 051 171
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: 
 Aussie Simone - Southbank VIC - 0434 051 171
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Simone


Establishment : Southbank, VIC


Date of Visit :  Apr 20, 2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : here


Phone : 0434 051 171


Hours of Business : Check her ad


Rates : $250


Age : early 30ish


Size/shape : slim


Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian


Services Provided : GFE


Value for money/recommend? :  YES, if you like mechanical service.


My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


This is a case of punting went dud.   [Mod edit - delete]  Arrived at her place in Southbank after a few minutes looking for parking spot, I was greeted with this lady who fits my taste:  long  blonde hair, my height, good size tits and a smile.  Face is regular aussie but can't complaint.  After introduction etc, pay her 300.  I usually don't ask for a change as normally she/WL does give a change.  Well, not this one!!  Started by cleaning up a bit in the bathroom, then into the room.  We started by lying down, while we touched each other.  I tried to kiss her but guess what?  she said please don't touch this part of my face , my cheek etc.  Upon fingering, my finger smelled like piss whilew after a few seconds in she softly pulled my finger out.  Then she started playing with my cock which somehow managed to function until she tried to put condy.  While I was used to WL putting condy with her mouth and suck it immediately, she on the other hand didn't do it for a reason of the cock wasn't had enough.  Well, by now I got so frustrated, can't kiss, can't finger, no sucking until it does get hard so shit....  Eventually the cock remains half hard, Asked her to do HJ and cum.  Since the whole incident happen only in half an hour, I asked her to give me back massage.  After twenty minutes, I just told her to finish up, went to the bathroom to clean oil she used for massaging, dressed up and ran while holding my half hard dick who wanted more after the first cum.  However my brain and my instinct said now and told me to go somewhere else.  Well, it was midnight by now, so I kept that half hard cock and took it to sleep.


Through the interaction, I didn't see any effort to maybe pretend that she enjoyed the touching and caressing.  She did everything like a romantic GFE or porn movie did but it just felt mechanical, there was no connection.  I only guessed that whether her life background was causing it, she told me that she was born in the melbourne outback and has just come to melbourne like in the past couple of years, never been anywhere but her own little town etc.


Anyway, a dud punt, what can you do! Everybody had that.


Will I return?  NO  you get what you paid for.


BTW I decided to write it now because backpage was out that night and I couldn't find her ad anywhere, until now, here.  Eventually I realized BP was out for good!!


