Thread Title: Ava - western suburb of Melbourne Brooklyn - 0402 650 266
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th April 2017, 05:01 AM
Poster ID: Enigma5000
Post Title: 
 Ava - western suburb of Melbourne Brooklyn - 0402 650 266
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava

Establishment : Works from Guiding Star Hotel in Brooklyn (Motel room at the back)

Date of Visit : 13/4/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 650 266 0402650266 escort reviews - 0402-650-266 pictures, rating - Melbourne escorts

Hours of Business : N/A

Rates : $120 for 30min

Age : Claims 19 but looks early 30s

Size/shape : Size 8, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

I saw a new add on Locanto for a girl in Yarraville. Ad read as follows so I decided to give it a go:





			
				"service included: Full service . 69 , mutual french .massage
toys .COB. french kiss stocking .....etc. 
friendly. unruched . dirty talk.
extra nly nat french30. golden shower 30 "
			
		

Communication was by text only. I asked for an appointment. Reply text was a repeat of Locanto add with the line "and young for sure" added. She gave me the address of the Guiding Star Hotel in Brooklyn. Instructions were to text when I arrived and She would text the room number . 

When I entered the room I found an attractive asian girl of at least 30. No where near the advertised age of 19. I wasn't too worried as I it wasn't  the advertised age that attacted me but the DFK and BBBJ. So I paid the advertised rate of $120 and she said "extra $50 for suck no condom" the locanto add said $30 but I paid it anyway. 
She told me to undress and get on the bed. I asked to shower first.

Out of the shower and onto the bed she went straight into the BBBJ. The wording of her add gave the impression that there might be some sort of foreplay so going straight for the BBBJ was a bit disappointing. She told me not to cumin her mouth. Sure. After about 30 seconds she complained that I had cum in her mouth and started spittting. I had definitely not cum so figured she was complaining about some pre-cum. She then put a condom, lubed her pussy and went to cowgirl. I complained that she was moving too quickly. "What about kissing?" So she came at me with some very light kissing -it was definitely not the 'french kiss' in the ad. But her breath stank of cigarettes so I quickly lost interest. 

She got off the cowgirl and lay back and said"you fuck me now". So I did but I really wasn't in to it. She did have a convincing fake orgasm. I probably would have believed it but she stopped half way through to re-lube her pussy. I wasn't into it and asked her to give me hand job instead. The HJ was even less inspiring and she made the mistake of thinking that pumping faster and harder would get me across the line. It didn't and I eventually gave up. She said "Why you no cum? tired hey?" I said "No, you just weren't good enough and you didn't do what I paid for" I don't think she understood. We got dressed and she prepared to give me a hug as I left the room. I refused the hug and said that I wanted my $50 back. "I paid for suck with no condom and you didn't do it" She said that she did do it. "What for 2 seconds? I want my $50 back". "You no happy?" She said. "No I'm not happy"

Then to her credit. She unbuckled my belt. Pulled my pants down around my ankles. Pushed me back onto the bed so I was sitting on the edge of the bed. She got down on her knees and started to give me a fantastic BBBJ. The situation turned from disappointment to exciting turn-on so quickly that I didn't last too long. 

She smiled and said "i'm not happy if you're not happy. Are you happy?" 
"Yep"

So I probably won't return. It was a below par experience but she did redeem herself in the end. I suspect she had had a long day and was just going through the motions.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th April 2017, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
At least she righted her wrong I guess, many wouldn't have bothered


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th April 2017, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Geelong in the title is misleading.   It is nowhere near Geelong.    Brooklyn is a western suburb of Melbourne.     Suggest mod change it to "Geelong Road, Brooklyn Vic"


