Thread Title: Avis Vermont South 0411689378
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st January 2018, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Avis Vermont South 0411689378
				
Post Content: 
Initial advertisment

? A++ service ??Exotic Princess?Discreet? cum over and find out for yourself ???? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Reply from

https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...rzc3156177574/

Person's Name : Avis

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 19 Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address:- Backpage 0411689378

Hours of Business : Variable

Rates : $130 for 30 minutes FS

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : 160cm, Medium Build, B+cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : FS.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes....READ ON

Was looking to expand on the previous successful BP punt. I contacted phone number 0411689378 and immediately got a text reply from 0423509249 I questioned the reply number, asking are you the same girl. Yes was the response. I then got a reply detailing FS available with massage etc for $130 for the standard 30 minutes. The location was the Burvale Motel, a well known local watering hole, with an attached motel. Agreed to the deal and drove to the carpark where I got the room number.

Went to the door, knocked, and waited. A minute or so later the door opens and I enter. The girl was hiding behind the door as I entered. I walked past the toilet door towards the bed and turned to see a good looking girl, mid twenties dressed in a lacy bra and panties set. Very nice package and probably the girl Avis as in the photos. I noticed that the bed looked as though it was made up but the couch had a blanket and pillow. It looked as though someone had slept on it. I spoke to Avis and communication was a little difficult. Agreed to services and I handed over the cash. I need to have a pee and went to back to the  bathroom door and Avis yells at me to stop. Sorry I need to pee. Opened the door and fuck...what do I see....another girl siting on the vanity unit. She got as much of a shock as I did, but left as I had my piss.

Back into the bedroom both girls are standing in front of me. The second girl was dressed in a pink see thru baby doll outfit no bra with black knickers. She was prettier than Avis but with smaller breasts. The two of them started to caress me and were rubbing my now hardening dick through my pants. They offered a two girl session for another $100. I did not have the extra cash and tried to negotiate for $50 but no. As I had paid for Avis, I was stuck with her.

Avis removed her lingerie and got onto the bed, indicating for me to remove my clothes. As I did, the other girl grabbed my package and Avis spoke to her. She let go and went to go back to the toilet. I stopped her and got her to sit on a chair and said watch. Both girls looked at each other and laughed. I went to the bed and got down on my knees.

Avis would not let me suck her breasts or pussy, said "More money" she lay down on her back as I knelt in front of her. I was already hard but a BBBJ got me solid, then she Domed me up. She then got her pump bottle of lube, squirted it on her fingers and stuck them into her fanny. Then more on my cock. She lay back down in mish and invited me in. As I entered her, I pushed all the way in and she let out a yelp. This was a ruse as she was so loose and sloppy that I did not feel a thing. 

I pumped away, but she remained starfish. I looked at the other girl who smiled. This has to finish soon. I pulled her up by her hips, pushed her down and finally I let go. I then lay on top of her, resting. She pushed me back and my now limp cock slipped out of her, leaving the condom inside her. She appeared angry but I smiled. 

I lay down and asked for a massage, which she did while talking to her girlfriend. She then said finish. I slowly got off the bed standing naked in front of the other girl. I then indicated. next time I will have her.

Got dressed and left. Got to the car and wondered what just happened. It twigged, the couch was the bed for the second girl....Two girls, one naked, one partly naked..me with a one hard cock and not enough money...need to see my bank manager..

Backpage ....my friend.....for now..


