Thread Title: Baby - Collins St, Melbourne CBD - 0420 939 187
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2017, 11:27 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Baby - Collins St, Melbourne CBD - 0420 939 187
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Baby

Establishment : This group is practically an establishment. Has the same apartment in William St, Collins St and sometimes uses a motel in Blackburn Road, Burwood.

Date of Visit : late Nov 2017 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??????????? ?REAL????advert ?to Aus ?REAL??vid.Virgin ??vibe ???REAL18? ???ms.BABY ???? ? ????????? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au 

Hours of Business : not sure 

Rates : $150/0.5h. Previously enquired about DATY extra $50, BBBJ/CIM extra $100. 

Age : early-mid 20's 

Size/shape : petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : nipple kissing, licking ball sack, sex in variety of positions 

Value for money/recommend? : yes / yes 

My experience/comments : The WL's with this group are always genuine and it is easy to arrange a booking. The downside is that there is practically no English and it is $150 and the service is basic. Same apartment as Mew review previously, although the other bedroom on left as you enter. Entered, WL was dressed in a close fitting Chinese jacket and shorts and looked very hot with small breasts. Paid up. Clean towel and pointed to the shower. When I came out of the shower Baby was talking to Chi Chi who was dressed in a black two piece and also looked good. Chi Chi gave me a smile and went to the bedroom. Not sure if there was another punter in there. Into room with Baby and I lie on the bed watching Baby strip off revealing a very nice body. Lie back and enjoy the cat bath, then on with dom and a bit of CBJ which was very good. Swapped positions and started in mish, then doggy which was excellent and probably should of finished in that position, but wanted to enjoy the view so back to mish then legs together and finished like that. Went to the shower taking my stuff, showered, dressed and left.


