Thread Title: Barbie - Bulleen, Melbourne - 0484010428
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th December 2016, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Barbie - Bulleen, Melbourne - 0484010428
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Barbie?

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : mid/late Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????0484010428New sexy girl arrived 2weeks holiday waiting for you sweet face ?? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business : Not sure, but probably after 11am

Rates : $120/0.5h

Age : 40's or 50's!

Size/shape : medium height, sagging

Nationality or Ethnicity : Maybe Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Although $120 is on low side, not value for money and not recommend

My experience/comments : Was out in the eastern suburbs and was keen for a punt. Dropped into Flame Angles, but line up not great so left. Although in hindsight, Alex from Oz (BBW) would have been a much better option. There were ad's on Cracker for Boxhill and others for Bulleen. Boxhill ones clearly fake and I thought the Bulleen one's were less fake and maybe even real. Finishes a couple of jobs and lined up a time for Barbie at Bulleen. Address is for a house in Maningham Road. Parked around the corner as a busy road and was a bit early so texted if ok to come in. Few minutes later, yes. Video surveillance at entry with a big sign, saying video camera. Probably a good safety measure. WL answers the door and shows me into the first room on left. Set up is exactly like a brothel with the little side table with different sized dim's, lube, tissues, etc. and cover for the action part of the bed. Hand over the $120. WL strips off red negligee thing to reveal a body nothing like that in the photos. Now that I see her face clearly (was turned away at the door) I also see WL looks nothing like the photos. Despite the ad saying 100% real, all is 100% fake. Looking back now at the text in the ad all the info is complete BS. Didn't bother with a shower to start, WL gave me a thorough clean up with wipes, applied cover and a fairly decent CBJ. Tried to stop her after a while but she kept going. Had BJ avoid FS trick done to me before so stopped her more firmly. Ad says mutual oral and 69, but wasn't interested in that. WL climbed on for a bit CG. Loose and boring so moved for doggy then mish. Had to work at it to blow. Went for a shower and WL came with me, which seemed to keep an eye on me. Must have been others in the house and she had put loud music on to cover the noise. Out of there as fast as possible. Could be a number of WL's working out of the same house.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2016, 01:56 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The ad looked and sounded too good to be true, thanks like


