Thread Title: Bec and Katie - Croydon - 0412 890 753
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2020, 11:51 PM
Poster ID: Hnhh123
Post Title: 
 Bec and Katie - Croydon - 0412 890 753
				
Post Content: 
Session Info: 13/5/20

Session: Day/Night day

Link.   https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...g-for-fun.html

Booking:35 mins $300

Did I extend No

English: Good

Hair: Long

Hair in session: flowing

Hair colour both blonde

Tatts: Didn't notice

looks, Katie attractive. Bec. Average

Skin Colour: Pale

Body: Katie slim. Bec. Wide

Breasts: Katie A Bec C

Twat appearance. Both shaved

Attire: Slut Gear

Smoker: Not Sure

Service Info (fill in detail in addition to tags)

DFK: Yes LFK

BJ: CBJ

BJ Style. Katie slow sensual. Bec Hard n fast

CIM: No

DATY: Yes on Katie

Rimming on her: No

Rimmed by her: No

Sex: Only Katie Rides hard

Eye Contact: Yes with Katie No with Bec

Any Intanible X-Factor: Katie has a ripping body

Any Annoying Habits: Yes Bec fake moaning

Shower Fun: No

Friendly: Yes

Sexual Game Plan: Bec takes control I think Katie would go with the flow

Session Description:
felt very structured 

Those were stats, now tell us your story.
This was a bucket list wish that I've now ticked off.
Booking wasn't the easiest and after a few false starts we got it done.
I was directed to a private residence in Croydon for my 35 min double booking with Bec and Katie. Cost $300.
Greeted by 2 nice youngish lady's (probs late 20s) in nice lingerie.
Was offered a shower which I accepted and upon exiting I could hear Bec and Katie already into foreplay with each other. I walked in and immediately started some LFK with Katie which was great and Bec and hands were wandering everywhere and to be honest it all became a bit blurry. What I do know is Katie is really hot and quiet and Bec is loud and controlling which was probably okay as I felt a bit overwhelmed and probably needed some direction. I remember they both gave CBJ and they now what their doing. Katie then rode me reverse cowgirl which was very hot and I fingered Bec at the same time, then Katie moved up and sat on my face while Bec sucked me off. After this I fucked Katie missionary until Bec decided to pull me off but unfortunately I couldn't get over the line and Bec lost interest and started getting dressed. I think Katie might have felt bad and she stayed lying down while I fingered her and tried to get myself finished but to no avail. It was funny as I was really turned on but felt very rushed as it was all over in about 25 mins.
I think they are nice girls but felt they (especially Bec) just wanted the $ and move me on pretty quick.
I'm an older punter (mid 50) so it was a bucket list item ticked off.
Quote  Reply


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th May 2020, 01:13 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have found a 30 min double is not so good.  you really need one hour to get the best out of it.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th May 2020, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Please use our template in future reviews,     It provides information helpful to others Who may wish to book the lady, such as contact details and location.     Links are helpful but often expire.   Title fixed.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th May 2020, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: Hnhh123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry mate will do and BTW the suburb was Croydon


