Thread Title: Beer - Doncaster VIC - 0414 842 993
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2018, 10:33 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Beer - Doncaster VIC - 0414 842 993
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Beer

Establishment : Pvt lady

Date of Visit : Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Wonderful sweets girl just visit Doncaster - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 11am +

Rates : $220p/h

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : No/No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)



Well, with Chinese New Year in full swing, the usual offerings on BP has dwindle some what. 

So the opportunity to pay a visit down in the eastern side of town came around and so once again thought I try out the reliable mob over at doncaster. A new girl was in town and i thought why not give it a try 



Usual set up was easy and parking was a lot easier this time around due to the activities around the Boxhill area.

Turns out that she was still sleeping in despite being an afternoon booking but it was only a 5min wait. Door opens and reveal a cute looking girl in glasses as per picture. She was wearing a robe, and into the room we went. Drops the robe to reveal a nice slim body but I requested a shower first because I really needed to use the bathroom. Sorted financies, and she typed back a response on her mobile to indicated everythig was GREEN TO GO back to her virtual receptionist. 



The bathroom was a total mess this time around compared to the last time, must been because of increase in business. The floor was quiet dirty with some soil or brown smudges everywhere. The washing machine was in mid cycle, and I can see there was a fair amount of towels inside. 



Back into the room I went. She preps the bed and asked me to jump on. She didn't speak much at all, and went straight into the catbath. Zero eye contact at all and then popped on the dom and into CBJ. It wasn't too bad of a technique. Again there were absolutely zero conversation and the avoidence of eye contact sort of weird me out a bit. Closed my eye and enjoyed. Then onto CG and pumped away for a bit. Before long she hops off and motion of a position changed and I took charge and went into mish. Following a couple more changes in position, I decided time to unload and go. 



The action wasn't bad as she had a very decent body and i found her attractive looking. What guy doesn't like to fuck a girl with glasses on right? But the constant need to avoid eye contact was very off putting. The fact that she yawned several times throuhgout the session was also a distraction. For all the nice things I find about her, she really makes me felt unwelcome. After the completion, she started a very decent massage on my legs. I thought things were looking up, but then there was a ringing outside and someone went to buzz someone in(?)

At this point she made a motion and drop dead right next to me. I thought perhaps she was trying to be quiet due to the activities outside. But after several minutes she just continue to lie there. She didn't close her eyes but were just looking at my arms (zero eye contact). I propped myself up and wanted to ask if she was ok. She glanced up at me with a questioning looked and I just smiled and went back down. Several minutes of awkward silence, and I seriously do not know what to say to her. I must have had a brain freeze at the time but the silence was really really loud. I felt really uncomfortable, and said fuck it. I got up again and told her that I wanted a shower. She got up and got me a towel. 



Checked the watch, and I was just over 30mins into a one hour booking. *sigh* 

Got out and there was a dude sitting there on the couch playing on his phone...wtf.??

So i walked back into the room and put my shoes on. She then got up and opened the door to show me out. 

She was still naked but were shocked that a dude was sitting outside and quickly ducked back in. 
She was like, "wtf? there's a dude outside" look. She actually seem anonyed at me for not telling here! I said, "I thought you knew"....she grabbed a towel, rapped up and walked me to the door. Said goodbye and I gtfo of there. 



From there headed straight for maccas for a large frozen coke to cool me down. 
Never have I felt so weird and like a tool in a punt before. Despite the sex being okay, for me the overall expereince was just crappy if not the worst I had. I suppose I tend to place more value in the attitude of the girl way more than the action. Psychologically this one has just bummed me out. 



Anyways, as they say, YMMV.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2018, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, mixed up the tag. 

Title should be:  Beer - Doncaster VIC - 0414842993


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd February 2018, 11:52 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is why I have gotten tired of Asian girls...there's no conversation, no eye contact, they just want to get you out the door as soon as you cum so they can wash up and get back on their phones to reply back to texts of other punters.

Not all Asian girls are like that but from my experience, over 90% of them are. 

(Not being racist, I'm half Asian myself)


