Thread Title: Bella - Melbourne CBD - 0413710068
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2020, 12:51 PM
Poster ID: kits759
Post Title: 
 Bella - Melbourne CBD - 0413710068
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Pvt Apartment

Date of Visit : Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortsandbabes.com.au/Profi...ndent/Gina003/

Phone : 0413 710 068

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $130 for 30 minutes, $20 for an extra BJ

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : GFE, BBBJ, DFK, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe, service was nice but wasn't the girl I was hoping

My experience/comments : I was really looking forward to meeting Gina, based on her breast size. When I got to the apartment, there was another girl instead. This girl's name is Bella. Bella was good looking so I decided to go ahead with it. There also seemed to be another girl working there, I didn't get a good look at her face, she wasn't Gina either. Place was a bit messy.

I wasn't asked to have a shower, she asked me to jump straight to the bed. She started of with the usual catbath while stroking me. After a minute or two she started with a BBBJ, I wasn't expecting this as the ad said BBBJ was an extra and I hadn't opted for it. BBBJ wasn't bad. She tried to deep throat which looked hot, but else it was average. This didn't go on for long and then we moved on to sex. Started of with cowgirl which didn't go on for more than minute and the fake robotic moaning started and a lot of it as well. Personally I am not a big fan of fake moaning, I would rather prefer silence. She was okay with kissing as well, again, didn't ask for extra $, this helped to stop her moaning. Mext went to missionary and then finished with doggy. Since I still had some time to kill in the city, I asked her for another round. I only had $20 on me, asked her for a BJ. She went on right to it without giving me a chance to rest, this time she was better, maybe due to pocketing the money directly to herself. After a few minutes I couldn't take it any longer, so I told her I was about to cum, as some girls might not have liked CIM. She was cool with it and kept going until I blew the load in her mouth. Just used wet wipes to clean me, again, no shower.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd February 2020, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Kits759
Not sure which apartment you went to, or if this girl is independent or working for some agency?
Most of these girls working out of apartments that are working for some agency, have no idea whats in the ad, not even the pictures.
They only seem to know they have to collect $130 and have sex with you. So best to do what you did, try it on and dont offer anymore, most of these girls as I say, would think its expected.
They are usually fly in fly out from China or Sydney, maybe Korea too, no idea?
I use one of the wechat agencies and they are extremely reliable, pictures are genuine and the service is always good. 
Their girls are certainly fly in fly out from somewhere. Rarely on the roster for more than 2 weeks.
But I have certainly read some shocking reviews about shit service, but thats right across the industry, thats why sites like this are so good.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd February 2020, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There seems to be about a 10% chance of meeting the girl in the pic, but hey punters seem to enjoy the excitement of this end of the scene.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd February 2020, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What street was the apartment in?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd February 2020, 04:10 PM
Poster ID: kits759
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Franklin street. Def didn't feel like the girl was independant, felt like she was working for an agency. I asked the girl, she said she was from Busan, Korea.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th February 2020, 03:33 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Like the Korean place I reviewed in Elizabeth St. Untidy & managed by a 3rd party with other girls in the apartment. Their modus operandi.


