Thread Title: Bella - Private - Melbourne  - 0411 776 975
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th December 2017, 12:40 PM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: 
 Bella - Private - Melbourne  - 0411 776 975
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Hotel in Lt Bourke St Melb

Date of Visit : Dec 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-KISS-GFE.html

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $100 FS

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Size 6 skinny with rock hard enhanced small b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS cbj hj

Value for money/recommend? : Not really fake pictures 

Found this ad on Locanto rang she was available so i and made a booking she sent me the address, Texted when i arrived and she replied with the room number. On entering the room i saw it was a different girl not bad looking but much slimmer with small tits i decided to stay. Started with a shower she then showered as well then into the action the usual lick of the nipples and playing with my cock i got slightly hard and she put the dom into her mouth and covered me up with her mouth. The bj was ok but lots of spitting into tissues then into 69 but no touching or daty (very nice pussy to look at though), she changed the dom before mounting in reverse cg then into missionary with no kissing, i started to lose interest and suggested a bj she changed the dom again sucked me until hard.I wanted doggy so on with another dom and doggy for a while wasn't going to cum so asked her to suck me till i finished so onto the 5th dom and she sucked me, then off with the dom and finished with a hj. I got of the bed and had to avoid a pile of used doms and half a box of used tissues.
This girl is a clean freak.







My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th December 2017, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Standard half service. Too boring and not worth the effort or cash. Thanks for the review.


