Thread Title: Blair - South Yarra - 0447 349 822
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd May 2017, 12:28 PM
Poster ID: melroyale
Post Title: 
 Blair - South Yarra - 0447 349 822
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Blair

Establishment : Works in South Yarra/Toorak area maybe CBD too

Date of Visit : Early May 2017, "after the sun goes down" 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0447349822http://melbourne.backpage.com.au/Fem...l-cbd/46599303

Hours of Business : After 6pm

Rates : $100/20 Blow n Go (She made me pay 150 but she's lowered her price already) 

Age : Claims 19 

Size/shape : Awesome tits, fit build. Only downside from what I saw was there were red scabby sores all over her back when she lifted her shirt (maybe signs of a user?)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : I had a 15 minute BnG but she does FS too. 

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV. Maybe worth trying out FS if she's actually clean.

My experience/comments : Haven't posted/punted in a long while and was really just browsing through the South Yarra section of Backpage as I was in the area. After going through many Asian ads, I saw Blair and thought that her pictures looked quite amazing really. 

Sent her a message and got a response within 20 minutes. We arranged to meet up but I expressed an urge of discretion as I'd never done a Blow n Go before. She told me to pick her up from a street just off the Prince Hwy after the sun went down. Texted her her of my arrival and waited about 10 minutes more for her to arrive. Made the mistake (not really) of keeping my doors locked and she nearly ripped open the door as I was just unlocking it. As she doesn't have her face in her ad, there's a bit of an adjustment period where I was sorta like is this even the same girl? She just didn't look quite right. Very disinterested in conversation, robotic and was straight away guiding me to areas she knows would be safe.  

Drove around for like 5 minutes and found a quite little alley way where she then asked for payment. I handed her the envelope and she immediately switched on the act. Asked if I wanted to go in the back as my car is a bit awkward with the gearstick in the front so figured, sure why not. Hopped in the back, got undressed and let her get to it. She asked if she could keep her pants on because they were tight jeans, which I didn't really care about anyway so I agreed and she pulled her shirt up just to reveal her tits. Which mind you, are incredible. She didn't take her shirt all off though which looked uncomfortable for her but in saying that, when she leaned over I saw a lot of red sores all over her back and a lot of pale skin. She dived right in with grabbing me, sucking, slurping and licking all over. After 15 seconds, she then got up to remind me not to cum in her mouth, let her know when I'm cumming and like a magician, pulled a tissue out of nowhere and handed it to me. Within about 10 minutes I let her know I was getting close and she started working faster and stroking harder to get me over the line. Tapped her on the shoulder and she pulled away as I finished. 

Once everything was settled, again I tried talking to her but she was just refusing to look in my direction or make any worthwhile convo. She seemed really fidgety and what little we spoke about. She claimed to be from the country, has no job, no evening or weekly plans to do anything, doesn't know anyone yet lives somewhere in the area, works by herself apparently... all of this made me start to wonder what it was about her that made me uneasy. I think she might be looking for a quick dollar to afford an addiction or maybe she's just really good at ignoring what she's actually doing... or even maybe I suck at conversing, whose to say. In any case, I pulled out the hand sanitizer, went to a friend's place nearby and asked to use the shower as I desperately needed one. Spent ten minutes alone scrubbing my junk just in case.

Would I recommend or go again??

Honestly, if I was just overthinking it all and she turns out to be a normal girl and clean I'd try the FS too because she looks really tight but I'd also be prepared for a list of things you can't do right off the bat. Which is kind of a put off. Her personality is lacking and her service was, well, mechanical I guess. So if you are in desperate need of getting a BBBJ the same way Blair seems to be to make a quick buck. I'd give her a go.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd May 2017, 05:56 PM
Poster ID: Thrill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the info. You mentioned her face making you confused if it was the same girl, is that because it wasn't as attractive as you were expecting? Could you please describe it? I'd rather get a blow job from a girl with a great face and avg bod over a girl with an avg face hot body any day.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th May 2017, 10:26 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
her ad says she is hosting, why did you do it in the car?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th May 2017, 01:40 PM
Poster ID: melroyale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
@Thrill - her face isn't as close to her body imo. By no means is she ugly, she just didn't bother to do make up all too nicely that day compared to the photo's that kinda show her face. 

@mikemelb - a couple weeks ago, she wasn't hosting when I had asked. She said FS was outcall and BnG services can be done in car. But has since changed and apparently has a place now. So it may be worthwhile giving her a proper go sometime!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th May 2017, 02:13 PM
Poster ID: Thrill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers for the info. I was tempted but because of the red scabs on her back, might give it a pass lol.


