Thread Title: Blake - Melbourne - 0428 648 170
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th December 2012, 06:11 PM
Poster ID: halfclover
Post Title: 
 Blake - Melbourne - 0428 648 170
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Blake

Establishment: Melbourne, outcall to my hotel room. Agent on phone supports a number of girls, quick response, accurate & honest.

Date of Visit: Dec 12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0428648170

Hours of Business: unknown

Rates:$350/hr, I paid $600 for 2 hours

Age:says under 30, my guess mid 30's

Size/shape:Slim, ~sz 10, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: PSE/GFE combo, goes the extra mile in every way, wild girl, great attitude, fun and bubbly, very conversational

My experience/comments:

Blake arrived 20 minutes late to my hotel after delays for her in getting a cab, she was apologetic and wanted me to understand that she wouldn't normally keep a client waiting - good points for that, too many girls think it is ok to keep guys waiting which irritates me greatly. She has a nice face, not incredibly beautiful but has a lovely smile and presents herself well albeit a little downmarket IMHO. Body is tidy but somewhat aged compared to the asian ladies I see more regularly. In fact she if the first caucasian girl I have seen in a while (other than a higher priced lady that I need to report back on). I placed the cash on the table in full view, she left it there uncounted/untouched for the entire session - more points for a little trust & it helped set the right tone for me. 

We undressed each other while chatting and DFK, getting hotter as the time went on. She really got into it and kept getting more aggressive as time went on, got me very hot. By the time we were naked she dropped to her knees and she started a long and deep BJ, hands free for the most part and she sucked like a Hoover. Girl knows how to give head. We switched it around some and she blew me in just about every position possible, she was in no rush but the constant attention got me ready to pop especially when she asked me to grab her hair and fuck her face - I was happy to oblige. Ended up blowing in her mouth after maybe 15 mins of action and she just kept on sucking, capturing every drop before cleaning up my cock with her mouth, a very complete service. Washed herself up afterwards thoroughly which I appreciated.

I needed a break after that but Blake wanted to carry on, she was on a mission. Once LB recovered we proceeded to fuck in just about every way way I knew how, she is the only girl I have ever fucked that was able to fuck back harder at at me when in missionary than I could, quite incredible. She ended up on top where she pounded me, came herself and urged me on to completion. To say I was drained after that was an understatement but very satisfying. 

Still had time on the clock and we lay around and just chatted for half an hour or so, she was in no rush. She asked me if I wanted her to blow me again but I was done for the night and she smiled happily - she likes to satisfy her customers! A decent experience for the cash.


