Thread Title: Bree - Melbourne - 0406 510 805
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th May 2013, 01:23 PM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: 
 Bree - Melbourne - 0406 510 805
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : bree

Establishment : outcalls/ Melbourne. 

Date of Visit : 8/05/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : locanto

Hours of Business : ask her

Rates : 250/hr full service plus extras

Age : 30+

Size/shape : 12-14

Nationality or Ethnicity : australian

Services Provided : full service plus extras

Value for money/recommend? : no 

Wanted some TLC so I see this add on locanto. Now I see a review posted by some guy, mentioning how he had this bree chic and she was super hot, gave the best gfe and was all these great things. I ask this guy for her number and he gives it to me and tells me that I'm so lucky cos he can't afford to see her too often. 
I read her add again and she has a pic of a nice body in lingerie and I call her up and we discuss money and time. BTW Her add says 25 yo, NFW. 
she rocks up at my place and I'm thinking WTF, did she send someone else? Anyway I sill invite her in and fuck her..YES I KNOW. I AM A FOOL. BUT U GUYS DON'T KNOW ME SO IM COOL WITH IT. I THINK.
trying to be nice here on describing this girl, but it might be hard. 
SO: she goes off into my bathroom and I get myself ready on the bed. She come out and here's how it is.
if you can imagine a 250kg girl and she loses weight dramatically, she gets left with these rolls off fat that is just hanging all over the place. It wasn't nice to look at o I closed my eyes and thought of marina from st kilda..most of you guys know who I mean.. She gives me a bbbj for ages, which I have to say was quite good. Then she slips on the dom and gets on top cowgirl. I opened my eyes which I shouldn't have done..
her tummy fat was bouncing everywhere. Not a good sight. I started going soft..anyway got sick of that went missionary posi and still thinking of marina and smashing her cervics I finally blow. 
Now I get off clean up and man I couldn't wait for her to leave. I felt ripped off. I know I can get better out here but I still went for it.. My fault..I should have turned her away, but sometimes my cock takes over.
WIR: no f'n way...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th May 2013, 02:03 PM
Poster ID: ausnoja
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
OOOOooo you pooor bastard  in a kind nice way tof ......


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd June 2013, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: Sean09
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Havent we all had one of those one's lol
You look at the pics thinking fuck yeah and something totally different thats aged 20 years into the future shows up


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th June 2013, 09:55 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I know how you feel, the price seems great but you end up paying for what you get.

Should have seen marina or her sister.


