Thread Title: Brooklyn Banks - Melbourne - 0459 566 677 (SMS PLEASE)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 12:25 PM
Poster ID: kpmgman
Post Title: 
 Brooklyn Banks - Melbourne - 0459 566 677 (SMS PLEASE)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Brooklyn Banks

 Establishment: Private Escort

 Date of Visit: 14/04/2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Brooklyn Banks Private Melbourne Escort

 Hours of Business: Contact Brooklyn 0459 566 677 (SMS PLEASE)

 Rates: $650 (1 hr); $950 (1.5 hrs); see ad for other rates

 Age: 25

 Size/shape: 8/Athletic

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

 Services Provided: Full Service

 Value for money/recommend?: Recommend

 My experience/comments:

I lurked around, saw Brooklyn's profile on PGs and just had to meet her.

Organised a 1 hr meeting in the morning for later in the day...great sport in Brooklyn to meet me later (6 hrs notice).

So met Brooklyn, IMHO is model material (looks I mean).
Greeted with a lovely smile.
Freshened up in the shower and then came out and Brooklyn was on the couch. Sat down next to her.
Thought that she might want to talk to break the ice but immediately attacked me with DFK, very sensual and very passionate - great surprise (jumping into DFK immediately I mean).
This went on for a while with lots of groping, touching with me getting a feel of her lovely breasts.
Then we retire to the bedroom.

DFK continues while Brooklyn takes off her dress revealing her knockout body.
DFK continues and then I manage to get the clasps of her bra removed to reveal her lovely breasts and her thong removed too.
Get a good feel, very soft even though I think enhanced (judging from how they sat when she was wearing her dress).
Brooklyn gives me a nice handjob and then we move to the bed.

That awesome DFK continues and then I pleasure Brooklyn with my fingers in her pussy...she is really enjoying that.
Then on with the dom, she climbs on for cowgirl. Her flaying around is a great sight, and she continues to enjoy herself.
We switch to missionary and then after a while I cum deep inside her.

Nice Chat to end the hour.

So yes, I did not partake in BBBJ or DATY this time around but may next time (really a time issue more than anything else for me).

So in the end, very hot looking, model material IMHO, and a very passionate service - much like the GF who shows you how much she has missed you with lots of affection after you have been separated for ions.

Would definitely recommend and will definitely make the time to see her again.


