Thread Title: Brookyln Black 0457211085
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th July 2017, 02:01 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: 
 Brookyln Black 0457211085
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooklyn Black


Establishment : 



Date of Visit : 16/06/17



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0457211085



Hours of Business : 



Rates : 250 half/hour



Age : 21



Size/shape : Slim/curvy



Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie



Services Provided : full service bbbj



Value for money/recommend? : YES



My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Also posted in PunterPlanet
Firstly I apologise for the delay in posting however I have been in the middle of moving and did not have internet access for a while (problems with Telstra) and I hate doing it on my phone.



I messaged a few girls I was interested in that morning and the only that replied promptly was Brooklyn, who was top of the list, so suited me perfectly. She was available that afternoon so I booked her for my first time standard meet of half hour.



Upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised that she was as beautiful as her pictures. As I had come from work I showered and entered her bedroom to find her waiting for me on the bed naked.



I joined her and we were both sitting up and started to French kiss slowly and gently like a couple of teenagers whilst I fondled her firm breasts. We did this for a while until I started to move down and kiss and suck on her breasts. She lay on her back and I kissed and licked between her thighs to her pussy where I spent the next 25mins making her cum over and over until her alarm went off indicating that my half hour was up. I was enjoying myself so much (as was she) that it flew past in a blink of an eye. However she did not push me out with out returning the favour and pushed me on my back, rolled on a coat and hoped on top. She felt warm and wet and started grinding herself on top of me to get herself off again. I couldn't take it anymore and grabbed her hips and pounded until I finally blew my load as well.



Some more kissing and then into the shower together to get clean. I couldn't take my eyes off her I thought she was gorgeous. Girl next door meets dirty stripper if that makes sense.



My only regret... I didn't stay longer.



WIR? Yep!



Joe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th July 2017, 02:08 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where in Vic is Brooklyn located?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th July 2017, 02:16 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


Where in Vic is Brooklyn located
"""



A search of the number comes up as Sydney


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th July 2017, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She travels between Sydney & Melbourne. Check her Twitter https://twitter.com/xbrooklynblackx?lang=en


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th July 2017, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As this review is posted in the Vic section we need a location. ie, where you saw her.


