Thread Title: Busty Bella - 0449 722 132
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th April 2011, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: blueyufg
Post Title: 
 Busty Bella - 0449 722 132
				
Post Content: 
Escort: Busty Bella

Establishment: Because Bella is a private/independent escort she does not work from an establishment all her work is done on an outcall basis to either the punter's place hotel or motel.

Website: ::::__Busty Bella__::::

Age: late 30s

Size/Shape: Size 22 with size J cup breasts

Rates: Bella's rates are $300 for 1 hour or $550 for 2 hours if you would like more information for longer periods of time please see her website.

Services: full service includes kissing, oral both ways, fisting, dress ups upon requests.  She does not allow anal sex on her but if you like she can perform anal on you.

Value for money: I highly recommend bella as i have seen her on multiple occasions and will continue to see her.  I think Bella's value for money is quite reasonable considering the service is not rushed and she is not a clock watcher.  She makes sure that all her clients are satisfied and will always ask at the start of the session what the client is looking for in the session and will make sure that she fulfils all of these requirements.  

My experience: As always Bella lives up to her expectations. On this occasion i asked for a bondage session which she was happy to oblige to. We first started by Bella arriving at my place in casual clothes and upon entering was greeted with some lovely DFK which always makes for a graet way to start the session.  We then sat down and had a chat about session and what i wanted out of it before we headed to the bedroom and i waited while Bella got changed into something a lot more revealing.  

When changed she came in and asked me to lie on my stomach whilst she tied my hands to the head of the bed and started with the bondage.  As this was my first bondage session she told me that when it got too much just to say stop and we would stop which was a little more settliing.  Bella started by spanking my arse with her bare hand a number of times and then smoothing it by grinding up against me to soothe the feeling.  She then pulled out a whip and once again after a dew lashes of the whip would grind up against me a few kisses where she had whipped me and then a few more whips.  The feeling of Bella's tits grinding up against me were making me so hard that i knew that it was almost time to stop the bondage.

We then decided to have sex in the shower which was a new experience for me so we hopped into the shower made sure the temperature was right for both of us and then Bella bent over and i started going at it in the doggy position.  The fact we had a mirror in front of us made it all the more satisfying as we could both see each other's expressions and emotions as we were leading up to the finale.  As i was about to explode Bella turned around whipped off the condom and started blowing me until i was ready to explode.  I did explode all over her magnificent breasts and we just looked at each other heavily braething and gave each other a nice long kiss.  We both got cleaned up and as the time was up i walked Bella to her car and after a few more kisses she left.

Overall the experience with Bella was fantastic again.  Despite being a little age gap between us (me being younger by a good 10 years) Bella doesn't mind and treats you just as though she would treat any of her clients.  She knows what i do and don't like and i know just the way she lkes to be treated.


