Thread Title: Cassie Nova - Melbourne (CBD) - 0425 136 682
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd November 2011, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: itt
Post Title: 
 Cassie Nova - Melbourne (CBD) - 0425 136 682
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Cassie Nova

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 29/10/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Melbourne CBD - 0425 136 682

Hours of Business: 

Rates:$400/hr

Age:Mature

Size/shape:CBJ

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian/European

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Fantastic

My experience/comments:

Cassie arrives early, we greet each other with a great big hug and a   gentle kiss on the lips. She is articulate, intelligent, witty, sexually desirable, sensuous and highly attractive.

After the conversation we are both becoming aroused and eventually it   is the first time I get to really kiss Cassie.    It is a sensuous kiss, long and deep and eventually with tongues   flicking in and out of each other. 

She goes into  the  bathroom whilst I wait on the bed for her in anticipation. she is wearing a black sexy lace bra with  matching G  string and suspenders with stockings.  I look at her and  think OMFG,  what a thing of beauty. I take off her bra to reveal a  beautiful set  of breasts. 

I begin with some DFK and then kiss and lick my way around her neck and   breasts, going back to her sensuous lips for more DFK at intervals.  I   work my way down this superb body slowly, she is really enjoying it,  and  I can notice her legs parting as my hand strokes down the outer and   inside of her legs, trying to stop myself from going to her pussy.  Every  so often I go back for more DFK, I can't help myself, and Cassie  says  you are teasing me.  I can tell she wants me to go DATY.  I  eventually  remove her G String and then slowly kiss the inner parts of  her thighs.   She has her eyes closed and is in anticipation. I then  enter my tongue  inside her and slowly start on her clit.  She makes  small groans and  moves around as she feels the sensuality of what is  happening.  It is  not long before she comes and as she does she locks  my face deep into  her and I can taste the love making juices that any  man who loves DATY  longs for.  I continue for a short while after she  comes, but I feel the  sensitivity is a bit much and then come back to  her face for more DFK.   I am rewarded with an intense kiss.  Cassie  gets her breath back and  then says it is her turn to pleasure me.  I  lay on my back and she gets  on top and starts a massage with those  fabulous breasts.  She removes my  boxers and I am rock hard, but she  continues to tease me and rub over  me and also more DFK.  She looks at  my face, she is another of those  WL's that have that oh so sexy look in  their eyes; she can see I am  literally pleading for a condom by now.   She put one on with her mouth  and then engages in some wonderful CBJ.  She does not go at it hard, it  is soft and slow and I can feel the  sensitivity of it taking hold, she  goes deeper and I start to think  that I will come if she continues much  longer.  I grab her and move her  up to me and tell her that I really  need to be inside of her.  So she  lies on her back.  With her knee  problem, it restricts the options of  positions, so we start with mish.   Now let me say this, I do not feel  like this is just sex as a paid punt,  it feels like a genuine build up  of two adults in a lovemaking session.   We begin slowly and it feels  wonderful as I look into the eyes and  face of this beautiful woman  underneath me.  We try different mish  positions, DFK, breast kissing,  her legs around the back of my head. The  tempo increases and my  excitement is building as I can feel and hear  the groans from Cassie as  I pump vigorously.  I am starting to really  get tired and losing my  breath and starting to sweat as I can feel  myself about to come.  I  tell Cassie that I am going to come and with  that she grabs by back  tightly and squeezes me tightly into her body as I  then reach my  orgasm. I pull out and then lay back to catch my breath.   I am  speechless, what can I say, this was simply fantastic lovemaking.

After a cleanup, we lay next to each other in the bed, chatting, smiling   and more and more DFK.  Whilst doing this I am stroking Cassie all  over  her body gently with my fingers. Around her breasts, tummy, arms,  legs  and between her legs.  She starts to stroke my cock, not down all  the  way, but just on the tip very gently.  It feels so erotic and I am  as  wet as.  I tell her that if she continues with this that I am going  to  come again. With that she starts to do it more and more and she  hears my  groans.  She then goes into a 69 position, and as I lick and  suck away  on her wonderful pussy she groans and ups the tempo on my  cock.She then starts to sensuously  stroke me with a  brilliant HJ.  I can feel myself about to explode  again and as she  senses my eventual orgasm she moves herself closer to  me.  I come  allover her breasts. It was massive, more so than in the  first stanza  and I can't believe it could be so intense after just  coming less than  40 minutes ago.

Another cleanup and some more DFK, then Cassie and I then get into the   shower for some fun washing and soaping and exploring each other with   more DFK.  We eventually get out and dry off and get dressed.  

Comments on personality - Outstanding -9/10
Service: - 9/10,


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2011, 09:57 AM
Poster ID: Womagz78
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I wonder if this is the same Cassie as already listed in this profile?


