Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2016, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: andres8888
Post Title: 
 Cat - Southbank/Touring - 0403 258 578
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cat

Establishment : Apartment

Date of Visit : 18/03/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403258578

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 350H 200H/H

Age : 28

Size/shape : B Cup. Short (1.60cm)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, Full Service, No Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Not at all!

Note: Fake pics 100%. Real one is ugly as hell.

Link: Top Class D cup Model Touring in Mel. Best you ever have - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com

My experience/comments : Booking was very easy. I texted her the night before and set up the meeting. Couldn't sleep much as I kept picturing myself fucking a Chinese model D cup for first time.

Next day I took a good shower and off I went to her apartment (Southbank). She texted me the apartment number, I got upstairs and knocked on the door. 4 secs later a 1.55cm 40 years old chinese opened the door and I asked about Cat (I was getting upset). The woman didn't speak any English at all and tried to calm me down by telling me: "Two girls, Two girls" pointed the room and smiled at me. She asked me for the money as we walked to the room. Then she went in and woke up another chinese (around 28 years old) nothing close to the girl on the pictures, she was ugly and her hair was a mess. I told her that wasn't the girls from the picture and asked her to see the second girl... she told me the second girl was her...

I got really upset and asked her my money back to what she refused and then escaped to the kitchen while yelling: Fuck her, fuck her, no money back. Then both of them were laughed at me.

It was getting late, I had to go to worked so I had two options: leave and lose my money or fuck that chinese girl like there was no tomorrow. So I did the second one. I made her BJ me (covered), then put her doggy style and fucked her with all my anger... I lasted 10 mins in that position and then came all over the floor (carpet of course) and bed (including pillows of course).

I was disgusted of myself, went back home took a shower... They both were really ugly looking women but I wasn't leaving that apartment without destroying something. I did destroy her pussy.

Avoid! Scam!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2016, 09:57 AM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jesus...sorry you had the bad punt. I'd say 90% of the asian ads on bp are fake...

Sent from my SM-G900I using Tapatalk


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd March 2016, 10:05 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I hope you only paid the half hour rate. I don't trust that any ads on BP have real photos, especially the Asian ones.

PS: In future right click the photo and search Google or use Tineye to find out if the photos are fake.

This one came up on several sites in China. eg: here
So it s a fake as you found out.

Also, don't blame the young girl and take out your frustration on her.  It is the mamasan scamming


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th March 2016, 07:54 AM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There's no way I wouldn't have gotten my money back, don't care what the mamasan said


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th March 2016, 10:38 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
With respect there are much better ways of dealing with these situations than treating these poor girls like shit. 
If the mamasan doesn't want to give back your money then remember they are shit scared of authority. 
Its simple really just get out your mobile and make a false call asking for detective Johnstone and give your address. They will give you your money real quick.


