Thread Title: Cathy -Private -  Melbourne CBD, Vic - 0450 139 154
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2017, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: 
 Cathy -Private -  Melbourne CBD, Vic - 0450 139 154
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cathy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 14/9/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Collins St, Melbourne - 0450 139 154 ?No fake photo ? I'm??? Cathy now in Central Hotel???Melb City Hotel 24Hrs ??0426547149 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not sure, my visit was 9 pm

Rates : $250 p/hr

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Size 8, Nice C's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Standard FS

Value for money/recommend? : Okay / Not Really

My experience/comments :

This was a backpage affair, so you probably know already how it's going to turn out.
Was in the city and finished up with mates earlier than expected.  Trawled around backpage to see if anything took my fancy and Cathy stood out.
Small buxom Asian, yes please 
Arrangement was easy, apartment was in Central City, Collins St.  
Was at the other end of town, so took a while to get there with Cathy pinging an me assuring her I was on my way.
Was told appt number on arrival and buzzed up.
All very straight forward so far, got to the door and ta-dah !!! Not the girl in the picture, surprise, surprise.
Now it's all very well to just turn around and walk and credit to all that do, but I didn't and in fact never have yet.
Hopefully I get to that stratosphere one day.
The girl was pretty enough and shapely enough you see and when you're in the mood, walking away is a big call.
Anyhow, agreed to stay for just 30 mins at $150, stripped, showered and Cathy was waiting for me on the bed.
Went to kiss and got the pull away.  Okay, maybe not her thing.
Went to daty and told I don't do.  Not even a discussion of extra $$$.
At this stage I'm naked, hard as and the money already handed over.
I just went through with a fairly vanilla session in a few positions until I blew my significant build up.
What's more to say, a standard session you can get from any of a hundred backpage offerings I'm sure.
There were definately two girls in the apartment, so maybe I lucked out and didn't get my dream girl in the pic.
Would neither return nor recommend, but I wasn't price gouged either.
Hopefully, hopefully I'll walk next time and here's cheers to all of you that do.
Maybe I'll join your ranks sooner rather than later.


