Thread Title: CeCe - Collins St, Melbourne - 0432 506318
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th January 2018, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: Cheekyguy
Post Title: 
 CeCe - Collins St, Melbourne - 0432 506318
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CeCe

Establishment : 568 Collins St, Melbourne

Date of Visit : 15 Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Various ads - most using fake pics
?Double Your Pleasure? ????????Being Kissed by Two Tongues?Jodie & Rolyne?Available Now - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au
??????New to Melbourne CBD?????????Extraordinary ?Asian 100% Real PlCS HOT BBBJ.??. ??:0432 506 318 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 30mins : $ 100, 45mins : $ 170, 60mins : $ 200

Age : 30 (ish)

Size/shape : 170cm, C Cups (GREAT rack!), slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ (+$30), COB, FS

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes / Hell Yes

My experience/comments : 

Had been to this address before (they use different apartments for different girls) and had some mixed fortune.  The mamasan looked after me last time when I said I wasn't happy so when I texted who was available and please no more fake pics . . . she texted me a pic of a hottie that I couldn't find online.  So I texted again and said was on way and to make sure that this was real as I had been stung with a bait/switch before.  "No problem, she is real" came the reply. . . . 

The girl in the pic was cute and had a great set - so when I rocked up and was shown into the room by a cute young thing - I was almost fooled into believing it was her.  Handed over the $100 for 30 and watched as she stripped down the top to reveal a tiny set of A-cups . . . at this point I was pretty pissed off.  Using my best to not offend, I put my shirt back on and tried to explain that the pic was fake so I was leaving.  She was pissed at me until I made a boobs gesture and she smiled and said 'ok, next door'.  At this point, I was introduce to CeCe - now CeCe was prob around same age (mid to late twenties at a guess) but I could tell she had a better body.  Both girls were sexy enough - but the boobs got me straight away . . . . so into the other room I head.

CeCe is from Taiwan, has long dark hair and is quite tanned.  She was very friendly from the start and after a bit of work to realise I had paid the other girl, she trots off for the cash.  Comes back in and without another word peels off the top.  Now I am a fan of boobs - and hers are just pretty damn awesome.  No more than a decent C cup I would say but they sit perfectly and just had me mesmerised as she peel down the panties to reveal a decent amount of bush.  She then helps me out of my clothes and straight up asked me if I would be interested in a natural BJ . . . she asked for $50 and I laughed, she asked for $30 and I said I couldn't as I only had another $20 (which was 100% true!).  She had a glint and winked with a 'cool' and licked my shaft before I had even had the opportunity to agree . . . . . not that I could have said no by this point.  Was very much into this girl.

The BJ was pretty spectacular - she licked me a lot, sucked a lot and was very careful to hid when she spat into a tissue after each few minutes.  I know it is their job to make you feel like they are into it (at least some do try eh!) - but CeCe well and truly gave me the impression she was having fun . . . we had a few nice french kisses and she wouldn't take no for an answer when I said I was cool with just the BJ and FS wasn't needed.  "No way" she said, "you fuck me please" as she lay back and pulled out the condom for me. 

She made me enter her slowly and asked me to take it easy claiming I had a 'big sausage' - I know my dick is normal (maybe a little thick) but every guy likes to hear this right?  Anyway, took a while to enter her fully and by the time we were pumping away and she was kissing me hard and clawing at my back - I was trying my best to arch my neck and suck on her amazing tits at the same time.  I asked her to get into doggy position and she grabbed me hard and said "I cum first" as she kissed me again.  Wasn't sure how legit or whether she just couldn't be arsed to move but I happily obliged for a while longer before pulling out . . . and that was when I saw just how much white cum she had put all over the condom and my dick!  She was biting her lip and smiling at me and I was pretty much ready to blow there and then!

We went a while longer in doggy before she slipped off the rubber and knelt in front of me for a hand job over her boobs.  She lubed a little and slowly played with me as we kissed again.  Finally, I got to blow and pretty much shot most of my load from between her tits right up to behind her ear.  Think she panicked I had hit her hair - but I quickly grabbed some tissues and started to wipe her neck and face as she continued to slowly squeeze every drop out of me.

All in all - turned into an excellent punt for me personally.  I felt a strong connection and was so pleased I hadn't just walked out immediately - sometimes it pays to be the unhappy customer I guess.

I left with a huge smile as she walked me to the door naked, kissed me at the door and said "come back and see me soon" - I made a note to text Mamasan to ask when she would be free again - I was that into it, lol.  Anyway, got back to work and totally forgot to text.  Got a text at 10.20pm that night saying "Hey baby, gonna come back and see me?".  Now how can I possible refuse that!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th January 2018, 12:49 PM
Poster ID: Cheekyguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Single man so it doesn't worry me too much but I know what you mean.  Textings can be dangerous 😂


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th January 2018, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the great review. Did she SMS you from the same mob as the ad?


