Thread Title: CeCe - Melbourne -  0452 290 923
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th January 2018, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: Dvd1800
Post Title: 
 CeCe - Melbourne -  0452 290 923
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CeCe

Establishment : private escort

Date of Visit : December 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452290923

Hours of Business : flexible

Rates : $160

Age : 28?

Size/shape : slim and sexy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Pinoy

Services Provided : all available

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : I had seen Cece's posts in the usual places for some time now but never had the chance to pay her a visit (she's not usually based in Melbourne and whenever she's been around I've been out of town). Was finally able to make it happen in December and was well worth the wait. 

First and foremost she is an absolute stunner. Given her photos I was a bit unsure as to whether I should get my hopes up but her rig is out of control. Fantastic face too, very pretty. She greeted me at the door in a see through skin tight one piece that was absolutely amazing. 

I'm more of a rnt kinda guy so went for that option. If memory serves I paid $160 for 45 mins. After sorting financials I was offered a shower then came back to the bed to find her waiting in all her naked glory. Her massage is not a massage in any meaningful way so please don't expect any special in that department, it's really just sexual the whole time (light running of her fingernails over your body, teasing your member from underneath etc) but that was fine for me. After a good 15 mins of teasing came the flip where I had access to roam her whole body minus fingering as she stroked me. Again, amazing body. She got into the 69 position so I could see her pussy (although no painting) and the sight was enough to send me over the edge. After clean up was offered round two which was just as good. 

Aside from this, she was really quite friendly, even helping me to put on my jacket etc at the end in a very gfe kinda way. Gave me a hug and a kiss and walked me to the door naked and was on my way. Will definitely hit her up again next time she's in town.


