Thread Title: Chanel - CBD - 0434 594 517
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2017, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Chanel - CBD - 0434 594 517
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chanel

Establishment : Private apartment in CBD

Date of Visit : November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sexy Blonde 29 ???? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au 0434 594 517

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $100/ quickie; $150/30 mins

Age : I would say early 30s, she claims 29, close enough

Size/shape : Chunky

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Got stood up by another WL, sitting in a cafe, and saw this ad just appear. Even though it was early in the morning I texted on the offchance, and yes, she was free.

The place she is in was not easy to get to, but she rang me and walked me through the strange building and the dodgy intercom. The system was broken, she said, I'm in my work clothes so I don't want to have to come down, I am imagining she's in frilly underwear, but no, when she gets arrives she is in corporate work clothes.

We get to the room, I pay my money for the quickie, and we chat. She's not a local, she is in Melbourne sometimes for work, and does this on the side, but only in Melbourne. Needs the money for a project, and has a high sex drive, so win-win. Hence the work clothes; after this she is off to a business meeting. There is something quite sexy about rooting someone knowing that within half an hour they are going to be in a different life... in this case the quickie suited her (as it did me), so all is well with the world.

Anyway, the details. Her body was well and truly to my liking, chunky, nice tits with sensitive nipples. Her CBJ was excellent, really good suction. We switched to 69 for a bit -- she tasted divine -- before switching back to CBJ with serious FIV. Sex was enthusiastic and honest, in a number of positions. I shot my load pumping away in doggy. She's great.

I will well and truly return, and for a longer session next time. Well worth the money; just need to keep an eye out for her ads, as she's not often in Melbourne...

Photos are genuine BTW. No bait and switch here.


Note: She does not use her name in the ad. If you do contact her, don't use her name...


