Thread Title: Cherry - CBD - 0431 078 978
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2018, 08:23 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Cherry - CBD - 0431 078 978
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Pvt Apt

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431 078 978 -- there was a web link, but it's now gone. A search on backpage for this number reveals lots of ads

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $130/30

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Slim, C-cups, nice arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : DATY, LFK, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / yes

My experience/comments : 

Genuinely appeared to be a legit ad on backpage; I texted, set up a time easily. Getting into the apartment on Flinders Lane was simple enough, and when I got there, the girl in the apartment may well have been the girl in the (now gone) ad -- there was no face, so it was hard to tell, but the body proportions all looked OK! Get into the room on a stinking hot day -- no aircon -- and sort out the financials. Cherry strips off, so do I, and we have a bit of kiss and cuddle. I start licking her nipples, and within about 3 nanoseconds of my tongue being placed on the nipple this massive (obviously fake) orgasm occurred. Oh dear, I thought.

Anyhoo, we moved onto the other breast (similar explosion), and I made my way down to DATY. This is where her fake enthusiasm subsided, and more I munched, the more she was really getting into it. She was busy directing my hands to squeeze her nipples, and when she finally came (genuine this time, both with the threat of her thighs crushing my skull, and through the lack of histrionics), she lay there, panting, and said, please, please fuck me. On went the dom, and we went for it in mish, side saddle, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, doggy plus probably several others -- it all became a bit of a blur. She is very tight, and even though is was a thick condom, I could really feel her with every stroke. In side saddle she came again, just before me.

All in all, lots of fun, OK English (we had a good chat about Taiwanese independence) and reckons she will be around for the long term. Given she's obviously being pimped, the way to tell if you have Cherry is that she has a distinctive tattoo on her left abdomen. I've never seen anything quite like it before: it looks like five or six characters from the Klingon alphabet, and also looks slightly blurry.

Cherry is well worth it -- once you get past the fake moans, and she gets into it, you have one of the best and most genuine fucks I've had in ages.

Dean.


