Thread Title: Chilli - Little Collins St, Melbourne CBD - 0426 998 266
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Chilli - Little Collins St, Melbourne CBD - 0426 998 266
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chilli

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : early April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????????????sweet like honey HOT LIKE CHILLI??SIZE5?????year old TINY baby????????????? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not sure, booking was about midday

Rates : $150/0.5h

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : petite, attractive, good personality, bit restrictive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure

Services Provided : cat bath, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : ok / yes

My experience/comments : Too many fake photos on Backpage so plan is to only make bookings with ads that have a photo with the phone number, and for the other request a selfie with the same thing. Texted, got a quick and humorous response that indicated independent and not an agency. Chilli had to shuffle her next booking to fit me it which was appreciated (apologies to the punter that was postponed 15 minutes). Last time I was at this location it was a fake that I had been previously faked by so was hoping I wasn't about to be faked by same WL for the third time. Wait in lobby thing. Lift door opens, attractive girl in nice dress pokes her head out, quick recognition and into the lift. More attractive in person than the photos! How good is that. Easy conversation in the lift with no other passengers. Wend out way to the room. Looks like Chilli is living there and said she's there for another week. As we sort out the financials Chilli just drops her shoes and dress and peels off the panties while we're chatting and wanders around the room naked chatting. Very pleasant to watch. I hope on the bed naked and she's puts some lube on her pussy, ah oh, that's not a good sign for DATY. Sure enough no DATY and no touching the pussy. Cat bath, bit of ball sucking action, on with dom, CBJ. Chilli has great B-C cup breasts and nice erect nipples. Bolt ons but done very well. After CJB Chilli hopes off and lays on her back and says something like fuck me now. So, into mish, slowly as she's fairly small and tight. Chilli kept her legs closed a bit so that I couldn't go deep. Moved to doggy and could go full length but she didn't like that so changed to side scissor, which wasn't as good as mish so I went back to that. Finished with mish with some good eye contact. Very good clean up with tissues getting every last bit out. Skipped the exit shower as was a fairly clinical session, dressed, nice hug and LFK and out the door. Probably about as good as it gets with a young attractive girl with a nice personality for $150.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 10:09 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was looking at her profile today, very tempted but no daty or pussy play is a turn off.

Thanks Like, I also think the name on the paper is the only pic that can be trusted


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th April 2017, 04:43 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ad says

I include in my price oral,kissing, role play and fetishes, all over kisses, face sitting, dry humping and rubbing, all over body massage, shower together with massage, multiple shots and positions, lots of teasing and light biting, bdsm available, golden shower, cob 
Extras are cum in mouth, bbbj Deep, cof and others you can ask STRICTLY I DONT DO ANAL OR NATURAL SEX!!! 

Face sitting should mean DATY. She might include if reminded.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th April 2017, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
True, but also sounded like she was standoffish, avoiding depth etc.


