Thread Title: Chleo - CBD - 0402 220 748
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2019, 08:53 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Chleo - CBD - 0402 220 748
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chleo

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...-FUN-24-7.html

Phone : 0402 220 748

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $100/30 mins

Age : Good question. She had the face of a 40+ year old, and the body of someone much much younger.

Size/shape : Curvy but not fat. My shape of woman

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan she claims

Services Provided : DATY, LFK, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / maybe

My experience/comments : 

At $100 for 30 minutes, it's always going to be a lottery. This time I reckon I ended up somewhere around 3rd or 2nd division win. First up, those photos in the ad are not her, but they are a fair and reasonable likeness. Bait and switch? Yes, but it's not as though there's a photo of a young hot blonde and I open the door to find a 60 yo fat Chinese MILF. 

Communications were pretty good, and she was only having me hang around a couple of minutes beyond the agreed time outside. Buzzed up to a warm and clean private apartment, and there was Chleo in a very enticing black lacy teddy, with tits spilling out and lovely curves. Shown into the bedroom, pay my $100, I enquired about extras, and the list was more limited than what is in the ad, basically BBBJ only. Decided to pass, and we both stripped off. She's got a nice set of large C or small Ds, natural, and a tattoo on her arm. Shaved down south, but a few days ago, so there was a bit of stubble there. Some LFK, mutual kissing and caressing happened, before I headed down for some muff diving, minus the muff. She really enjoyed it. SO much so that she put away her four seasons condom and pulled out one of those slim-line connies (zero, or skyn, can't remember the exact brand). Afterwards she told me that because I'd made her feel so good she wanted me to feel good too and pulled out the more expensive franger.

So far so good; nice and relaxed, no clock watching. We get into missionary, a bit of side saddle, and then doggy. At this point she urges me to hurry up. Disappointing, as it had been excellent VfM so far. Her constant carping on, "have you come yet?" put me out of the mood, so she offered to finish me off with a HJ. This was the second strike, she basically slathered my nether regions in baby oil. Yech. Finally was finished off appropriately. Then I discover no towels in the apartment, only tissues. She offered me a shower, and I asked what would I dry myself with and she handed me a roll of toilet paper. So I spent the rest of the afternoon in very oily underwear.

Positives:
Nice bod
Good English
Reasonably affectionate and thoughtful
Tight pussy
Price

Cons:
Bit of a clock watcher
Lack of towel
Photos not her (mitigated by them being reasonably accurate; the first one with the hair up could be her from 5-10 years ago)

Chleo claims to be a student here for the next three years. WIR? Yes, but would avoid the oil.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th June 2019, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As a rule i generally avoid any ads that have professional pics of models with too cheap pricing, but it sounds like you did alright.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th June 2019, 09:46 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You made me laugh Cl-dean, sorry.  Dry yourself with toilet paper 

Some of these operators are unbelievable.


