Thread Title: Chloe - North Geelong - Locanto only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 01:14 PM
Poster ID: lovehurst
Post Title: 
 Chloe - North Geelong - Locanto only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Chloe

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: December 3 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Full Body Massage, Geelong - Massages Geelong

Hours of Business: Most evenings, all weekend

Rates:$50 for half hour massage with very happy ending

Age:29-30

Size/shape:BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Massage, RNT, BBBJ, anal, greek, smiles

Value for money/recommend?: great service, great atmosphere, highly recommended AA+

My experience/comments:

I have visited Chloe, several times over the past 6 months, she is a very happy person and obviously loves what she does. 
On my first visit I was very very surprised with her massage techniques, she uses lots of oil and is nice to chat to.

she spent 15 minutes or so massaging my back and chatting, then once i rolled over the fun really began, she offered a bbbj which really got me in the mood, i asked her if she would get on her knees for me and she offered the bedroom instead, we wandered through a doorway and into the room where she sat on the bed and sucked me off.

she asked if i wanted sex and i was a bit slow at answering, she then offered me anal. OMG!! 
she knelt on the bed and presented me with her Little flower, ready for penetration.
I slowly knob fucked her A hole, only getting the tip in on every push, i could feel her relaxing and ready for a full length but i was too far gone by then and started to cum in her ass, i pulled out and filled her crack up with my cum. she jumped a little and said OMG, that was really warm.
she offered me a shower which I took just to try to remove the mountains of oil on my back.
i paid her, and she pleasantly showed me the door.

i left feeling more than fulfilled by her willingness to please and her service.
i could not recommend her more highly.

Karl


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: lovehurst
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Chalk for your feedback.

I can tell you that i received exactly what was described for 1 Pineapple ($50)
Contact can be made through her add on locanto at
Full Body Massage, Geelong - Massages Geelong


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Chloe's Locanto ad,





			
				Full Body Massage - 29

Hi. I am a BBW, I am attractive, and I am offering full body sensual massage, relaxation, deep tissue and exchange. I have 3 years experience in massage therapy and guarantee you will love my massage!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th June 2014, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: lovehurst
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey guys, just to let you know, Chloe's pricing has gone up a fair bit since I posted this.
she is currently offering her service as per her direct message to me below.

"its $70 for half an hour or $90 for the hour including full body sensual massage with mutual touching and hand relief. If you want full service its $120."

I personally think think its she is a little too pricey now seeing she isn't a licensed escort and works out of a residential address.
I can convince my wife to give me a handjob for $90.00


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th August 2014, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: chongpow
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does anyone have Chloe's contact details?  I'm heading to Geelong today with work. Would love to catch up with her. Any help appreciated.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th August 2014, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by chongpow


Does anyone have Chloe's contact details?  I'm heading to Geelong today with work. Would love to catch up with her. Any help appreciated
"""



sorry mate cant help you ..but i know her add has been missing for a couple of week now


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th August 2014, 06:50 PM
Poster ID: Squirter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$90 for the hour is a fair price, good value and $120 for full service, if only I lived in or near Geelong. Quality price.

Might have to take a day trip down to geelong with old buddy brauninc! when the weather is warmer in the summer months.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th September 2014, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Early September 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Not advertising at present - see below

Hours of Business : Ask her

Rates : $150

Age : 30-ish

Size/shape : BBW size 18 plus 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/yes

My experience/comments : Toad found Chloe's ad earlier in the year and there was something that attracted.  A chat at the time made her a definite candidate for at least a RNT next time I made it down to Geelong.  Sadly that was not to be for many months.  The opportunity came recently and though her ad was missing, I still had the number so contacted her anyway.  She told me that she is not doing massage at present (see below) but I could come around anyway - I think I suggested giving her a massage instead.

Chloe has recently had surgery for carpal tunnel syndrome, which is why she can't massage.  As it's her right hand, there are lots of things she can't do and she's frustrated.  I could sense the poor girl's need and had to help out.  A brief exploratory probe down the top of her very skimpy little black dress revealed two nipples about the consistency of an unripe plum - rock hard.  She swooned at that.  A hand between the legs found a steaming hot and wet pit of pleasure which I soon found to be adorned with rings.  She suggested we'd be more comfortable on her bed.  So off we went.

What followed was an hour of nibbling and licking, sucking and stroking, tongue and pole massage for her clit and some very deep fucking with her enormous labia wrapped around Toad's Tool.

She had clearly been missing out and came several times.  And in the wind-down, I did massage her upper back which, like her nipples, was as tight as a drum.

As for price, she left it to me, and so I gave her three pineapples.  From her reaction, that's a lot more than she expected and obviously more than some cheapskate has been giving her for what is an outstanding service.

Guys I won't be providing her contact details at this stage, because she is hampered by her injuries and not advertising.  However I suspect that any who already know her may well find she appreciates some attention.  She did assure me that she will be back, so keep an eye out for her ads on Locanto.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 15th September 2014, 08:38 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hi guys just browsing and Chloe is back on locanto and she now has a SWA number 
happy punting 
  Tiny


Floor: #10
Post Time: 22nd December 2014, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: sainterbob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw her last week & took $70 half massage. Fingered her until she came & then came rubbing my cock just above her cunt. She is so responsive and loves to be touched. She is moving to Belmont soon away from Corio which she finds too rough.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 23rd December 2014, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sainterbob


Saw her last week & took $70 half massage. Fingered her until she came & then came rubbing my cock just above her cunt. She is so responsive and loves to be touched. She is moving to Belmont soon away from Corio which she finds too rough
"""



stbob, about time you took the trouble to post a complete Review using the template rather than just these two line comments posing as a review. It is a long time since you have made one.


