Thread Title: Christie - Melbourne - 0476 459 145
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th March 2015, 07:55 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Christie - Melbourne - 0476 459 145
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christie

Establishment : Private apt

Date of Visit : 26 Mar 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : FIRST TIME in Melbourne hot sexy young Asian girl - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $200/0.5h, $300/h

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : medium, toned firm body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure, maybe Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : My last few outings have been disappointing and wasn't approaching today with a lot of optimism. Sent off a couple of texts on the way to work. No replies for a couple of hours. Sent of another three to different girls. No reply to those either. Sent of another two after checking for recent ad's on Cracker. Ah, a reply from Christie. Ok, she looked a bit on the too hot and sexy side for me, but oh well, no other options. So, time arranged and I head off. Apt building corner of Flinders St and Katherine Place, with the entry off Katherine Place. Getting in is a bit tricky as you need to use the intercom from outside, and once release that allows the lift to go to the floor. There were to concierge people there and they let me in, but then the lift wouldn't go to the floor. Also, which button to push after the apt number is not easy to work out - it's the top right one. Christie opens the door, relief, the photos are 100% genuine and she is totally hot dressed in a sexy lacy body hugging... negligee thing. Nice clean apt with lighting well set up. Sort out the money, $200 for 0.5 hour. Great value I'm thinking as my last outing was $250 for 14 minutes and this girl is much hotter. Strip off and Christie asks me to have a shower, ok, happy to do that. Plenty of clean folded white towels. Christie also has a shower but doesn't want to get her long hair wet so shower separately. Christie puts out a little pair of white towel slippers as we dry off. Head to be bedroom. Standing, bit of play and her kissing my nipples and nice touching. Lie down on the bed where Christie has laid out a clean towel. No rushing which is great. Puts the dom on and does great CBJ. I ask about 69, no sorry, oh well. Stopped after a bit and worked through all the usual positions to find out which one was the best. Christie has a great body, beautiful little shaved pussy and fantastic perky breast with erect nipples. Clean up. Shower again. Dress. Back to the office with a smile. Not that I've had much experience, but the best punt so far. I'm still smiling.

WIR: Absolutely. Is two days in a row too much!

FIRST TIME in Melbourne hot sexy young Asian girl - 21
Posted: Thursday, 26 March 2015, 10:12 AM



Enlarge Picture
Enlarge Picture
Enlarge Picture
Enlarge Picture
Enlarge Picture




Hi there my name is Christie I'm a beautiful young sexy Asian girl here to excite you beyond your wildest dreams.

Come see me today and let me take you on a journey full of exotic sensational experiences that will have you wanting to come back to see me many times over, I am put simply the best and I love what I do as much as you will love receiving what I provide. 

DON'T THINKING ABOUT IT JUST TEXT ME NOW FOR YOUR CHANCE TO EXPERIENCE THE THRILL AND BLISS OF THE CUTEST ASAIN IN MELBOURNE. 

Full services available for your pleasure price 300.00 1 hour or 200.00 half hour

Please contact me on TEXT ONLY
100% real pictures. 
0476459145 Thanks Christie xx p.s please note that no natural services offered.
Poster's age: 21

• Location: Melbourne

• Post ID: 6918180 melbourne


