Thread Title: CiCi - Blackburn Vic - 0404 613 254
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th June 2019, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: aussieco
Post Title: 
 CiCi - Blackburn Vic - 0404 613 254
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CiCi

Establishment : Unit

Date of Visit : 13th June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...sage-More.html

Phone : 0404613254

Hours of Business : 10 - late

Rates : $130

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Smoking Hot Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ full service

Value for money/recommend? : maybe

My experience/comments : Thought I would check this ad out and sent a text. They were available and I was only 15 mins away. In a private street in Blackburn and saw a dodgy asian dude waiting down the road behind a block of mailboxes looking up the street and constantly checking his phone and watching cars go by. He walked up past the address I was given and saw me and then tried to duck out of site. strange behaviour. anyways finally got a text of which unit and a picture of the front door - sms said please knock. Up to the front door and a knock and hear walking and talking inside.
The door opens just a crack enough for me to get in and there she was, waiting behind the door completely starkers. FUK !!! what a ripping bod on this girl. she laughed the fact she was nude and showed me to the main bedroom. I was expecting a nuru stlye body slide for $100 and she asked how long. I said 30 mins and she want $130. I thought for that price it has to be full service and was happy with what I was looking at so handed over some hard earned. She has a stunning body with absolutely no fat and good c cups and a tiny shaved spadger. She said get undressed and I'll be back. She came back a few minutes later still starkers and I thought great lets get into it. She asked if I could wait for 2 but no more than 3 minutes. NO problem if you need to lube up or empty your twinky I'll be here.

A few minutes later a different girl entered the room. sorry cant remember her name because I am still thinking about CiCi.  I thought the old switcheroo and was about to say send CiCi back the fact she was nuded up she was clearly already busy in a booking and there was no-one else to answer the door. 

On further investigation this new girl wasn't too bad either, reasonably young but massive jugs !! I thought well why not. She also said could I wait a few minutes as she needed to get something. she left the room and as I had a look around there was a Gigantic box of frangers half hanging out of the drawer and lots of wipes. Anyway she comes back in and gets those massive jugs out of the tightest little top she was wearing and slips off what looked like skin tight athletic shorts with nothing underneath. she had a flat belly massive jugs and also a shaved pussy. (must have a home visit wax service). She asks me to lay down and with the expertise of an oyster shucker, has a condom on my limp dick and proceeds to suck the blood into its veins through the condom. (she obviously practices with sucking golf balls through garden hoses).  within seconds I'm hard and she goes to town with a very thorough blow job. I think she was actually trying to get me across the line with this alone but I wasn't playing her game. she says you go on top, a bit of missionary and I oblige. she has a lovely tight pussy and it was great pounding away watching those giant tits of hers moving around like uncontained buckets of jelly. grabbing a couple of handfuls it was actually pretty good. These were great tits and all natural. she was truly blessed when standing in line. 
Her acting however wasn't convincing enough for the logies and she overdid it a bit for me but obviously it must have worked.

a few more pumps and I've had enough of the condom already and she did seem in a bit of a hurry. she offered a handy to finish up and I was happy with that. She did a very good handjob and she was now sitting next to me but leaning over the top of me so I could still play with those great tits and a finger on her spadger giving her lubed button a bit of a workout.

A bit more moaning from her and her pussy feeling very nice and juicy it was time for me to try out a medal and see how high I can shoot. 

A few cleanup wipes and into the tiny plastic bag used as a rubbish bin and she says thank you and heads off. I am left to get dressed and while putting my shoes on CiCi appears now in a dressing gown. I thought she came to say hello again but no, she is letting another punter into the bedroom so he can use the ensuite. Really ???  no excuse me can poncho here take a quick dump in your ensuite ? no eye contact but as I am still getting dressed another knock on the door. This guy gets shown into another room and my girl comes back in still starkers (that's actually made my day that both of these girls had no issue showing off their nice bods. Anyway I am guessing at this stage that all the bases (bedrooms) are loaded and punters still knocking on the front door. FUK. busy place.

She says thankyou to me and gives me a peck and shows me the front door. as she opens it FUK there's another prick wanting to come in. This place is way too busy and must be advertising in the right place as the street is now full of cars that weren't there a half hour earlier. No wonder she was in a hurry. At this rate they are doing 10 an hour ! x 8 = $20k in a day ? maybe it is a new contest between private shops.

It was a good experience and I really would like to go back and try CiCi but not if it is just production line. I have a lot of other places to try first.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th June 2019, 05:40 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by aussieco


I thought she came to say hello again but no, she is letting another punter into the bedroom so he can use the ensuite. Really ???  no excuse me can poncho here take a quick dump in your ensuite 
"""



Dear Fellow Punters
Please note; That is PONCHO not PANCHO.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th June 2019, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by pancho


Dear Fellow Punters
Please note; That is PONCHO not PANCHO
"""



Welcome back Pancho.


