Thread Title: Cindy - Box Hill - 0487 007 894
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2018, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: shigeok
Post Title: 
 Cindy - Box Hill - 0487 007 894
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/12/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto

Phone : 0487 007 894

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $250 an hour 

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : short but fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : China Chinese

Services Provided : Full service and massage

Value for money/recommend? : Nope, advertised herself as a Japanese but was too eager to release and went ahead with it but will not return for the second time.

My experience/comments : 

Head to her place in Box Hill roughly around 10pm after getting an confirmation. Was expecting a japanese as advertised on Locanto but got bait and switch with a chinese lady in her early 30s. Was actually expecting this but just allowed my small head to take over my instinct. 

Laid on the bed and went straight for action. She started off with a CBJ and was nothing to shout about. As both of us were stark naked, laid down on the mattress and started to use my fingers to played with her pussy. surprised that it was already dripping wet down there.without further hesitation, inserted my rock hard dick inside her. still tight and started fucking sideways.
however she was too skinny and felt her bone grinding against me, which was less pleasurable.


Changed to missionary and pounded her hard and fast. as usual, she has a wide range of moans and expressions to make u cum faster. but old man won't surrender so easily.


turned her over for doggy laid-down. covered her head with the pillow to suppress the moans. this position is more comfortable as her ass is a good cushion.
and with that, managed to fucked her real good for around 10 mins. she knew that i was cumming and removed the pillow to look at me with her tongue sticking out while my cum was shooting deep inside her with a condom of course.


