Thread Title: Cindy - Moonee ponds - 0424 652 387
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th February 2020, 09:06 PM
Poster ID: Chupacabra
Post Title: 
 Cindy - Moonee ponds - 0424 652 387
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy???  Fake name 

Establishment : private escort group bullshit 

Date of Visit : 8/02/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/Profile/VIC/Essendon/Escort-Agency/privategirlgroup2/

Phone :0424652387

Hours of Business : 10:00 until late 

Rates : $140 for 30  mins 

Age : late 45's to 50's

Size/shape : milf 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : fs

Value for money/recommend? : no.... 

My experience/comments :  well here we go again decided To give this escort group a go.  I knew not good looking ladies but I wanted to have some itchy release. I was driving to see my hairdresser when I saw this punter heading to the address that I knew was coming back  later after my hair cut. Text the number above and got apartment number. I got a sexy picture of this beautiful Asian lady fake fake Still continue with my determination to give this group of escort bullshit. Rang intercom here we go..  Bingo!!!fuck milf lady maybe when she was young different story. Stayed on..  Went to the room straight to sucking cock with condom trying to get me hard. Not bad but too milfy for me..  Kinda turned off. She started kissed my nipple to get me hard but was losing interest. Then she jumped on me and rode me on.,making fake moans which didn't help at all. I fucked really hard for more than 15 mins  but still not even close to come. Requested doggy style but she said no. Her phone started making noise texting after texting  Fuck this shit couldn't concentrate my dick was loosing interest. Finally we tried 🐶 style but she was texting back and making moaning noise Fake ones . That is it lost energy and my dick went sleep again.  Fck!???  She tried to give me hj but no way not connection.  I got tired just wanted to leave. Everything put me off her body lots of bruise on ass chic. Really busy working lady. After 20 mins decided to leave paying $130 without climax..   Not coming back.. I was trying to avoid massage parlour bullshit high prices but these escorts ladies fck!!!  Liars..


