Thread Title: Claire - Melbourne CBD - 0407 968 730
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th February 2016, 10:47 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: 
 Claire - Melbourne CBD - 0407 968 730
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Claire

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : CLAIRE - Treat Yourself - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com (0407968730)

Hours of Business : night time

Rates : $250 half hour

Age : 21

Size/shape : slim size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS BBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I was working a late shift in the city and was going to get out a bit early, so I texted a few girls from BP & Loc hoping 1 would get at least one reply. Thankfully I did, unfortunately 1 didn't DFK and the other didn't BBJ so off the list. Then I got a reply from Claire who I had wanted to see since her Club140 days.

So a few texts exchanged and half hour set up, mainly because I had to make it home at a reasonable time.

When I got there I was greeted by a beautiful young lady who was well spoken and intelligent. she made me feel right at home and we started by kissing and then stripping off into the shower together where we washed each other and I was treated to a lovely BJ. after some more kissing we got out and dried off. We went to the bedroom and lay next to each other embracing and kissing some more, she has beautiful soft plump lips. Some more BJ then it was my turn to return the favour. After enjoying my late night snack Claire mounted me, Lazy for me I know but I love the sight of a beautiful woman on top especially when they have lovely big boobs. Claire rode me to a climax and then we lay down next to each other and kissed some more.

We kissed, cuddled and chatted for ages and I never felt rushed or pushed to leave. I actually said a couple of times that I had gone over time and she said she was enjoying my company and cuddles. Claire is very intelligent and studying at Uni. We actually had a lot in common as my back ground is in the same field and we chatted until I force myself to leave her arms so I could get home.

I'm glad I finally got to meet her.

Joe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th February 2016, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sorry forgot to put contact number in title. never used a MAC before and still fumbling through it.


