Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st October 2015, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Cleo Divine/ Lila Payne - Melbourne CBD - 0487 425 938
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cleo Divine

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : July 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0487 425 938 | https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/cleo-divine

Hours of Business : 12pm - 12am

Rates : $350/hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : size 12, H cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I came across Cleo's ads online and was instantly smitten by her lovely laughing eyes.  And big beautiful breasts.  I texted her on impulse, even though she was above my usual price range, and before I had time to reconsider, she promptly called me.  If I had any doubts, her confident feminine voice and utterly professional phone manner assuaged them completely.  The hard part was enduring the next 10 hours of work-related commitments.

Finally, I found myself at a swanky city apartment in the arms of a voluptuous, sexy young woman and I knew I'd made the right call.  Cleo was charming, vivacious and erotic at exactly the right times.  Her creamy white bosoms and bottom, along with her pretty pink pussy, might have been the obvious assets and highlights of the evening, but what really got me off were those smiling brown eyes staring back at me as she sucked my cock or as I fucked her or as she fingered my date.  

Cleo has a very sensitive clit so she instructed me exactly how to use my tongue on her (no flicks with the point, hold it flat against her) to elicit an orgasm.  Playing with her huge natural rack was a highlight for sure and she seemed to enjoy having her breasts kneaded, her nipples licked and sucked.  Cleo's demeanour subtly altered from the demure damsel who greeted me to a dominant dame when she assumed control of my arse for a while, then back to a submissive slut urging me to empty my load on her boobs.

Afterwards, a leisurely shower for two followed and she presented as a really nice person with a refreshingly mature attitude for a young WL, as well as being a sexy courtesan.  If I had more in the punting budget, I could definitely see myself visiting her on a more regular basis whenever I venture south of the border.  Alas, her rates seem to have risen to $400/hr now so that's even less likely.  A rare treat perhaps.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2016, 08:44 PM
Poster ID: Mogreen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She has now changed her name to Lila payne and is doing cam shows also now.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th January 2016, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://www.lilapayne.com/aboutlilapayne


