Thread Title: Coco...Bundoora....0422 843 158
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st May 2018, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Coco...Bundoora....0422 843 158
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address : 1091 Plenty Rd Bundoora Tel. 0422 843 158

There are others advertising the same phone number but I saw Coco....

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till late

Rates : $120 for 30 mins

Age : Late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : Tall, medium build, Small Breasts, 5 Tattoos, long hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

With the downfall of BP and Cracker, I searched Locanto for a gig. (When typing up this post, I checked for the Advert. It is now listed as invalid- suggest that you use Phone No for contact). I was going to be in the Northland area and found a likely suspect in Bundoora. Arranged appointment for the following day. Got the address and headed in the right direction, with room number to be supplied on arrival. 

The address 1091 Plenty Rd was for the Parc View Appartments, next to the Hotel of the same name. Parked, got the room number and another message "My last customer is taking a shower then he will leave. I will let you know when he leave"  Fuck I hope she has had a wash or clean out as well ! Then the bullshit of codes, codes not working etc. Finally got to the room.  

Door opened, and the usual, she was hiding behind the door. Entered and turned around to see her. Tall, long hair, dressed in a black bra and g string. It looked as though she lives in the apartment as there was food and cooking appliances in the kitchenette. Showed me into the bedroom, with a red lace netting covering over the bedside table lamp which gave the impression of lighting in a brothel. (I removed this covering so I could have a good look at her in 'real light'). 

Asked for the money, 30 mins at $120. She then left, hid the money and returned. Came back and walked straight to me and started to remove my clothes. Whoa...wait a minute. I tried to start a conversation, but alas...you know it...no English. Coco then produced the infallible phone/translator. Me speak, she listen, she talk I read....yeah...I told her what I wanted and she nodded. She went to her undies draw and got a pair of crutchless white frillies, and a matching 1/2 cup bra. She dressed up and it was a really good look. She paraded and posed in the mirrored sliding wardrobe door. Back to the bed and she lays down and gets a condom and says "Fuck". No not yet. I indicate that I want to chew on the pussy and she leans over and gets a bottle of mouthwash off the bedside table. Pours a cap full and offers me a gargle, drink and swill. Good stuff.

Coco then lies on her back, I kneel on the floor and slide the front opening of the knickers apart and begin my meal...After a few minutes, I indicate that I want to plough her. She doms  me up, I get her to turn into doggie and I stand behind her. She guides me in and slowly the pace increases. She matches my thrusts and I look at the mirror. She is watching closely and smiling. I then insert my left thumb into her freckle and start to massage her butthole. No restriction. The pace gets faster, she clenches her pussy muscles and I am done. I collapse onto her back and slide out. Opps...I leave the Dom behind...she panics, stands up and crouches down to pull it out. 

She gives me a wet one to clean up and I do. Coco then goes to the toilet and I hear a flush...there goes my DNA....down the toilet...

I dress and she comes back and removes her underwear. I thinking she will give it to me as a souvenir , but no. She puts on a dressing gown, shows me to the door and I'm gone.

WIR....yes


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st May 2018, 05:56 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haha, well there ya go. There are 2 stages of this development completed and a third, Laureate, put on hold until all the apartments from stage 2 are sold. The missus and I have been looking at plans and prices of the 3rd stage over the past 3 months. Nice to know I wont have far to go for some action if we buy there. Just tell the missus I am going for a walk in Bundoora par, duck in and see Coco, back home, job done.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st May 2018, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Wollee



... Then the bullshit of codes, codes not working etc. Finally got to the room
"""
  


Been there many-a-time! It amazes me, especially for these new buildings, how many of them have got non-functional security systems. I attended on place in Elizabeth St which had been open two weeks and the damned thing didn't work!






 Originally Posted by Wollee


... with a red lace netting covering over the bedside table lamp which gave the impression of lighting in a brothel. (I removed this covering so I could have a good look at her in 'real light'). ...


I do exactly the same thing. It hides a multitude of sins, those covers, and also detracts from the visual enjoyment you get with a lovely young thing bouncing away above you.

I used to work with a lady who in a previous life had managed a brothel (this was in a *very* straight-laced workplace), and told me the full reason behind the red light... another good reason to remove these covers.

Dean


