Thread Title: Coco - South Clayton - 0410 660 618
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th March 2020, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: 
 Coco - South Clayton - 0410 660 618
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : Friday 13 March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...OOD-GIRLx.html

Phone :0410 660 618

Hours of Business : 10am - 

Rates : $100 - 20 minutes, $130 for 30 minutes

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : Medium build, enjoys her food but not fat, nice C boobs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
As you will see on locanto there are a few girls advertising with the same phone number. Jenny, Lucy etc. I made an appt got the address in a new estate in south Clayton off Main Road and made a time.  When i arrived she texted me the apartment no and up I went.  She has a one bedroom apartment and sleeps in the lounge with a pull down.  As pass through the front door you go through the bathroom en-suite door to the bedroom - there is a curtain blocking off the lounge room - strange design.

I hand over two pineapples for 20 mins and strip off as she does.  I am thinking she is Chinese and her English is very limited. She has a very nice set of full C cups and as it turns out great pussy with little lips.  She lies down beside me and she massages my cock after cleaning it with wipes and gets little head up.  On with the dom and starts a Ferrari speed blow job with her head bouncing up and down quickly, then she hits a snag and her teeth start rubbing so I slow her down and its now enjoyable and Im ready for the main event.  She applied too much lube and I easily slip in, however its not as tight as it looks.  We start in MISH then switch to doggy and I think she might do anal as there is plenty to see there. Seems touching her nipples is off agenda. I blow my load and extract and we start to clean up.  She is lying on the side of the bed wiping puss and gives me a great view.

She then hands some wipes but because of the amount of lube, I go to the bathroom and clean roger in the sink.  Then she passes out bathroom towels - damn would have had a shower but I've cleaned up.  I dry off and she jumps into the shower.  Has a quick shower and I enjoy looking at her nicely shaped boobs. I ask her what days she works and she says I am leaving in three months but couldn't get the days. I think she might work in sunshine somewhere but not sure. When she says she is returning to Japan in 3 months, I start chatting to her in Japanese (extremely basic) then arigato and I'm off.

She does not like her nipples being touched and also no fingers in the snatch only condoms - bit of a disappointment. Enjoyable but she needs to warm up a bit.  

WIR: fair priced punt but might try another day.


