Thread Title: Coco - Tarneit - Wechat
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th November 2017, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: Mick Shager
Post Title: 
 Coco - Tarneit - Wechat
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit :17/11/17 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : WeChat: chocolatelover2017

Hours of Business :unsure 

Rates :$100/30 

Age : 25

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Jamaican

Services Provided :Massage and FS 

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

I meet this girl on WeChat under the ID of chocolatelover2017.
She is in Tarneit Vic. We agreed on a time and she sent me her address with the instructions to ring once I'm outside. All good.
I rang on arrival and went to the front door of a nice little suburban house. When I got to the door she opened it dressed in a black dress with sunglasses on which she kept on the whole time.
She took me to a room and I gave her the $100 for 30 minutes. She told me to leave my gear on the chair and she would be back. In the room was a double bed with a towel spread on it. a Fan heater and desk an chair.
I stripped and waited for her to return.
When she came back in she told me to lay on my front and she positioned my arms down my side and commenced a reasonable massage for about 20 minutes while she was fully clothed. I asked if she was going to get naked and she assured me she would.

When she finished the back massage, she produced a condom and asked me to stand. I though she was going to go straight into a CBJ and I said, Hey I thought you where going to get naked. She said that I really didnt want to she her naked as it wasn't a pretty site and at that time I realised that she although she still had stocking on, she wasn't wearing any knickers.

I pushd her on her back on the bed and spread her legs and gave the pussy a bit of a licking. I think she enjoyed it. She wouldn't take her gear off or expose her tits saying hey were sore. 
I continued DATY for a while and she appeared to cum at which time she got up and indicate that we would go at it Doggy style. Oh Well so be it.
She had the usual Jamaican big arse and I slipped in Doggy and kept it up until I dropped a load.

She showed me to the shower and helped me wash off any signs of oil which was nice but I wouldn't go back.
The dark glasses stay on the whole time lol


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd November 2017, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It doesn't sound enticing enough for me to consider. Ive been looking for another black lady for some time.
I will say one of the most pleasant experiences I have ever had was with an African girl, regrettably I cant remember her name, who worked out of a dingy flat in Bentleigh I think it was then moved to Highett near Woolies a bit of an upscale apartment. Unfortunately she seems to have quit the game but she was seriously stacked with an Amazonian body. Ahhh memories.


