Thread Title: Corinne - Geelong - Reply via Locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th November 2015, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: sainterbob
Post Title: 
 Corinne - Geelong - Reply via Locanto
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Corinne

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 9/11/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://geelong.locanto.com.au/ID_607...the-stars.html
Hours of Business : 

Rates : 120 half hour (160 to include CIM)

Age : 26

Size/shape : size 13 curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : DFK, fingering, BBBJ with CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments

For once a good Locanto story. Alluring ad, especially with picture on earlier versions. Reverse image search didn’t bring up match but I remained sceptical, but still went ahead and made booking. After booking noticed via other ads on Locanto that she is in financial difficulty. As a result I imagined someone well over 26 claimed and fairly rough, considered cancelling but thought I would try her, she got back after a day. Communicated only by Locanto messages. Arranged to meet at Newton golf course with quiet car parks. Very pleasantly surprised when she turned up in SUV with space in back seat and really was 26, brunette, friendly with nice tits and wedding ring. Went with her to secluded location where we made out. Finger-fucked her, deep French kissing, and came in her mouth which she swallowed. Will definitely book her again to fuck.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st December 2015, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: Wilhelmas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not quite the most accurate description , but certainly a nice girl.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd December 2015, 02:44 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Wilhelmas


Not quite the most accurate description , but certainly a nice girl
"""



When did you see her Wilhemlas? I cannot find your review, in fact you have not made a complying reviews for over a year.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th December 2015, 12:47 PM
Poster ID: Wilhelmas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw her last week WOTAN010
Yes I get lazy and not do reveiws - I do appoloigise


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th December 2015, 03:08 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just to refresh your memory Wilhelmas, Bronze members need to post 4 template reviews per year to maintain their status. You have just over 3 weeks to get some runs on the board. If your membership is downgraded you will have to start from scratch again to get access to the Forum.

nextlife


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st December 2015, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: Wilhelmas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Corine

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 8/11/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://geelong.locanto.com.au/ID_607...the-stars.html

Hours of Business : after 8pm

Rates : $120 for 30 min full service

Age : around 25

Size/shape : Very large

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : No.....

My experience/comments :  Firsty .......This was car fun through locanto .....To me the most dangerous activity in punting ....anything could happen.
Unlike me to do this , I stick to the parlours & incall privates etc .....
Anyway - got allured by the "Above" post and to be honst thats how I found her.....
The post was positive so I jumped on locanto and messeged her.
Contact was easy and a time was arranged and that was all fine.
A footy ground car park in Geelong was arranged....
We meet and firstly i must say had i not checked my locanto messeges on the meeting time as to what car I was in - it may not have happned , she didmt want to communicate via phone...
Anyway she shows up (Not quite in a uopdated SUV) But a beaton up old Range Rover 70's - stickers of palces all over Australia , massive CB Antenna and a huge roo bar and spot lights on top of car...had to have been her fellas unit.....
Not exactly the most easiest vehicle to hide in a car park.
I suggested we go in my smaller sedan and go to a more secluded area.
We did....
She was very heavy and over weight - mind you and nice enough person - not ugly but no model.
She smelt like vomit - she said her younder infant was sick with a gastro during the day so she had been attending to it all day.
She jump in my back seat wearing an oversized windsheater and tights with runners....
Look again I stress she was a nice enough person ...but I got turned off ....she started rubbing my jeans , she said lets get these off , she took her top and bra off to reveal ...simply massive boobs - just too big.
Anyway she took out the old fella put a condom on and started blowing me - I came - didnt want the full servcie , I didnt even get her pants off or get to that stage.
I was happy with that 
we cleaned up and chatted and dropped her at her car said goodbye.

Dangerous for all kinds of reasons.....
But not saying to stay away as i guess that attracts some
Just an experiance that i may not do again ....


