Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th August 2015, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: exprovic
Post Title: 
 Courtney Massage - Airport West / Sth Melb - 0447 275 334
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Courtney

Establishment : Various - works from motels of convenience. I saw her in a motel in Sydney rd Coburg.  Her ads say Airport West

Date of Visit : 2/8/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0447275334 http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_5054572...chine-xxx.html

Hours of Business : 24/7 I think

Rates : wanted $120 for 30 mins RNT, got her down to 100 for 15 mins full service.

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : All

Value for money/recommend? : poor

My experience/comments : 

Found her ad on locanto and thought what they heck give it a go.  She looks attractive enough on the photo's and I think it is her, all be it some time ago - BEFORE SHE GOT ON ICE!  Anyway I was directed to a dodgy motel on Sydney Rd Coburg near the Fawkner cemetery. When I walked in the room and the room smelled of smoke and she was drinking a stubby of VB.  She was also wearing about 10 layers of clothing too.  Anyway, after the negotiation was done.  I stripped and she stripped.  She was quite skinny with A cup tits but a lovely little shaved pussy with pouting labia.  She was so uninterested that I was having trouble barring up.  Eventually I basically stuffed it in to her limp and it finally came to life.  It was a classic star fish root missionary, but she had a lovely little wet twat so I had no trouble coming after a Few mins.  I basically just wanted to get it over and done with and get out of there before her ice fucked boyfriend turned up.  All in all it was pretty lousy and she was clearly on ice and had the shakes a bit while I was fucking her.  One to probably avoid I think.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th December 2015, 04:13 AM
Poster ID: twong19
Post Title: 
 Courtney - South Melbourne - 0447 275 334
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Courtney

Establishment :  Private Apartment

Date of Visit : Nov 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.locanto.com.au/by/courtneysmassage/c1f373/ 0447275334

Hours of Business : Any time agreed

Rates : $70-200

Age : 23

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided :  Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO

 My experience/comments : 
Wanted a BBBJ, agreed and paid for it, she came up with all kinds of excuses to not suck my meat and stroked me until I eventually came with her mouth nowhere near. Insisted for keeping all the money. She's quite pretty and cute but very bad service.
Blonde, petite, young, pretty and cute. However she didn't seem to be having a clear mind.
The place is her actual home and is an apartment. Super messy. There is no word in the English language that can describe that.
I didn't notice anything wrong because communication beforehand was all done by texting, except a very brief phone call for telling me how to get to the apartment unit. I rang the door bell and she opened. I have to say I didn't expect her to be this pretty, to the point that I'd say the photos are misleading but she also looked kind of cool. I didn't mind it though. As I entered the place, WOW! Just WOW! What happened there must be WWIII. So we climbed through all obstacles and finally reached the bed, she asked me what I wanted and I said bbbj cim. $150 was agreed and paid. She stripped herself straight away but then said she wanted to go get her cup of tea. I started to notice that she was looking sleepy for some reason but I didn't take it too seriously, I simply thought she didn't sleep the whole night. I was wrong. She came back in and I started to notice more. She kept sniffing and scratching the back of her ear repeatedly and at the same time she started stroking me quite quickly as if I was about to cum. A good few minutes went by and I couldn't resist but to ask if she was going to suck it. She said yes but came up with a lame excuse of not having saliva in her mouth. I went there when I was quite tired so before I could hold my cum, I came. She cleaned me up gently with tissue (this is the only good bit) and that was it. I asked her if she was still going to charge me the same as she only gave me a handjob. She insisted that she would keep the money and I didn't argue with her because I wanted to go away before I get into any trouble. She said she would have saliva next time but I haven't been back and don't think I will, to be safe.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th December 2015, 09:42 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The first review would have put me off, you are a brave man to try her out twong19


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th December 2015, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: twong19
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It would've put me off too. I didn't read any review before going to her. BIG mistake!


