Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th April 2010, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: bbt
Post Title: 
 Cristal Hot-Babe - Melbourne - 0488 181 808 / cristal-hotbabe@lycos.com
				
Post Content: 
I was a regular of cristal at Butterflys and was told about Sensual Downunder from another forum and when I came over and mentioned it to Cristal she said that she was coming onboard as an advertiser, I thought awesome.

When she told me she had her PCA I wanted to tee up a 'private' booking with her. We had seen each other on and off for a number of months and thought what the hell, lets catch up privately.

I arranged a nice hotel room at the Hilton Hotel in Melbourne and right on time the lovely Cristal turns up in a long overcoat.

It didnt take long and she was all over me on the couch and the coat was stripped of to show the most stunning blonde with an amazing body. She is a tiny little thing, around 5 ft 3 or 4 with awesome D Boobs and the amazing blonde hair, long and sexy.

She looks at me, comes over and gives me the biggest DFK that I have ever received. She pushes me back onto the chair, and mounted up on my lap, facing me and started kissing me, my lips, my neck, my chest, OMG I was so horny for this girl.

We shared a couple of glasses of wine, and then decided to move into the spa. She loves a spa. The spa filled, and the kissing continued in the spa, she has an amazing body and knows how to use it. She loves DATY, and was standing up over me and I had the best view, while I licked and sucked this sweet tasting pussy.

She played with me and had me hard in minutes, looked at me, and said she wanted that in her mouth. So over to the bed we went, 'raincoat' on, and then some totally amazing CBJ. Cristal gives the most amazing BJ which makes you think you dont actually have a condom on.

Then on she gets. This girl is insatiable. She loves sex, all positions, all places. She has to cum or she isnt satisfied, and once she is sorted, she does everything to get you sorted out also.

We both came hard, she wanted me to cum on her body, so I agreed and came hard. She loved it.. into the shower we went to clean up. time for a break.

We lay down and chatted for a while, eating strawberries and chocolate, and drinking more wine, while watching Melbourne go by.

Round 2 was even more amazing. This time, we used the food in our playing. Cristal loves to have chocolate and strawberries all over her and loves it even more, me eating it off her.

She also loves eating the chocolate of my nipples and fingers.. all this made me hard again, on went the raincoat and some heavy sex ensued.

All in all - this girl is amazing, stunning, sexy, horny and wont take no for an answer.

Would I see her again - shit yeah !!

We do have to apologize to the hotel though, it all got rather heavy, and we spilt two glasses of red wine all over the floor and bed sheets and mattress.

Cristal, thank you babe, had a great time, cant wait to the next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th April 2010, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi bbt and thanks for posting that review. Great reading material.

How do people get in touch with her?

Cheers,

s.o.o.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th June 2010, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: DiscoWes
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I believe Cristal can be reached at cristal-hotbabe@lycos.com

She has also moved from Butterfly's of Blackburn and is now working at the Grosvenor in Collingwood starting this week.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th December 2013, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone been to one of Cristal's Wet 'n Wild parties? Wondering where to post my review?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th December 2013, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have booked in to see Cristal next week and am a little scared  

Will review if I survive, but all contact details can be found on www.cristaldownunder.com


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st December 2013, 10:14 AM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bugger, Cristal cancelled on me and re-scheduling for Jan.  

Guess I'll have to find an alternative method to pass my time


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st December 2013, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: Dan_syd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cristals wet n wild parties are excellent.  I attended one early 2013 and I posted my review "walk on the would side" section ( if I remember right)
Hope she does more WnW in Sydney as tflying to Melbourne just for it is a pain


Floor: #8
Post Time: 8th February 2014, 02:43 AM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah, her cancelling more often than not tends to rub !!!


Floor: #9
Post Time: 19th September 2016, 12:27 AM
Poster ID: tonyd3
Post Title: 
 Cristal (threesome) - St Kilda - 0488 181 808
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cristal Hot babe 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 29/07/2016


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://twitter.com/CristalHotbabe 0488181808


Hours of Business : By appointment only


Rates : $500 for 3 hours special 


Age : Look late 20s or mid 30s


Size/shape : D& D cup , slutiest shape you might find around  


Nationality or Ethnicity : Manchester England ,  MU fan


Services Provided : Anything you fancy , from crazy deep throat to deep Anal , food sex specialty , bondage ( only domixtric tho ) , 

Value for money/recommend? : What else on Earth should stop you ? Well wife aside .... 

My experience/comments :

Booking with Cristal was crazily hard . You had to email her Agent and well depostied some money . I guessed that fair for being so highly demand , many of us around lol .
But a nice surprise , Cristal always seems fair and fun . My 1st booking with her and been delay/cancel 2 times however the remendy was a double gang bang with Paig ( her regular play mate ) for free ...
Honestly I was shocked that I gonna be eaten by 2 slut at once on my 1st attempts .
Well thats 3 hours to go and will there be any of me left ?
Lucky I book her at a nice hotel with a spa so there sometimes to steaming off .
She surprised me with her collection of toys , wait did I mention she borugh a Big LUGGAGE ? full of STUFF ?
Food , sex toys , costumne ... well you named it , some of which i'm sure longer than my arm ... holy ....
Her specialty is magic .... making your HAND disappear in her puss ... well a newbie like me can do ! Im sure theres nothign stoping you !
We begin with pretty crazy kissing , and well I felt like king in the bed , while really worry for my manhood below , being sucked deep throat , ball licking like crazy by the 2 girls .
It amazingly fun how they doing it with passion , I promise it a different feeling . You find one you paid to do the job and one doingit because they love it , you will feel the intensity .
Well Then goes the magic part ... I successfully performed disappeared both ahnds into 2 puss .... thank god my life full filled ... wait thats not the end we then fuck till the bed wet ... in ssquirt .... Cristal specialise in that too .... if it not mesy .. im sure it not cristal ...Then a spa to steam off a little then well .... food play !Normally you would have to pick food or sex  right ? but no ... not today , you fucked in creamy chocolate ,banana ... ...and god .... what come out her puss ...Then we come out had a nice chat , why ? idk fucked again till the end of time ..Sadly cristal ahd to left on time for her next appoitnment but it was a wild ride 
sorry this review booked with cristal thus i reviewed more of cristal than paig but ... i was ahving a threesome .... I think i'm still alive some sort thats all


