Thread Title: Crissy - South Yarra - 0473 537 977
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2016, 12:54 AM
Poster ID: dorren96
Post Title: 
 Crissy - South Yarra - 0473 537 977
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : European Crissy

Establishment : Private (Sth Yarra)

Date of Visit : 26th April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0473 537 977     http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...an-Crissy.html

Hours of Business : 10am til late

Rates : $250 p/h

Age : 29

Size/shape : Curvy (size 14-16)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hungarian

Services Provided : BBBJ, massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

After scouring the classifieds for a few days, I decided to take a punt on European Crissy from Locanto. The pictures on her ads looked good, but in real life she was a little bigger than I had expected. That aside, she's a reasonably attractive woman, so I though what the hell.

Contact with her was a bit of an effort. I had to call her 3 times as her phone rang out. On the last attempt, she sent me back an sms with her service details and fees. After a few more back and forth sms's we set a time for 2pm and she provided me with her address in South Yarra.

Parking was easy and plentiful and I turned up at 2pm on the dot. She buzzed me into her apartment block and after I found her place, knocked on the door. She opened the door with her head sticking out to the side and when I got inside she was wearing a pink lace number. After closing the door we spoke a few hello and how are you, etc and then took care of business. Upon handing her an envelope with the agreed amount she offered me a shower whilst she got the bed ready. The apartment was tiny with pretty much everything she owned in it against the walls and falling out of cupboards, but it was clean and comfortable.

After my shower, I lay on the bed and she started off with the massage. Normally, this would be at the end, but she started it and it seemed like it went on forever. It felt like she was talking about everything and anything just to kill the time, but after a while, she asked me to flip over so she could continue the massage. It didn't take long for her to start a bbbj which was good without being exceptional.

She had nice soft skin and was cleanly waxed where it needed to be. After a bit of 69, she put on the rain coat and started some cowgirl. She was very tight and had good sized boobs which found myself enjoying immensely, but i was having trouble telling if they were enhanced or not. If they were, it was a pretty good result because it was hard to pick otherwise. After a few minutes of CG, she moved to doggy and then mish. I found out during the mish that she doesn't do kissing at all, but we push on nonetheless!

Before I came, I told her that I wanted a bit more bbbj but she said that she doesn't do CIM. I said fine and she went to work. After a while, I could feel myself ready and I told her that I was going to cum, however, she kept up the bbbj despite her looking at me when I warned her. Suddenly, I exploded in her mouth which she immediately spat back out all over my cock and continued to man handle me until i went soft. She didn't look too happy, but I did warn her, so I wasn't being devious in any way.

After that she pretty much jumped up and started to clean me up and indicated to the shower. I washed and got dressed and was quickly ushered out the door.

I looked at my watch and it was basically on the hour, so she had obviously been watching the clock in our session. Whilst it wasn't a bad experience, I don't think i'd rush back anytime soon. In retrospect it felt like at least half the session was wasted with the massage and small talk.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th June 2016, 11:39 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review, I have often wondered what she was like.  Pretty sure she use to go under a different name, but I can't think of it now.

EDIT:, found this old ad:

http://australia.backpage.com/Female...37-977/5456124

also another name:

Sexy Adult Escort Tina is Waiting For Your Call In South Yarra | Australia Lips Escort


The reason I put these here, she may have already been reviewed.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th June 2016, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She uses the same phone number in all her ads under different names, and I cant any other reviews of her with that number on here.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th June 2016, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: dorren96
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah, they're both her going by the description, but photos in the backpage ad are definitely not her.

I think that those photos are pretty old because she is definitely bigger than a size 12. At least a 14-16. Everything else about the ad is fairly accurate though.


