Thread Title: Diana - CBD - 0481 296 747
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd February 2018, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Diana - CBD - 0481 296 747
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Diana

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Phone above or ?$50 OFF SALE? Huge E Cup Boobs ?SEXY AUSSIE BABE? Diana? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $250/30 mins -- special meant I got $50 off, so $200/30 all up

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Zaftig. Her tits were enormous. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian.

Services Provided : DFK, CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe.

My experience/comments : 

Making an appointment with Diana was easy, as was getting to see her, so all good there. The ad says the photos have not been touched up, and that is correct -- what you see is what you get, although she was more inked than the photos suggest. A very pretty face, got the financials sorted, and undressed. Diana was extremely accommodating, asking what I liked, and what I was after (in this case, a more GFE which plenty of kissing). Diana enjoys having her nipples licked and sucked, and I was more than happy to oblige. The first five minutes consisted of me lying on the bed, her leaning over me so I could feast on her tits and then me fingering her wet pussy. She did some sensuous caressing of my cock whilst we were kissing, and then I moved down to DATY. She genuinely got off on this; and orgasmed.

She then domed me up, and performed an excellent CBJ before shifting to some 69, and then moving her self down for reverse cowgirl. After a bit she twisted around for cowgirl, then mish, then side saddle, before ending in doggy. Those breasts were amazing, so we ended up with some Spanish.

We got a caring, busty Aussie, at a rate not too far above Asian market rate, with stunning tits, and a love of DATY. All good, so why the maybe rating?

Don't want to sound rude or mean, but she stank of BO. It put a real dampener of the entire session. If it were not for the BO, she'd be a regular of mine whenever she's in Melbourne (she's  FIFO form Sydney). The DATY was a bit odd too -- she's used some kind of personal hygiene spray there, and it tasted like one of those joke jelly beans that are the baby wipes flavour. 

WIR? Yes, but I would politely insist on her having a shower (happy for it to be shared). There are no extras beyond what I have mentioned in this review. 

Dean.


