Thread Title: Diana - Melbourne CBD - 0484 233 988
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st May 2016, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: andres8888
Post Title: 
 Diana - Melbourne CBD - 0484 233 988
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Diana

Establishment : Hotel CBD

Date of Visit : April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 100% real photo High Class ?Anal princess Great service 0484233988 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

SHE LIVES IN SYDNEY BUT TOURS TO MELBOURNE

Hours of Business : 10 to 10

Rates : 300 h/h

Age : 28

Size/shape : Fit, Amazing. Body:9/10. Face 8/10

Nationality or Ethnicity : She says Korean but I think Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES!

My experience/comments : I decided to spend $300 for h/h and it was just worth it.

Contact was easy and smooth. She was in an ok hotel in the CBD. She was late 15 mins and I had to wait.. I pulled my phone out and checked her pics again before meeting the real thing. She looks hot on those pictures.

She texted me she was ready I went upstairs... she opened the door and I was satisfied with what I saw. She looks just like her photos, they are real. Her body is much better than her face. I am not saying she is ugly but she looks a bit manly... I am sure she is a girl, in other forums people say she might be a guy, but I checked her pussy, hands and feet in detail and she is definitely a woman.

I took a shower, went to the room and she was waiting for me in a nice underwear set (black and high heels as I requested).  She has an amazing body and her skin in really soft and nice to touch. It is clear that she exercises regularly.

I removed her bra and her breast are huge (fake but beautiful). In other forum people says she has a post operation scar underneath her breast and I was expecting something terrible, but it is a black line about 5 cm long which wasn't a problem at all for me. Her boobs are beautiful and I told her so.

I kissed those beautiful breast, we moved to the classic and good old bbbj (well executed) then fucked in different positions.

She is a nice girl, she put a lot of effort to please me until the last minute. She claims to be Korean and some people (including me doubt it). I think she is Thai. Maybe one of her parents is Korean but she looks like something in between.

The only turn off was the kissing... she doesn't open her mouth at all but I didn't care much at the end because her breath wasn't the best. I don't judge her... she sucks dicks the whole day after all.

I would recommend her my friends...she is pretty hot but she should charge $250 h/h tough... $300 is a bit too much in my opinion. If she lower her price, I would repeat more than once for sure

I hope this helps.


