Thread Title: Ellie - Melbourne - 0434 825 132
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th October 2010, 08:26 AM
Poster ID: outoftowner
Post Title: 
 Ellie - Melbourne - 0434 825 132
				
Post Content: 
Hi,

I'm from Melbourne and a newbie

My preference is for private girls who work out of their own apartments and who either offer full service or a simple RnT style service.

Found a new girl in the CBD. near king st
her name is Ellie, age i'm guessing about 23 to 25.
half chinese and half thai.
those who have seen her before will recognize her from the blemish on the RHS of her face between her eye and ear.
Body, nice B cup firm and perky breasts.
Body shape, slim with a really small and cute bum.
she has a nice smile and her greeting was warm and friendly

service offered ranges from RnT to full service.
Visited Ellie yesterday for 1/2 hour
I wanted full service but she declined after she pulled down by undies and took a look at my cock. i'm not saying it's huge or anything like that. it's very average in size.
i just think she took the easy option out and only wanted to provide a RnT service.

about her service, well she's weird.
she kept asking me if i wanted to be her boyfriend.
i think this is her way of of offering what she thinks is a GFE?
anyway her service was poor. very bad RnT method and poor massage technique.
basically a waste of time..
i got sick of her asking me if i wanted her to be her boyfriend and i finally said to her "why would i want to have a girl in your line of work as my girlfriend"
she was taken aback by this response and she completed the deed as quickly as possible and i was out of there in a flash.

won't be back....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th October 2010, 08:25 AM
Poster ID: outoftowner
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cost for half hours was $160.
and it was very poor value for money


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th November 2010, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: edb123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I agree with the above comments, she was fairly annoying to deal with, however! it should be noted that this girl does provide the full service and she is quiet good at it also  my guess is you did not follow some simple rules!! it should be noted that if you wish to get the most from a working girl there is a few rules to work it in your favor! 3 golden rules (in my opinion);

- be clean & hygienic (don't turn up looking/smelling like a homeless person)
- be respectful (don't like something, politely and tactfully request for her to refrain)
- do not spend time negotiating price (if they want you back, to keep "clean clients" they offer discounts *trust me*)

there is a lot to be gained from the above, cheaper visits, preferential treatment with times & availabilities & better service!!! to name a few...


