Thread Title: Ellie - Melbourne - 0435 814 579
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2020, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: berlin.alf35
Post Title: 
 Ellie - Melbourne - 0435 814 579
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ellie

Establishment :  Private Escort

Date of Visit : November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ded-Ellie.html

Phone : 0435814579

Hours of Business : day time

Rates : $350/hr

Age : 27

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full services

Value for money/recommend? : yes for sure

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Tired of Asian W/L poor service, I tend to filter my Locanto searches now with "Aussie" and that's how I found Ellie.
Fired of a quick text one day to arrange a meet. Ellie also works a regular job so her schedule is a bit mixed from time to time and may not respond straight away.
We finally agree on a day & time and she gives me a rough location to head to. Upon arrival a quick text to get the actual address and we're on.
Greeted at the door by Ellie wearing a short robe, she looks the goods, but I would say her photos are a little "filtered", but still worth a punt IMO.
Off to the room and we talk about what I'm there for and I had over my donation in the name of the ball draining fund ($200 30min FS)
She kneels on the bed and we're doing some light kissing and heavy petting that gets deeper and heavier while I am disrobing.
Short break for me to fully undress and she looses the robe and what was underneath (not much) to reveal a nice little body, slightly smaller tits than I expected from the photos but a nice handful none the less.
We lay on the bed for some more kissing and fondling before she goes for the BJ (covered), which is not what I was expecting but couldn't recall if her ad said BBBJ or not and it's on now and still feels great anyway. She goes at it for a wile with us changing positions a few times (me standing, her on the bed, me laying, her inbetween my legs etc.) before we decide it's time to fuck. And fuck we did. A few position changes and all going well so far with some chatter. Into mish so I can watch her tits while I unload and we're all done in about 20mins.
I clean up with a few wet wipes and we chat some more about work and life while I get dressed.
As I'm getting dressed she tells me about her housemate Jasmine who has just entered the game and is killing it. Finish up with a peck on the cheek and I'm back to work with a pep in my step.
Back in the car I do a quick locanto search for Jasmine and soon see why she's killing it. I booked with Jasmine a while later and have posted a review already.
Might have to see if a 3-some is on the cards with these two
WIR? Yes, pretty likely, and hopefully with Jasmine too.
Happy punting lads


