Thread Title: Emerald & Taylor - Melbourne - 0457 905 632
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2011, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: 
 Emerald & Taylor - Melbourne - 0457 905 632
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emerald & Taylor

Establishment : My home

Date of Visit : October 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home - Spreading her Naughty Little Wings 

Hours of Business :  See Site

Rates : See Site

Age : 23

Size/shape : 8 Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : MFF Bi Double

Value for money/recommend? : Great Value / Highly recommended

My experience/comments : 


Bi-Licious + Cock Birthday

Some Punters have a “Wingman” I have Emerald, so when she heard that I hadn’t made any HOT plans for my upcoming birthday, she wouldn’t hear of it. Kind of lucky that I let that one slip out, eh? We got to talking about another 3SUM, with the Full Bi Double, I really can’t remember how the conversation went in that direction. but since we have dabbled in this activity before, it was always going to happen again, only this time we would play at my place (Emerald has her PCA). She knows what I like and an arrangement was agreed to happen in a couple days.

Emerald and Taylor arrived and we had a friendly chat. I didn’t want them to feel they needed a script, so I suggested to just do what feels good and then keep doing it. We munched on chocolates and boosted our fluid levels with a drink. I got the mood music going {boom chicka, chicka boom chicka} as they prepared for the night ahead. I was indeed ready for them..... boom chicka, chicka boom chicka 

They made their entrance, both in beautiful Lingerie, Emerald in Black G and bra, and Taylor in red boyleg and bra.... Just beautiful..... I had also requested Emerald to have her hair tied up. These 2 vixens looked hot, VERY HOT!!!! It has been a long while since I had been with either of these 2 ladys, but we were instantly comfortable with each other. Like old friends.

We convened near the bed, A modified, enlarged bed moved to the floor in the living room to suit the 3 of us with plenty of room for movement...... , and began kissing and stroking and fondling, while we all stripped each other. Our movements became more and more intense, as we made it to the bed, with me as the “meat” in their sandwich.... With us all now kneeling, Taylor begins on me, blowing me, while Emerald is kissing and licking me all over. Taylors efforts are definitely having the desired effect. She really knows what she is doing!! All the while, Emerald and I are playing with each other. Things are really starting to heat up between the 3 of us. Emerald and Taylor swap positions and my knees start to tremble. These 2 are really going to do a number on me. 

After a couple position changes, I now have Emerald on her back, with Taylor going down on her, really going to town actually....... and me stroking Emeralds lovely body, while she is sucking me. Taylor is really doing a good job on her too, and I see its a good time to get myself out of her mouth before she does some damage to me.... hahaha. Suddenly, Emerald lets go with the first of many explosions of the night, as Taylor really pushes all those buttons, and more..... Nice....

I think its about time Taylor got some attention, so I lay her back and begin on her, while Emerald gets back to work on me. We never reached the “Holy Trinity” of 3somes, but that really wasn’t missed... After much effort, I just cant seem to get Taylor over that line, like I have before, though she does get oh so close, so many times..... All the while, Emerald has my cock in her mouth and is getting greedy. I actually have to get her to pause a few times as she almost gets me over time and time again. If there is one thing Emerald has, its an ace up her sleeve when it comes to blowjobs. Her CBJ is well practiced and perfected.

Taylor gets me on my back so she can get to work on me again, while Emerald kneels by my side and strokes me all over, I move her into reverse Queen and start on her. Taylor takes that as her chance to mount me in cowgirl, riding away, grinding and bouncing. I really know how to push Emeralds buttons, and pretty soon, she is going off. All the while, Taylor is using her pussy muscles to cause all sorts of sensations on me. Im glad I have the distraction of Emeralds sweet pussy, or I wouldnt last too long like this. I have been in this position a few times and I can tell you, It is just awesome to hear 2 ladys going off at the same time. 

A quik position change sees me behind Emerald in doggy, really going for it, while Taylor attends to herself with “ole shaky” We go at it like animals for quite some time, with Emerald biting the pillows. Its all becoming too much as I explode inside Emerald, but remaining somewhat hard, as I continue till Emerald lets go again, Seems this is also enough for Taylor as she also reached a desired result...... Wow!!


Time for a bit of a break, and a quik drink. We are all pretty spent, and need air... haha. We move outside with some drinks, and relax a bit, chating about this and that. Before long, we are ready for round 2.

We join on the bed again, once again back to the beginning, kissing and stroking, rubbing and playing. Im ready in no time, as they are. I take Taylor in doggy and we go at it for what seems like an eternity. Emerald is lying next to us masterbating as she watch us intently. I decide that I should be doing that for her, so I replace her fingers with mine. She loves it when I do that.... I really know just what to do with her.

So with me pumping harder and harder into Taylor, with Emerald watching and me playing, Emerald shakes and groans as she lets go with another huge orgasm. All the while im not missing a beat on Taylor. I am insistent to get her off this time, and sure enough, with a smile on Emeralds face (as she can see whats about to happen) im rewarded for my efforts as Taylor pulls me away just before she erupts to prevent her wetness from going everywhere. Its not long before im inside her again and continuing in her, and much to Emeralds joy, I have Taylor writhing again as she, yet again, explodes. I can really feel the moisture all over me as she finishes.... completely spent.

Well, Im not quite finished yet, so in a quik movement, and a swift dom change, I mount Emerald in Mish, and start going on her. We go at it pretty hard, and we wind up off the edge of the bed, with her head on the floor, I put one of her legs over my shoulder and really start pounding. Its all becoming too much for her as she yet again lets go with another orgasm, which just seems to continue and continue, as im not letting up. Eventually, I let her off as I pull out, with an evil grin on my face.... hehe.

Back onto the bed, Emerald goes back to work on me. Her BJ skills are indeed great. A feeling that is enhanced by her hand movements, as she deep throats, with her twirling tongue seeming to have a mind of its own. She seems to have endless energy when it comes to her BJ, never letting up till I ask her to. And it isn’t too long before its nearly time, so I get her to lie back as I finish all over her beautiful D cups and belly, another huge load..... The intensity actually gave me a headache.......

We all collapse back, and just take in what has transpired. It was certainly an intense session. One defiantly worthy of a birthday celebration. We clean up and shower, freshening up and just reminiscing about the nights action. It was all we could have hoped for, and more. Beyond all expectations. 


Without a doubt, these 2 ladys are a LOT of fun. And as a last minute decision, it was defiantly a winner. Thank you Emerald and Taylor for making my birthday one that will be remembered for a long time yet.


Rupe


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th October 2011, 10:46 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice birthday present. I don't feel bad about giving you nothing now


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th October 2011, 01:03 PM
Poster ID: Banjo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tell us the price son, Tell us the Price??

If we book them do we have to come to your place??


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th October 2011, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: emerald.butterfly23
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We were more than happy to give you the best birthday present this side of town Rup ! Was pretty obvious that we all had more than your average Wednesday night's worth of fun LOL


