Thread Title: Emmie - Reservoir - 0478 105 719
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th November 2019, 08:27 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Emmie - Reservoir - 0478 105 719
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emmie

Establishment : Motel in Reservoir

Date of Visit : 5 November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ssage-F-S.html

Phone : 0478105719

Hours of Business : 24Hrs???

Rates : $80 20 Minutes 

Age : 40??????

Size/shape : Good body c+ tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ad said Fillipino, she said Thai, could have been anything. Only looked part Asian to me?

Services Provided : F/S

Value for money/recommend? : No No No

My experience/comments : This will be short and sweet. Possibly the worst punt I have ever had with possibly the ugliest prostitute I have paid good money to root.
Had a spare hour on cup day while the missus was shopping.
Did a quick look on Locanto and decided on this ad as she said she was in a motel in Reservoir on Mahoneys road, quick and easy for me to get to and get back home again before I was missed.
Followed the text trail to the motel, and room number, knocked, and nearly bolted when I saw her.
Not real pretty, good body and tits though so I decided to stay.
I gave her $80 as per the ad and as per the agreement in the text messages. Haha, she looked at me as if I was stupid and said more not enough for sex. I showed her the text messages, she reluctantly agreed after I took the money back and told her I was going then. (In hindsight I should have walked.)
Fucked her quickly and got out of there.
When I was checking Locanto later that night I noticed several identical ads with different suburbs, different nationalities, different girls names, same pricing structure, and exactly the same bullshit.
Not sure if its the same girl with several ads, or several girls controlled by a syndicate but in my opinion it is shonky as shit.
The ad I responded to said Emmie in Reservoir. The ad I posted today says Emmie in Noble Park so fuck knows?
It goes without saying, the photos in the ads are not real.
Beware.


