Thread Title: Estelle and Ellie - Melbourne - 0421 462 912
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st January 2012, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: 
 Estelle and Ellie - Melbourne - 0421 462 912
				
Post Content: 
Dynamic Duo - Estelle and Ellie
Done by Ruprect
When I first met Estelle and Ellie, I was rendered speechless. Their beauty really took my breath away. When I did strike up a conversation with them, I found them to be very natural and easy to get along with. They seemed genuinely happy. Conversation with them puts me at ease and I was really getting the idea in my head that I just had to see one of these lovely young ladies. But as time went on, I just couldn’t make up my mind which of them I wanted to see. 

Then October rolls around and they release a taste test special. Well, my mind was made up now..... I didn’t have to decide anymore. I was going to see them both. I have always had a fantasy about being with two ladies, but not just any two ladies, two lovers. And that is the difference with Estelle and Ellie. They are a genuine couple. The more I thought about it, the more right it felt. I contacted them about this and we worked out a time when we could all get together. With the details sorted, it was now time to play the waiting game....

I made one request too, that they abstain from all physical contact in the day or two leading up to the booking. And that their first embrace will be with the 3 of us together. Well, was I ever in luck!!! It’s actually been weeks since they felt each other’s tender touch. Ok, I made two requests, but I'm not going to reveal what it was other than to say they were happy to oblige, and oblige they did. Oh my did they ever....... Wow. 

A couple things manage to get in our way in the lead up, and Ellie had to take a few weeks off work. So we juggle the dates and work out a better time to suit us all. I believe this has worked in my favour too. I'm their first booking back. In fact, an hour before the booking, I get a message from Essie saying, and I quote "You better be on top of your game. This is the first time Ellie has been back at work. She is ready to unleash!!!" ... No pressure Rupe, It's just another booking..... Well, that's what I kept trying to convince myself of.....

Its about time now. I make sure everything is in order, which it is. Third time I have checked now.... The incense is burning and I get some background music playing..... All set. And then there is what I have been waiting for, a knock at the door. Estelle and Ellie have arrived. And wow, what a sight. They look just beautiful. Estelle with her big smile is in a beautiful lemon summer dress, nearly see through..... ok, not nearly.... Ellie with her striking blue eyes has a short tight blue dress on. They both look absolutely stunning. Its obvious this is going to me a night to remember. We embrace and say our hellos. They have brought dinner with them too. In a picnic basket is some Thai food and a bottle of French champagne. We sit and pour some drinks and serve the food and eat. We share a good laugh about some things and generally catch up. With dinner done, Essie announces she needs to get changed for a dance she has prepared for me. She has a Belly Dancing background and has prepared a routine for me to some of my favourite music. Metallica

While she is gone, Ellie takes the opportunity to get more familiar with me. We embrace and kiss deeply. Her kisses are beautiful, deep, and tender. Wow, we went into our own little world...... We just kept kissing, exploring, fondling.... Has time sat still?? 

Essie returns jingling with the belly dancers costume.... could hear her all the way up the hall..... Hahaha. Ellie and I get more comfortable on the couch and with the music set, Essie enters, and begins. She really has been working hard on this dance, and it showed. Metallica is not made for dancing so to choreograph a belly dance to it must have been hard. All the while, Ellie is getting more and more turned on, and while watching Essie, she is feeling me up.... rubbing me through my pants. Mini Me is also getting pretty turned on too, from the kiss’s, the rubbing and the belly dance.... Essie’s dance followed all the beat changes, and all the timing to the letter. It really was a provocative dance, almost crossing into a lap dance..... 

As the song finishes, Ellie turns it up a notch. She just couldn’t wait another second and climbed on my lap and we kissed deeply again. I see Essie move behind Ellie and begin undressing her. We find our way to our feet and Ellie’s dress drops to the ground. The three of us passionately kiss, all together. Tongues and hands are roaming everywhere. I stand back a little and let the girls at each other. This is after all the first chance they have had. And the passion is just intense. After a minute of this, Essie drags me in and kisses me while Ellie goes about ridding Essie of her costume. 

And then it’s just me that is dressed. They pounce, both kissing intently, while they quickly strip me. I’m in another world now. I’m kissing Essie as I feel Mini Me getting some attention of his own. Ellie has taken him in her mouth. Stroking and sucking.Essie continues to caress me as she is biting my ears and neck, moving to my nipples and gradually joins Ellie on her knees. Both of them really go to work on me. They are kissing each other while kissing and licking me, both working my shaft, and taking turns to engulf me. While one is sucking, the other is working my balls. And they are both making sure to look into my eyes while doing their thing. It’s at about this point my eyes begin rolling back in my head..... How long can I stand this for? Ellie stands and kisses me passionately, leaving Essie to deep throat me. I hear her gagging as she takes me all the way down. My knees are starting to tremble. Ellie’s and I are stroking each other. Our passion is getting to new heights. She returns to her knees with Essie and once again, both go down on me, both in unison. I really don’t know if I can stand this for much longer. But there is NO WAY I’m going to stop them. The feeling is like nothing I have ever felt before. But I really need to get off my feet before I fall down. My legs are sure to give away any moment now, among other things..... 

So to the bed we go. They order me to lie down. Like I'm going to argue with them.... Essie gets straight to work on me, gagging within seconds. Meanwhile, Ellie has found a seat, my face.... I have her in reverse queen and am really getting acquainted with her pussy. And she is already SO WET!!! She tastes divine too. My efforts seem to be having the desired effects too. She moves down into 69 while Essie continues on me. So here I am again, with both of them working on me. They once again are kissing each other, while never for a second leaving Mini Me alone. We continue like this for quite a while until I suggest Ellie turns around into cowgirl. With a big smile, she does just that. Its been a few weeks since she has had some real flesh inside of her.

Slowly, she mounts me, gently sliding deeper and deeper. She starts building a pace, till she is comfortable to really go deep and hard. As she becomes more comfortable with it, I begin thrusting from underneath, really driving into her. Her moans are getting more and more urgent. All the while, Essie is swapping between my balls and Ellie. She is passionately kissing Ellie while I’m driving into her. I’m really building a pace and Ellie is going off. Essie returns to my boys again. She really is working wonders down there, and considering the movement, the thrusting, she never misses a beat. It’s quickly becoming way too much for Ellie, and I’m getting very close too. She loses it. Actually her convulsions nearly push me out as I’m still thrusting. It’s like I’m being milked, and sure enough, Ellie’s orgasm tips me over the edge as I also lose control...... 

With both of us breathless, I say to Ellie with a sly grin, “welcome back to work....” They both laugh. We suggest Essie needs some special treatment. So with a big smile, the smile she is known for, she lies back as Ellie goes to work on her. I have a quick clean up while they get started, and when I return, Ellie really is pushing all Essie’s buttons. I move in to help her and like they did to me, both Ellie and I go to work on Essie. This scene is really hot!! And the effect it’s having on me is obvious, not to mention the effect on Essie. She reaches a feverish point and goes off. I’m sure Ellie was probing Essie’s arse while going down on her.... 

They move into 69 and continue on each other. I get in behind Ellie and slowly slide in. She is still working on Essie, even though she just let go with a huge orgasm. But now Essie is working on her too. I build a pace and drive into her hard in doggy. They are both going off again. Essie is watching intently from her angle as I drive into her girlfriend. This view, and them still going down on each other is too much for her and she loses it again. 

She decides to move and work on me while I’m still in doggy. We passionately kiss while I’m sliding into Ellie. Long, hard, deep strokes. I slow to a snail’s pace, just barely in. Essie loves this as I’m teasing Ellie with such short strokes, then as deep as possible. The effect it’s having on her is obvious as her breath gets shorter and shorter. I return to hard thrusting, and within no time, Ellie looses it again, convulsing and panting. She really does sound incredible when she is going off.....

While kissing Essie, I say that she should swap positions with Ellie. Much to their delight, we move again. But not before they both go down on me again. I could really get used to this. They have this well practiced and sure now how to share a cock. They decide on something a little different too. They move so they are lying in top of each other, front to back, so I can go DATYY..... Yep, that’s no spelling mistake, DATYY. With tongue and fingers, I work on them both. Swapping and changing is a fun game, and with one tongue and 2 hands, it really is amazing what can be accomplished. We continue like this for some time, and Ellie is also working on Essie from below, stroking her breasts and biting her neck. 

They get me to lie back again and Essie climbs on in cowgirl. Ellie passionately kisses me while stroking and rubbing both Essie and me. She sits on my face again while Essie is riding, now in reverse cowgirl. She grinds deep and long, thoroughly enjoying it while Ellie too is getting the most out of it. We move again and now I’m behind Essie and Ellie is on her back with Essie’s face buried in her pussy. Just like before, I start slowly, building a pace, and stroking her back. The noise in the room is mind blowing. We go at it like monkeys for sometime, while she is trying to concentrate on eating pussy, not very successfully I might add. She eats for a while, only to stop as she loses it again...... I move Essie so she is flat, with her legs together and I slide into her again. This position seems to really push her buttons, and also gives me access to Ellie’s pussy. We share in the delights that are Ellie, as I’m driving into Essie. This is SO hot, and we are all really hitting the rector scale. I’m driving harder and deeper into her and she seems to lose control a few more times. It’s hard to tell really. It could have been just the one that just kept happening, and the way she was clawing at the mattress, just awesome. That was intense... Either way, I had to give her a chance to get her breath back. She really needs a time out. 

Ellie seems well positioned for me, so into mish I go, while Essie regains her composure. We passionately kiss while like this, and we build up a good pace. Not too heavy, not too light, just right....... Then I feel Essie behind me. She has positioned herself so she could get perfect access to my rear. She begins rimming me. And not just lightly either, but full on rimming...... Wow.... I have only experienced this a couple times before but it’s never been while I’m in mish, or any other position for that matter. I continue pumping away, Essie continues rimming, and Ellie continues passionately kissing me. 

I move one of her legs up onto my shoulder with her other leg still in the mish. This really seems to have all the desired effects as Ellie really starts going off again. And yes, rimming still going on. Eventually, I have both her legs on my shoulders, and I’m driving harder and harder. And then the inevitable happens. Ellie loses it. And hard too!!! I slide out and in a flash, Essie is on me, rubbing my balls and sucking with all her might. I lay back again, as she continues. Ellie in the mean time leans in and passionately kisses me again. Her hands are wandering around my body. Our passion is really intense, as is the deep throating that Essie is doing. Eventually, it’s all too much and I can take no more...... and we all end up in a heap, in a sweaty sticky mess.

The passionate kisses continue between the three of us as we clean up a bit. We are all pretty much exhausted, and all smiling madly. That was one intense session of debortuary, passion, and fun times. 

We redress, and finish up a few things. And of course, passionate kissing whenever the moment feels right.... which is often. 

I can’t put into words just how good this booking was, but it sure is going to be imprinted in my mind for many years to come. I would just LOVE to do this all over again, and if the stars align, will certainly try to make it happen. 

This Dynamic Duo, Estelle and Ellie, really do work well together, complement each other, and have obviously done so on many occasions. They are more aligned as a double than I have ever experienced, and the fact they are an actual couple shines out in their service. Their passion for each other has no bounds, and the way they both treated me tonight has left me wondering if I could ever top this night. It is by far the best Bi Double I could ever hope to have. They really made my fantasy come true, and then exceeded on it. They have reset the bar to a level that will be hard for me to reach again. What ever shall I do....... They really made me feel like a part of their relationship. And the 3 of us just did what came natural, uninhibited lust..........



Thank you both SO much for a spectacular night. I will always remember it fondly and would love to relive it again. And thank you Estelle for putting so much work into your belly dance to Metallica. It couldn’t have been easy.



Rupe

http://estelleellie.com/about.php


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st January 2012, 03:59 PM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review, but out of my league financially looking at their tour dates and prices. A unique experience indeed, well done mate !


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2012, 01:26 PM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: 
 Ellie Windsor
				
Post Content: 
When The Cats Away
The Mouse Growls and Growls and Growls

I heard that one half of the dynamic duo (Reviewed Here) was going to be away on business  This presented an opportunity for someone to slide in and fill that void. This meant Ellie (who usually has Estelle to play with) was going to be so lonely, and Rupeepee (and me  ) was insisting more than usual. My enquiry was received positively as she was in a naughty mood. 

<fast forward> I know she is on her way. 
My phone beeps, txt from Ellie "I hope you are energized and ready to go! After all you are replacing Estelle and we both know how good she is  " 
Phone beeps, txt from Ellie "Just thought I might inform you just how eager I am. I am not wearing any panties  " 
Phone beeps, txt from Ellie "I'm early.... and only about 10 minutes away...  " 

Her sexting has gotten Rupeepee excited and now I'm having trouble concentrating.... *Is everything ready???*

Seems like an hour but 10 minutes later Ellie arrives. 
She is drop dead gorgeous. 
She is in a sexy short black dress and matching heels. 
I just want to ravish her. 
I want to lose myself in her hyptnotic eyes, 
I want to grope her curves to the extreme. 

She steps up, kisses me gently but with purpose. 
I am already in heaven. 
She is my new religion. 
I will worship every part of her exquisite body tonight.... gggrrrrrr.

I compose myself enough to pour the chilled wine and offer some token finger food. We engage in light banter, but our eyes are locked in lust. Are we still talking??? We move to the front room, currently bathed in sunlight. She is radiant, my will is weak, I cannot resist and kiss her again and again, deeply, passionately, lustfully. 

I am gently cupping Ellie's face in my hands while we kiss. Stroking her rosy cheeks, her sublime neck, She is *I keep thinking* exquisite. I am in a parallel world!! A blissful world where nothing else matters but her, her touches, our heat our passion. She is *I keep thinking* exquisite. I am feeling it, but is she feeling the same passion? Then I feel her unzipping me and ripping my pants off. Oh, YES we are insync. Boom Chikka Chikka, Boom. 

She shoots me a cheeky grin and in a fliud movement, drops to her knees and takes RuPeePee in her mouth. She slides her tongue up, down and rolling it around his head  then sucking down deeply again and again. She teases with partial deep throating him while massaging his sack. She moves in for more licking plus stroking. RuPeePee is VERY happy in this world.

Her gazes while she continues this are hypnotic, willing me to stand still. Some distraction is needed. I reach down and unzip her dress. She quickly stands and her naked form is liberated from that single piece of clothing.My clothing vanishes in a blur and I turn my head and view the street, my entire neighbourhood is out walking their dogs. OOOPS I forgot where we were standing, illuminated in sunlight, next to a window, in full public view, if anyone was looking......

Ellie does not linger while on a mission and is back on her knees stroking me while hungrily licking and suckling RuPeePee. My legs, once mighty oaks, but her oral skills are quickly reducing them to mere saplings. Ellie does not back off, she doesn't stop, she continues deep throating to licking, licking to stroking. Driven by lust. Only after some intense deep throating, she pulls back momentarily and gazes into my eyes with a huge smile. I can see a small tear next to her eye, I consider pulling her up for a passionate kiss, but RuPeePee has other ideas, so I just wipe the tear away. Ellie continues, she takes me deep into her mouth again, twirling her tongue and being very creative. Wow she really craves BJ ....... My balance is quickly fading and I'm fighting the urge to collapse or pass out. Most of the blood has rushed out of my big head to my little head  where the action is. Ellie is insisting on destroying RuPeePee here and now. No time for another thought, I can't hold back the inevitable conclusion. I feel the torrent of half a litre surge out, she continues sucking without any sign of backing off. Her mouth synchronises with my earth shattering convulsions. She continues and continues a couple minutes after my last tremors subside. My sensitivity now increased, feeling amazing sensations shooting up my spine, down my legs, until every part of my being surrenders to serve RuPeePee and her.

Mission accomplished, with a satisfied smile, she stands and kisses me deeply, intensely, passionately. I don't know how I am still standing or even walking to the kitchen.

Drinks, need drinks. We continue kissing and just being generally affectionate. A wellcummed change in pace  I am nearly ready to go again as she is purposefully fondling me while we kiss. Ellie tells me she has a surprise for me and instructs me to go and wait on the bed. Good, says my legs.

She returns. Surprise surprise, she is dressed as a school girl, but a very sexy school girl. Oh my, RuPeePee is horny for this wicked jail bait!!! ..... With her sly smile, she tells me this naughty girl deserves a spanking .... Well, the HEAD-master agrees and she joins me on the bed, seducing me with kisses. We roll about the bed, lustfulling sharing ourselves, then out of nowhere, I spank her arse.She giggles in delight, and lays face down ..."thank you Sir, may I have another  "We play like this for a little while, then she pounces on me. My power has been usurped. RuPeePee is once again at her mercy. She pushes me back on the bed and shows RuPeePee NO Mercy!!! We are on the bed now, so I manage to move her into yin-yang pozzie and give some back. She is so wet, nearly dripping. I could become addicted to her taste. No time for another thought and she is writhing her body in a sinuous snake movement, trying her best to maintain her BJ rhythm. Ellie concedes and calls for a pozzie change. 

She moves quickly and is riding me in Asian Cowgirl. She begins leaning back with her hand on my knees and rides, then grinds forward, leans in passionately kissing me. This continues until, I slow her down and control the pace, almost teasing her with it.... but not for long as I drive into her HARD, HARDER, HARDEST. She collapses forward into my arms, but I continue. She still has that School uniform on, which is unnecessary as the HEAD-master has granted early graduation. So without pomp and ceremony, I remove her top, releasing her fantastic breasts. I greet them in my mouth, while maintaining thrust upon thrust from below. Ellie is responsive and is ready to take off. Her healthy lungs and vocal chords release like thunder.

I push her onto her back while staying in her, RuPeePee still buried deep. I really start pounding. Harder, deeper, faster. One word thoughts race through my mind, it is so primal, so good, so hot. She looses all control and her lungs scream in pleasure. Seems like I found THE spot. She puts her legs on my shoulders and with that frenzied look, begs me to continue. Fuck this is HOT. The look in her eyes, her loud moaning, my grunting. She wants NO mercy. This is primal, instinctive, raw animal passion. This is INTENSE!!!!

YES, it's time for doggy. Grunt Grunt GRRRRR. I move back to position her, but in an opportunistic moment she can't resist, she takes control and grabs RuPeePee in her mouth. I am at her mercy as she lustfully craves cock. She is pulling me in with her technique, I instinctively begin face fucking her. I compose my self and withdraw from her mouth, but her smile tells me she is enjoying this as much as I am. She is getting off on it. I am not sure who was in charge now, but still need to do doggy, so back in position, wow what a view. Now I am in control, I start with teasing, only allowing RuPeePee in by an inch, just his head. I keep this up and pull out to hotdog her, sliding over her clit sending nervous shivers through her. I slide back in and build up tempo, but still so shallow...... then a sudden deep thrust, all the way in, this really makes her squirm and gasp. I continue this as she is getting louder and louder.... and then screaming. She presses her face into the pillow to try and muffle her voice, but still reverberates loud and clear. My new neighbours must really be wondering whether they need to investigate or just move.

Ellie's voice is music to my ears, but I decide we should try another variation of doggy while standing.... I think its called donkey. I position myself and with my hands on her hips, start thrusting away, hard, harder, hardest we can go. She is still wearing her skirt, my view is interrupted, instinctively I grab it and hear a satisfying rip as I pull it from her body. Luckily it was velcroed together. 

Thrusting becomes pounding, hard, harder, hardest I can manage. Without the pillow, Ellie's voice reaches new heights in this position. I don't care if the walls crash down. She looses herself in a leg trembling, ear shattering orgasm that leaves her heaving and gasping for air. She loved it, she hasn't cum in this position before. I don't stop, she is going to remember this one, I keep pumping and she nearly collapses. Her legs have given out, I think RuPeePee was the only thing holding her up.....

I gently pull out and she turns and kisses me with immense raw passion. BUT there's MORE, hehehe. I take one of her legs and lift it while sliding inside again. Ellie's arms are now around my neck, I lift her other leg and she knows to wrap them around me. I grip her arse as she grips my neck. For the next few minutes or so, there is frantic primal, raw animal fucking. The frenzied look on her face really says she is enjoying this flying fuck, mid air, one metre off the ground. This "Metre High Club" I guarantee is more fun, than its similar namesake. We mid-air fuck for as long as we can maintain it. Sweat is streaming off of our bodies, our grip failing, we are both so wet, we stop before I drop her. As soon as her feet hit the ground, she is back on her knees and hungrily swallowing RuPeePee, licking all her cum from his sack. Ellie enjoys deep throating, licking, sucking, stroking...... Really intense BJ with beautiful tears in her eyes.

With that animal look in her eyes, she asks me "How do you want me now?". My answer is "like animals do it, Doggy Doggy Doggy". She turns, which is enough of an invitation for RuPeePee to ram into her. I begin with some heavy thrusting. Her face is buried in the pillow, she wails, howls, growls. I slow down letting her think I am stopping and then out of nowhere the HEAD-Master in me, smacks her arse. The naughty school girl in her gasps with a satisfied tone in her voice. She turns her head and watches me as I begin to build up the pace again, staring in my eyes with the most lustful look imaginable, until she needs to bury her head back in the pillow. I put her legs together and continue thrusting. Her voice is really getting a workout and starting to sound horse, so very satisfying to hear. The animal references (in this review) almost complete. hehehe.

Her legs start to give out and she is quite low to the bed, so I change to jockey and really ride her. She has lost herself now, but gives no signal to stop, so I'm not backing off, not even a bit. This is one of my favourite positions, it really lets RuPeePee hit the right buttons with Ellie. Her frenzied reaction indicates she is really letting go, big time!! Eventually, I do slow, then grind to a stop and pull out. Has Ellie had enough? NO, her mouth is still ready to give and give. She is not done with RuPeePee yet. She moves, shoves me back on the bed and swallows RuPeePee again. She is on another mission to destroy RuPeePee. She puts everything she has left in, she is licking, deep throating, stroking, spiting, nibbling, anything she can think of. I catch a glimpse of her face, nothing is going to stop her till her goal is reached. Of course, the inevitable happens and we both collapse, very satisfied in what we have done to each other and shared with each other. Who needs NURU when we are both dripping with sweat like this.

After some much needed rest to allow breathing at a normal pace and replenish fluids, we find our way to the shower. We wash each other as we passionately kiss. We chuckle about our HOT session and Ellie apologises again for the screaming. She claims she isn't usually that loud. We finish showering, dry off and I keep busy searching for her clothes, trying not to get horny again  It is hilarious finding her clothing strewn about the house.... I also dress so I can walk her out to her car and grab my last passionate kiss and hug and bid her farewell, until next time.

Now she has left, I walk back through the house to see a war zone, a beautiful war zone.... RuPeePee is definitely back  This feels like home. Thank you Ellie, if only you knew how much I needed that.

PS: moments later a police car cruises down my street. I wonder what that was about?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th January 2012, 11:37 PM
Poster ID: magictonic
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow Great review


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th January 2012, 04:53 AM
Poster ID: aussieco
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great job rup


