Thread Title: Eva - CBD - 0487 782 605
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th July 2017, 09:48 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Eva - CBD - 0487 782 605
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva (possibly)

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? New IN CBD? EVA THai Girl 23 YEARS .ONLY ONE WEEK????? ?? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au??? New IN CBD? EVA THai Girl 23 YEARS .ONLY ONE WEEK????? ?? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 1am it seems

Rates : $150/30

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim. Massive tits. Absolutely huge.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claims Thai, looked Singaporean, behaved Korean

Services Provided : DATY, CBJ, FS, billy club special

Value for money/recommend? : No/no

My experience/comments : 

Saw the ad on backpage, and arranged a time. Rocked up to the apartment on Collins St, to be met not by the girl in the photos, but a massively luscious looking specimen. Bait and switch, but hang on, she's even better looking than the chick in the ad!

Vut a really long story short, I got about 2 licks of her pussy, she had about 3 sucks of my cock, then it was into cowgirl for a bit, some mish some doggy, then she pulled me out, turned me over; we are out of time, I need to finish you off. There's no clock in the bedroom, so I figure I'd simply been enjoying watching her massive tits fly everywhere (and ignoring her surly attitude) and time had got away. She wanks me off, and as I am getting dressed I notice that only 15 minutes have passed. I say, hang on a minute, only 15 minutes, that's not on, do you have a price for quick time, can we reach some deal.

Now her Engrish was poor, so she uses a translator app on her phone to have this discussion, she was getting more and more agitated. She then bangs on the wall and yells something out, and then the door slides open and this mean looking bloke with a billy club is there. WTF is this. This guy, whose English is better than hers, then claims I've tried to rip her off. I explain to him, no, that isn't the case, look she has the $150, but man, it was 15 minutes, not 30. He's not convinced and looks as though he is spoiling for a chance to try his new toy. I've done enough martial arts over the years to know that even though I could probably take this punk, unarmed vs a billy club is not likely to work in my favour.

So I hoof it out of there.

Avoid like the fucking plague.

This is the second time recently I've had a bad experience with backpage specials -- I had two girls rip me off some cash as well. Might be time to stick to known regulars...

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th July 2017, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Deno, mate, I only catch your silver reviews these days. Muscle is never far away. You're having a rough time. Take a drive to Wantirna.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th July 2017, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Translator apps are all the rage,  these private places are now verging on being very sadistic to you. Dean you have more bad luck than good luck, hopefully we can find another one of those 120$ 30 min fuck joints like A'beckett st, in the cbd


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th July 2017, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fuck Dean, that is a little scary.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th July 2017, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah, it was. Look, I get that these girls are placing themselves in positions where they may be vulnerable, but to pull out that kind of reaction for a discussion over money (I wasn't threatening harm or anything like that) seemed over the top. Perhaps the translator app wasn't helping either.

I'll move any further discussion on this out fo the review section and into general discussion forum.

Dean


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th July 2017, 03:08 PM
Poster ID: Thrill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Billy club...now that's a first.


