Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd December 2018, 08:54 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Eva/Ada/Lina - Melb CBD - 0444 560 959
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Private in CBD Apartment

Date of Visit : 21/12/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...9mep248975299/

Phone : 0444560959

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $100 / 30mins

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : Chubby, big boobs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Was in the city so sent out a few texts and this was the only one available at the time I wanted. I knew the photos were fake but was hoping they were at least a bit close so went along. She's working out of an apartment on Elizabeth st near the Vic Markets. After I worked my way in and knocked on the door I literally ran into the previous punter has he was leaving. Hate when that happens. After I walked in I was met behind the door by a lady who definitely not the girl in the photos. This one was around 40 years old, pretty average looking and a milfy type wearing too much makeup.  Was pressed for time so it was this or nothing so went ahead.

She didn't bother asking me for a shower and she wouldn't have had one after the previous guy which is off putting. I stripped off and and lay on a floor matress and she stripped off and joined me. She is chubby but not fat so overall not too bad. She asked if I wanted a BBBJ for $30 extra but I had bad vibes so refused so she did a catbath until I had a semi and then applied the dom and started a pretty decent CBJ. Only bad bit is she kept checking and replying on her phone throughout, and she was getting a lot of messages. She sucked for a few minutes and I think she wanted me to blow quickly because she sucked like a hoover.

I was close to cumming so asked her to jump on. She lubed herself up and rode me for a bit, then jumped off and asked me for doggy so fucked her from behind for a few more minutes before I asked her to go missionary. Any attempt to get close to her or her tits was rejected so nothing sensual about this. Went on for a while (her still doing her thing on her phone) before she kept asking me to cum (was only around 15 mins into the session). So I uped the temp and was close to cumming before she decided to tweak my nipples - hard. This annoyed me but stopped my cumming for a while so fucked harder and quicker so not all bad. 

Exploded in the dom and cleaned myself off. Quickly put on my clothes because buzzer went off as the next punter was on his way up even though my 30 minutes wasn't up.

Cheap and quick fuck, but not my thing.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2018, 09:19 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can pretty much confirm everything robot says here. Saw her just before Xmas; haven't had time to write it up as I've been away, but she's a piece of work. Everything is an upsell. "You want oxygen to breathe? That's an extra $50 darling."


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th July 2019, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: mph998
Post Title: 
 Independent Private GFE - Ada/Lina - 0444 560 959 FAKES
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ada / Lina / who really knows

Establishment : Private Independent girls (actually a ring of cheap Asian girls)

Date of Visit : 19 Jul 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : There are a few and they constantly update them. But please note it's a punt as to who you actually get, FAKE PICTURES.

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...OF-DOUBLE.html
https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...N-OUTCALL.html
https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...SAGE-24-7.html

Phone : 0444 560 959 / 0478 329 223 / 0434 871 558

Hours of Business : They say 24/7 which is a real indicator that it can't be one girl.

Rates : 
Incall full service is 
$200 an hour, 
$150/45 minutes, 
$100/30 minutes.

Massage with oral is 
$160 an hour, 
$130/45 minutes and 
$90/30 minutes.

Extras: 
Anal $100
Bbbj $30
Bbbj and Cim $50
Cof $30
Golden Shower $30
Rimming $30
All extras PSE package: $200 extra on top

Double play GFE(Two girls with you):
$380 for an hour
$300 for 45 minutes 
$200 for 30 minutes 

Outcall rates are:
For girlfriend-experience 60 minutes $300
For ultimate massage with happy ending including oral:60 minutes $250

Age : The one I met sent me pictures of an attractive girl in her mid 20s, but when I arrived she was more like late 40s.

Size/shape : Petite, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS with extras (as above)

Value for money/recommend? : Never went through with it. It's cheap, but who knows how many punters are rolling through these girls.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.) - 

I had seen the ad with a young Asian girl in a red dress for a while now on Locanto. These ads constantly updated but the pictures were always the same and had no reviews on locate because they constantly made new accounts. I was quite convinced that these were fake and based on reading a number of reviews on here figured they would be fake. But it was worth a punt to have a look and see who actually turns up.

I messaged 0444 560 959 and very quickly organised a time to meet in the city. They were located in a high-rise apartment/hotel on William St. On my way to the appointment I requested a photo for verification purposes on site and received some generic Asian girls, two photos that were not of the same girl. I knew I was walking straight into a basket case but this was an experiment to provide some feedback on a few fake ads on Locanto. I arrived at the building and was dialled in, no issues and straight up to the apartment.

Upon knocking the door opened and an Asian women hid herself behind the door with an out-stretched arm trying to guide me in. I just waited on the threshold until she peered around the door and could immediately tell this lady had 20 years on the photos. She wasn't ugly, but the overly caked on make-up wasn't doing her any wonders either. She then grabbed my hand and tried to pull me into the apartment, likely to make me commit. Fortunately I was prepared for this and immediately brought up the photos I was sent and showed her. She tried to convince me it was her, but with completely different skin tone it was obvious. She tried to barter and provide me with a discount from $100 to $90 for 30 mins FS, but I was not interested in what was in front of me.

In the background I could hear another customer being serviced and knew they were running a tight ship here and once that girl finished up would likely enter my room to offer some add-ons. 

I then offered my apologies to the girl and said that I would leave. She immediately responded with "another girl", I happily declined and walked out. I then was contacted by three alternative number on my phone, all texting me as if I had enquired about their services and all conveniently offering $90 for 30mins up at A'Beckett St. Two of those numbers were the ones listed above. All sending fake photos again to try and get business.

To all punters, just be wary of these 3 ads. While the girl I met was not hideous, you are seriously going in for a punt and the attractive pricing will leave you open to fakes. Her services might have been excellent, I just prefer someone much younger and wanted to be able to scratch ads off in my head the next time I'm searching.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st July 2019, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: McCauley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have had about 3 of this experiences also, all 100 fake% and most often much older which makes it even more amazing to me that they will still try to convince you that what your looking in person is the same as the pic - even though you have both right in front of you to check lol!

ive walked on all 3 occasions also the adds are now deleted. i actually walked one time after getting into the room with a girl and asking her if this pic was her and she said no, that's another girl, so i asked oh so i can i meet her? she said yes sure and goes and gets another girl that looked nothing like the pic and i ask her this is you? (showing her the pic) and she said no that's the other girl...i just looked at her and said sorry for wasting your time (even though it was my time) the owner was actually in the apartment and came to me as i was going and said whats wrong, i told her - look the pics are so fake its a joke and she said but if we show you real pics you never come - truer words have never been spoken before. 

this is a game you will only win if you spend 300+ or find a diamond in the rough - happy hunting


