Thread Title: Flora - Oakleigh - 0432 859 355
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th February 2020, 12:20 AM
Poster ID: Nothx
Post Title: 
 Flora - Oakleigh - 0432 859 355
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Flora

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 10/02/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/Flora1998/

Phone : 0432 859 355

Hours of Business : Not sure, visited at 7pm

Rates : $200 1 hr

Age : Bait and switch but was 22-25

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : BBBJ & GFE

Value for money/recommend? : A bait and switch is not worth it, but the alternative girl was okay

My experience/comments : 

The venue was located in oakleigh, the apartment although nice was awkward. The sound of the customers coming in and out was unsettling but hey, I wasn't expecting much here. I was horny and I was willing to pay for a bait and switch provided the girl was at least somewhat cute and not a 40 year old mature lady. Anyway. 

The switch the pimp has provided for flora was a early to mid 20s girl of Asian decent. She had a petite frame, which was not what I was after as flora can be seen as a girl with a bit more meat on her in the photos provided. This girl, although cute, had small perky breasts and extremely cute bum of small size as well. I had no qualms for this but, as mentioned prior I was looking for something different. Her hair was jet black with dark eyes, her face was the innocent cute type. Communication was scarce as her English wasn't great but this was not a deal breaker. 

After washing up we began with a bbbj, she thoroughly checked for anything which was a comforting thing if anything. If I'm getting something as intimate as a bbbj. Technique was about 7/10, lots of effort but I was hoping for something a bit slower and sensual - my attempts to communicate this were not heard. After having enough, being a gentleman I offered some DATY to which she declined and was ready to get straight into it. 

She had a pretty pussy, not completely shaven, which I was okay with as she still well groomed. After slipping on the rubber missionary was okay, but doggy was what had me going. Her small but cute ass was toned and firm enough for me, she didn't mind a bit of squeezing, grabbing both arms and rocking back was the highlight and it was at this point I blew my load inside. 

She quickly went for a wash and we spent another 10 minutes massaging - horrible mind you. Then I requested to turn over and have another bbbj and hand job finish. 

All in all, wouldn't do it again - switch and bait is not something I would do. The unknown girl was okay, but in the end of the day I was after flora. Try your luck if you do, making sure that you decline the first option if it was not her as there is another girl who would be waiting to replace


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th February 2020, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I usually negotiate 25% down on switch and bait and it seems to work in most cases.  I went to my usual on Tuesday and she told me one massage shop only had one customer in two weeks, and she works in a high traffic parlour one day a week and they only did 3 customers in one day - usually they do 10-12 per girl! I feel its turning to a buyers market again.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th March 2020, 01:01 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici and Lyla

Establishment : Behind shopping centre on corner of Springvale Rd and Princes Hwy

Date of Visit : early March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : E&B Flora per above, texted mobile

Phone : 0432 859 355 

Hours of Business : after 10am

Rates : $120 for 30 minutes, $50 for second WL

Age : Cici mid/late 20's, Lyla late 20's/early 30's

Size/shape : Cici petite, Lyla bit taller and less petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : ok / yes (but the WL you get will be random)

My experience/comments : I thought that Nothx's sub WL sounded ok so made a booking when next in the area. The only thing I was sure of was that the WL would not be the Flora in the E&B photos. It was interesting that the house was the same house as the last booking I had with Sarah (Springvale). I'm fairly sure Sarah works independently so might be that this house is rented out to different WL's. But, who knows. Cici answered the door and showed me in. Good English. While getting undressed asked Cici if she was busy. Cici said no, I'm a virgin for today. Cici then asked if I would like two girls, maybe, how much, $80, no too much, just you will be ok, $50?, let me check, I had an extra $50 so handed it over, in comes Lyla. They chatted away in Mandarin while I lay on my back and they played with me, CBJ, sucked various tits. First time with two girls and was a bit of fun as no shorting of things to do. This went on for 5-10 then swapped positions and asked them both to lie down. Had visions of bit of mish with each and back and forward etc. Not like that. Need to change dom's after each pussy. Fair enough. So went Cici, Lyla the back to Cici to finish in doggy. Lyla's pussy was warmer, but Cici's a little tighter.


