Thread Title: Gabrielle Kai - Malbourne - gabrielle_kai@live.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th November 2011, 10:46 PM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: 
 Gabrielle Kai - Malbourne - gabrielle_kai@live.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gabrielle Kai

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Gabrielle Kai Elite Escort | Main

Rates : 400 / hr

Age : 21

Size/shape : 8-10

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely. 

..................................................  .............



An Intimate Night With Gabrielle


Seeing Gabrielle again at the recent drinks night was indeed a tease for me. A couple weeks before this, we had arranged a booking for after she had finished with her Uni, so I could get her undivided attention. She played it up to me at drinks, but still not giving our game away. The dress she was wearing that night was indeed elegant, figure hugging, and stunning. She tells me she almost had to have it cut off her it was that tight.

And so, the night of our booking arrives. Gabrielle arrives, looking stunning as usual. She is wearing a casual figure hugging black dress, that really shows off her lovely legs. Immediately I can see she is in a cheeky mood. We have both been looking forward to this booking. 

We share some warmed bread and dips, with a nice drink, as we catch up and chat about a few things, but I can see she has other things on her mind. She leans towards me and kiss’s me lightly, then with intense passion. She sits on my lap and kisses me deeply and with purpose. 

We kiss like this for some time, with our hands wandering about. We really are getting carried away with each other, so decide its about time we adjourned to the bedroom. Our passion continues as clothes begin falling away. 

I lay her down on the bed and begin getting familiar with her stunning body. I tease and slowly massage her all over. She really has erogenous zones all over her body,but I found some VERY sensitive places and made the most of them. She is writhing all over while im nibbling on her inner thighs, thoroughly getting off on the attention im giving her. Eventually, this turns into a lingering teasing DATY session. She really does taste divine. She sounds so nice in the throws of ecstasy, and in the end, her glow could light up the room. 

Catching her breath, we begin passionately kissing again. she pushes me back on the bed and begins exploring my body. She is running fingers and tongue everywhere. She teases me to the point where I think I can take no more, and she teases some more. She goes down on me nice and slowly, while looking in my eyes. All the while her hands are wandering. She sucks and licks me, giving lots of attention to the boys, always gazing into my eyes. 

She glides up my body and we kiss deeply again. The passion we are sharing is really leaving us breathless. But we continue like this for some time. 

Eventually we join in a few different positions. A couple of her favourites and a couple of mine. Our pace is slow and deep, and also fast and furious. Our mutual enjoyment here is obvious. And when it all cums to an end, we linger and glow in each others arms. 

We just hug and kiss softly, as we come back to earth. In each others arms, we could just drift off. Eventually, we do move and make our way to the shower. We shower together, cleaning each other all over. We kiss and probe as we clean. I could kiss her lips all night. We spend a substantial amount of time in the shower. 

We find our way back to the main room, and finish off the breads that we were munching on earlier before we got distracted with each other. 

But time has definitely gotten away from us, and neither of us are remotely concerned about that. We chat and laugh, we kiss and hug. But all good things do have to come to an end. 

I see Gaby to the door, and we kiss deeply again. Im so tempted to ravish her again and again. But alas, she does leave. But not without another lingering deep kiss. 



Rupe


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th November 2011, 07:16 AM
Poster ID: Azryl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
you lucky bastard!    well, as long as Gabrielle enjoyed herself hehe


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 08:16 PM
Poster ID: Lanky
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've also had the pleasure of spending time with GK. Very beautiful, very soft, very delicate. Would like to see her again but she is pricey.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st May 2014, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: sdg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is she the same as Gabrielle Kaigh?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st May 2014, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes. The spelling of the name changed some time back ~ possibly to look more like a European name.

Sent from my Aristo 0903


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd May 2014, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: sdg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks, EvilGenius


