Thread Title: Galina - East Melbourne - 0473 496 051
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th April 2017, 04:48 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Galina - East Melbourne - 0473 496 051
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Galina

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : late Apr 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? GALINA ????EAST MELBOURNE private location for nude body slide and FS????????? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : from 12pm

Rates : $200/0.5h

Age : late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : voluptuous, medium/tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie, from Sydney

Services Provided : massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : Didn't want to drive into city with car parking hassles so picked Galina as located in East Melb and would be easier to park. Although ad says call don't text, no answer to calls so texted and got answer immediately. Location is just off Albert Rd down near Hoddle St in a short stay apartments. First question in the door was "have you seen a WL before", yes. Went the $200 option as thought there would be more of a erotic time. Clean towel on the bed, G got some music going and soft lighting. Started with a nice massage but not that interesting. Bit of a squirrel grip on the toolbox a few times which was nice but wasn't making me hard. Bit of body slide while I'm still face down. Nice again, but still a soft-on. Flipped. Really nice tits and nipples. Had a good play and light sucking. Then G dommed me up for CBJ which was nice, but again not great as usually can't last that long and was a bit ho hum. Then G leant over for some lube, slapped it on the pussy and mounted up CG. Lots of trash talking which not really my thing, big cock in my pussy, etc. Changed to doggy which was probably the best and then mish. Banged away to finish. G handed me a bunch of tissues to clean myself up, wiped the oil off my back and put on some baby powder. No LFK, no DATY and really not that interesting. G's attractive, voluptuous and has great tits, so if that's your thing, maybe, otherwise, bah.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 01:50 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Funny, I just saw her ad and was thinking about a booking.  I decided to check this website, and bang.

Sounds pretty clinical and like a factory, get them in, fuck them and out the door.  

Cheers, I think I will save my dollars.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She seems fucking hot though lol


