Thread Title: Holiday - Melb CBD - 0468 360 245
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2017, 12:53 AM
Poster ID: spellbind
Post Title: 
 Holiday - Melb CBD - 0468 360 245
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Holiday

Establishment : It was on William Street, Melbourne, but I believe its that group run out of Collins street all by same agent

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0468360245
???PLAYBOY BUNNY ? on tour?1STtime?19TEEN ?real??PICSX?VID NUMBER??EE CUP,hourglass HOLIDAY?? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au
??????ULTIMATE TABOO blood TWINS doubles????playboy bunnies???LIMITED TIME ????touring ?????? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Private so I assume all day

Rates : $150 30 mins

Age : 28?

Size/shape : Size 8? Nice body very nice tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (Ad says Japanese, but shes confirmed chinese)

Services Provided : Covered blowjob, Spanish and sex. No ball licking, no kissing

Value for money/recommend? : No not really

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Girls got a great rack. Photos are real. The tits look and feel soft and real with nice light coloured nipples. They wobble like they are real, they Spanish like they are real, but there actually is a implant. She must have had pretty decent sized boobs before the implant was put in to make them still look and move like they are real. She's happy to spanish. She let me spanish from a few different positions, but not for too long cause she said her boobs would get red. She looks you in the eyes whilst shes sucking your cock, but those are the only good things about the session.

She didn't shower before or after. She just wipes down with wet wipes thats all. She felt sweaty and oily, so she must still have the oils from the previous client. 
Doesn't kiss, doesn't lick balls. But to be honest, knowing she didn't shower and clean properly, I didn't really want to kiss anyway. I didn't even want to suck on the tits (even though they looked great) knowing that they still felt oily from previous client.

The photos are real. Her body is good. I bet if she had make up on, her face would look sexy as well. But her face looks like a "no make up" face. Have you seen the "before and after" photos of Chinese girls when they do and dont have make up on? Her face looks like the before face.

I paid for 30 mins, but was only in there for 15 mins. She just wanted to make me cum then rush me out. I tried to prolong the play for a while, but after a few attempts from her to make me cum quickly, I just though fuck it, lets cum and go home. 

Her business strategy must be a "volume" strategy rather than a repeat business/referral strategy.
If she did a better service, cleaned up a bit between sessions, and had even a bit of make up on, I would be happier to recommend her services. But yeah she just is a "dont care, get the volume through" type girl. Or maybe its the establishment? My first time with them. The agent was super organised, super responsive, so he/she does a good job, but surely its good to work on repeat business?

Anyway, in summary, great tits! But if I could turn back time, I would rather keep the money and save it for Ginza in Sydney.
I'm glad I didn't go for the double.


http://video.backpage.com/2-950a4166...348b73.mp4.mp4


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th August 2017, 09:51 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
WOW !!

Those tits looks really yummy but as you said she didn't shower before and after, that would be the deal breaker, not sure if I even want to fuck/spanish them !

But gee, I would have posted those photos in my photo thread for sure.

Thanks for sharing Spellbind.

Cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th August 2017, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I hate it when they feel oily and sticky.


