Thread Title: Holly - Melbourne - hollybabe@live.com.au 0416 103 069
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th October 2012, 04:35 AM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: 
 Holly - Melbourne - hollybabe@live.com.au 0416 103 069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Holly Melbourne

Establishment : Private Escort

Email : hollybabe@live.com.au

Date of Visit : September 2012

Rates : $300 / hour 

Age : 39

Size/shape : Size 8 - 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : Very Energetic FS

Value for money/recommend? : Fantastic GFE . Definitely Recommended

Holly The Energizer Cums With Energizers


I enjoyed the company of the beautiful Holly recently. Though I find it hard to write this review as I don't want it to look like a brag fest of hours upon hours of fucking. But that's exactly what it was. We had a certain animal like lust and this pretty much filled our evening together. Both Holly and I have insatiable appetites so us getting together was sure to be explosive. We really brought the absolute best out of each other and pushed each other into a realm that we were more than comfortable with. You know how two people can just click, and instantly? Well, that's just how it was between Holly and I. It was as if we were a couple of long time lovers that simply couldn't get enough of each other. Holly and I had been chatting for some time and for various reasons, we were having trouble getting thing set in concrete. My fault really but when we finally did get it all sorted, things just came together. We even warned each other of what the night would probably entail. Considering we both enjoy sex, I mean REALLY enjoy sex. To the point of utter exhaustion.... and then some more too.We seemed like two peas from the same pod as both of us were on the same page right from the outset. It was obvious that just a couple hours would be far from enough for us to really stretch our wings so an extended booking was set. 6 long hours to push our limits of endurance.

When the night arrives and Holly pulls into my driveway I am actually feeling nervous. Rarely am I like this before an encounter but the build up to this particular booking seemed to have put pressure on us both to meet and exceed our forthcoming warnings. I greet her in the driveway and I am totally blown away. Holly is absolutely gorgeous. She is smiling cheerfully as we embrace for the first time. Initial nerves are now gone and we have an instant comfortableness. Yes, this is definitely going to be an intense night for us both. Holly looks beautiful in jeans....... Oh my..... Wow is all I can say. I cant say enough about how HOT Holly looks in jeans aside from how hot she looks out of them 

I show Holly about and we chat and catch up over a cool glass of her favourite drop, "V". In the kitchen I hug her gently from behind. This is enough signal for her to back into me, to rub her perfect behind into my groin. With my hand stroking her stomach and kissing her shoulders and neck, her hands begin wandering while she continues to grind her butt into me. She turns her head and with deep passion we kiss, quickly becoming intense. Yes, we are in sync already. We had a feeling we would click and click well but neither of us were prepared for just how well. Without a word, we find our way to the bed. Holly lays back with her arms above her head and smiles. For a few seconds I just watch her...... just a few seconds. I join her and we begin kissing deeply again. Within just moments we ungracefully remove all our clothes, as quickly as we can..... She is now down to her lingerie and me in my boxers. Holly is on all fours on the bed while I enjoy the glorious spectacle before me. Her black G and bra, her perfect tight body. She really is in great shape and I am to enjoy every inch of her tonight. We plunge together with an increased passion. An urgency to get things happening. Even though we have a very long time to play we aren't wasting a second. I thought about suggesting a safe word for either of us to use, just in case, but there wasn't time, we were already at it.

Mere seconds have passed and I am already searching for the bra clip as she is groping at RuPeePee. With those last things now discarded I can admire her body in all its glory. I am in heaven. We kiss more passionately as the heat between us is quickly rising, our hands making good use of themselves as we stroke each other. My tongue begins an adventure to her neck and shoulders again while she strokes my back. I gradually move further down to her lovely breasts. Her nipples are responsive and extremely sensitive. She really enjoys gentle nipple play as she pushes them into my waiting mouth. Her gentle moans are like music to my ears. My hand is wandering further down stroking her taunt stomach to her legs, just with spider fingers. So light and teasingly. I gently stroke up her labia and find a distinctive moistness. She is as turned on as I am. While stroking I move up and kiss her deeply again. Her muscle control is amazing. With just a finger I can tell she has full control of her tightness. She is clamping onto my finger..... A few minutes pass and she now has other ideas. She pushes me onto my back. 

With a smile she slowly kisses down my body and gradually takes me into her mouth. I sink back into the bed as she goes to work on me. Holly sucks and strokes me to the edge of my tolerance. There is a lot of moisture as she deep throats me and her hands also assist her efforts. I am in absolute bliss as she does her thing. Her mouth and tongue are a superb match while sucking. Out of nowhere she has also introduced her favourite vibrating toy into the play. Starting with it on herself as she works on me she eventually uses it on me too. There is plenty of attention to the boys too as she licks them while still stroking my now very wet cock. This is one of those feelings that make me enjoy a great blowjob so much. But as much as I am enjoying this, I too am a pleaser. I just have to be inside her, and now. 

I draw her away from RuPeePee and kiss her deeply. Intense passionate kisses while she continues to stroke me. With a quick prep done and her now on her back, I enter her in missionary while we kiss. For the next couple hours we fuck in more positions than I think I have ever been in in a single sitting. There is Missionary, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl (her favourite), spoon, doggy, deck chair, caterpillar, jockey, etc., etc., etc..... The variations of each are endless. Her vibrator is nearly constantly buzzing on us both and the sheer amount of times her beautiful hazel eyes roll back into her head was nothing short of staggering. We have become one with the bliss that seems now to be endless and relentless. I think again about the possibility of a safe word..... just for a second.... but there is still no need. We both seem to have no limit to how long we can keep this up for. It's like we were made for each other. We just keep going and going and going......

Finally we call for a break. We really need fresh air and a breather if we are to continue this pace. With a cool drink we head outside for some air and a smoke. We chat and regain some much needed stamina. For a short while we rest and chat.... but not for long. Both of us want to get back inside and back into each other....  

Straight back onto the bed we go with more intense playing. Holly descends on me in an instant. BJ quickly turns into YinYang. With her simply laying on me I get to work on her divine pussy. She tastes so sweet, truly the nectar of the gods. Holly cant take too much of this as it really is interfering with her concentration on me. We move and with Holly now on all fours, I tease her from behind. I fake penetration, just teasing her. It is driving her mad. She is just about begging me to enter, which I still don't. I just continue stroking her labia and clit and teasing her. Holly has had enough of this and with purpose moves back into me and begins fucking me. Ok.... time to get serious again. We quickly build a pace. I thrust deeper and harder. With her face buried in the pillow, her moans and groans reach new heights nearly instantly as she reaches climax after climax. It's like she hasn't been fucked for years. Then I feel my balls vibrating..... She has slipped a vibrating toy between our legs and is adding this to an already intense feeling. From here we move through many more positions until we are at a point of total bliss. It's in deck chair when the inevitable explosion from RuPeePee finally happens. Quickly withdrawing and de-covering, he empties his load all over her stomach. After a quick clean up of the mess, we fall in a heap.

When we do get the energy to move again and before we head back outside, I get some desert cooking for us, a blueberry danish with ice cream. While it cooks, we regain as much energy as we can, knowing full well we are far from finished with each other  After a relaxing chat and some more fluids, desert is ready to eat. We have already had each other as a main course. 

With desert now been and gone, the bowls get put aside. For the first time yet this evening, I descend without interruption between her thighs to dine one her beautiful sweet pussy. I spend a substantial amount of time orally pleasuring her, bringing her off to the point where she has to pull away, such is her sensitivity now. She pushes me back onto my knees and swallows me whole. Stroking and sucking till I am more than ready to be inside her again. She lays back so I can impale her. I am a bastard though. Once again I tease her with it. Stroking her pussy all over, just barely entering. Just enough for her to feel it before I withdraw again. Then so gently and slowly, I  begin to enter her. Millimetre by millimetre. So slowly till I am buried as deep as possible. With a pace so slow I begin pumping. Its driving her crazy. She is pulling me in, nearly forcing me to go harder and harder, faster and faster. She drags me in while leaning forward so we can passionately kiss while fucking. Once again, we go through many varied positions, once again with her toys going into overtime. I have to say her batteries are really getting a workout tonight.

It really is getting to the point now that we have been fucking for so long that we are becoming numb. Holly and I devise an idea and she pushes me onto my back and devours me again. Then I hear the buzzing again. She begins playing with me with her toys while sucking. She probes and prods me with quite a few of her extensive collection of toys, while constantly sucking and stroking me. For the first time tonight, she gets the lube out, coats her toy and really goes to work on me, all the while sucking..... She leans back to watch what she is doing. The look on her face says it all. She is really enjoying doing this to me. To say I am also enjoying it too would be an understatement. I ask her "which toy had you been using on me?" Her reply? "Most of them I think....." Seems they all wanted their turn on me....  As I have only experienced this a few times before, it sure was a unique feeling for me. Eventually it seems there is little we can do but to collapse in each others arms, totally exhausted. We hold each other tenderly. I doubt either of us has had a night so intense, so fulfilling, so continuous. We are now quickly running out of time while we just hug and spoon. 

Since this night, we have indeed been together again. We simply can't get enough of each other. Though the second session was by far no where near as long as this session, it sure was another intense, tiring and fantastic time together. Our passion seems very real. Our want to please each other foremost on our minds. Once again, the toys get used and abused, the battery supply being drained. Holly is without a doubt a fantastic lady who really likes sex.... and I mean REALLY likes sex. We have pushed each other well beyond expectations. When we first delivered our "warnings" I doubt either of us truly expected what we had in store for each other. Now that we do, we now have the challenge of exceeding our limitations. One thing is for certain, we are extremely well matched. With her extensive toy play, I believe Holly needs to be sponsored by Energizer Batteries. She is the one and the only Energizer Bunny.

Thank you Holly for absolutely everything. To think back to how long this has been in the making, how many near misses we had before finally getting at each other. I have all but forgotten the idea of a safe word for us. So far it is obvious we will be far from needing it. I guess it's now our goal to find a reason to need one. It's only a matter of time... 

Holly really has a heart of gold and an uncanny ability to get the absolute most from her customers. She is smart, funny and as sharp as a knife. And there is so much more to this sexual dynamo than my review depicts. She is a sweet lady who can adapt to whatever the requirement of the punter is. She really has everything going for her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th October 2012, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great Review Rup. Almost makes me want to get on a place to melb..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th October 2012, 06:01 AM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hgry1


Great Review Rup. Almost makes me want to get on a plane to melb.
"""



Cheers mate. If you do make it to Melbourne, be sure to contact Holly. You will never regret it, that I can assure you.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th November 2012, 08:05 AM
Poster ID: Jr121066
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have been with holly on a few occasions. She's hot and very very dirty. And if you know what you are doing she is very natural.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd May 2013, 11:35 PM
Poster ID: theProf
Post Title: 
 Private Escort - May 2013 - Holly in Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Desire is hunger is the fire I breathe

 Service Provider's Name: Holly
Session Month: May
Session Year: 2013
Type of Service: Private Escort
Phone Number (Please add area code): 0416 103 069
Service Provider's Email (if any): hollybabe@live.com.au
Link to Website or Online Ad (if any): hollymelbourne.escortfiles.com independent escort site | Warning Page
SWA Number if known (Victoria only): 7418XE
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $300
Location where session took place: Victoria
Hair Colour: Blond
Hair Length: Medium
Eyes Colour: Brown
Skin Colour: Pale
Height: Short - Under 160 cm / 5'3"
Body Shape: Petite
Estimated Body Size: 6 to 8
Estimated Breast Size: AA to B (Small to Average)
Kind of Experience: GFE/PSE Combined
Kissing Available: Yes, DFK (Deep French Kissing)


Note even though I don't explicitly mention the use of protection all service provided by the reviewed lady meet the current rules regarding their use.

Well what can I say I saw Holly in September last year and was captivated by this ladies love of sex and toys.

So I decided it was time to make good on the recommendation in my last review and organize a two hour meeting with the lovely Holly.

Now for those that don't know Holly is a petite blond lady she's now cracker the big 40 but still looks very good in those tight jeans.

So a date and time is organized I book a hotel that offers a day rate, see the day rate thread, all is set for the big day. Another reviewer mentioned that Holly likes chocolate so also organize a box of chocolates for Holly.

On the way to the hotel as I remember the last time I saw holly little prof also remembers making it rather difficult to drive.

I check in to the hotel and settle myself in it's not long before I get a txt from Holly saying she in the car park and is on the way up.

Shortly I hear a gentle knock at the door as I open the door and Holly says "It's good to see you" and I receive a big passionate kiss. Ah yes it's just as I remember her. I give Holly the box of chocolates and she confirms she does indeed love chocolates and I'm rewarded with another big kiss.

As is the usual Holly style we disrobe and very quickly find ourselves on the bed. As I'm admiring Holly very tight lithe body she excitedly introduces me to her new vibrator, its name, sadly I've forgotten .

Holly starts with as sensual BJ very quickly little prof is fully ready for the full Holly treatment.
Holly slowly mounts me reverse Cow girl and I feel that wonderful vibrating sensation as she uses her toy to full effect and so begins the sexual journey that is Holly. I loose count of the number of times Holly cums. She is a master at keeping you on the edge thus steadily increasing the pleasure any time little prof starts to flag she pauses to give him her full attention and soon he is back on the job. She is also extracting pleasure as well which also feedbacks into my enjoyment of the session.

I let Holly take charge as we move through various sexual positions. Near the end Holly encourages  little prof to tease hear pussy whilst she uses the vibrator on herself as she is about to cum little prof enters Holly's very moist and inviting pussy at this moment she has huge organism and for the first time in nearly two hours pauses she for a breath.  Once Holly recovers we finish in the reverse Cow Girl position.

We have a little chat and then times up and Holly has to return to the real world.

Holly is really into sex and as far as I can tell she does not use any lube at all and she gets very wet the more excited she becomes. You can tell when Holly comes if she is above you her knees go all shaky and if you're looking at her lovely face her eyes flutter and then roll back as the moaning starts.

She also mentioned to me that some people haven't booked because they wonder at her low prices. Don't be she is value for money she is a proud sex loving MILF and if treat her right you'll have a wonderful time.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd September 2013, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: 
 Holly in Melbourne - May 2013 - Fun-loving MILF with tight body
				
Post Content: 
This was originally posted only on TNT (a Melbourne-oriented forum).  Holly is amazing value for money, and boy does she love sex and totally get into it!  Recent reports indicates she has not changed, and remains a real little pocket rocket to take for a ride :-)

40yo MILF, 5'2", 8-B, very sensitive breasts, passionate kissing, smooth thighs and tasty ass.
Body is surprisingly good – easily would pass for 25-30yo.
pale skin, brown eyes, long blonde/brown hair.  FB experience.  
Loves doggie, and having hair pulled.
Passionate DFK.  BBBJ+CIMWS
$550/2h
0416 103 069

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'd had my eye on Holly for a while, as she struck me as being a lot of fun.  Spending two hours with her on Sunday evening, I was not disappointed.

Holly is 40, and facially fits into the "MILF" category, with long blonde and brown hair and big brown eyes.  Her body blew me away, easily passing for a 25-30yo.  Only with Abagail have I ever seen such a disparity.

I was rather bemused at the speed at which she removed her clothing.  I was just lying on the bed chatting away, while Holly removed piece after piece of clothing.  She said she hates clothes, and is much happier naked.  I can live with that :-D

I got naked, hopped on the bed, and dragged the hotel doona over us.  Being cuddled up with a naked chick under a hotel doona is one of my favourite things in the world. I started pashing Holly, while I noted she had a vibe on herself, and things escalated quite quickly.  If handled properly, Holly is very passionate and giving.  The kissing was quite passionate, with DFK and much pashing of her neck and shoulder.  Eventually moving down to her cute and very sensitive breasts, I gave them attention (although I reckon if I'd spent more time she would have loved it), and observed her nipples become incredibly hard and erect.  Holly was most definitely getting into this, as was I.

Holly wondered if my nom du plume of "Dave Licker" was warranted.  I showed her.  It's been a while since I've seen a woman's eyes literally roll back in her head.  Enough said on that.  By the way, her body is very soft, and she has lovely legs.  The photo I've attached is accurate.

We had sex.  Lots and lots of sex.  Holly PUSHED me back onto the bed, started a BBBJ, then threw on a dom and plopped herself firmly on top of me in RCG, me driven as deeply into her as I could go.  Much grinding ensued, the vibe still running, while Holly had several more deep orgasms.  Pulling her hair made her cum even harder, with deep groans and words of approval.

After a while, I flipped Holly over and mished.  Felt fantastic, her legs up in the ai felt and looked great, and the pulsations of her pussy as she orgasmed felt awesome.  This was a good, really fun punt.

More stuff happened, a bit of a flurry hahaha.  We ended up spooning for about 30 minutes, with me sliding between her moist legs and kissing her neck and back, Holly groaning and arching her back.  I entered her from behind, as we ground each other, with a slow sensual shag.  I'd be happy if that was still going on this minute :-D

She looked up at the clock, and was surprised to see two hours had passed.  Holly did have to get going, because of realworld commitments, and said can't leave me unfinished!  I said a BJ would be really nice, to which she enthusiastically agreed.  I was rather desensitised after all this shagging I've been doing, but eventually kneeled beside her face and continued that way, which certainly had me going, but it was getting toothy (Holly's not a big girl by any means).  Holly eventually looked at my cock, an inch away from her lips, and said "touch it touch it… touch that and I'll come hard".  Being a gentleman, I jerked myself off into her mouth as requested, Holly sucking and licking while she came pretty hard a final time.  There was no need for a cleanup.

Holly's a nice woman with a cracker body.  Both of us, actually, had a lot of fun.  I'd recommend Holly for some passionate playtime!

(First photo is by me, and the others are from her ads but accurate.)


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th October 2013, 12:38 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Part of the about page from Holly's web site ( hollymelbourne.escortfiles.com independent escort site | Home Page ),





			
				HollyMelbourneAnother EscortDesign.com site. 0416103069

    Holly melbourne
    About
    Contact
    Rates
    Gallery
    Links

Hot horny milf-Nominated Best Escort 2013 Aus Adult Industry Awards

Welcome to the escort site of Holly Melbourne

Nominated Best Escort 2013 Australian Adult Industry Awards


.i offer an all gfe/pse inclusive(my ass may cost a little more ;p) service ,am very easy going and open minded so feel free to ask any questions
my availability varies so feel free to txt or shoot me an email to check if i am available when you have in mind 
i am a petite size8 blond pocket rocket that loves to bring my toys ...i am of european background,just turned 40 although am told i look more like 32,and i live my life by three sayings "the best things come in small packages", "lifes too short" & "variety is the spice of life"

cheers

"best sex I've had in ages. The key with Holly is she seems to into as much as you are." 



"Holly would have to be the best go to wl going around in Melbourne.Go to Holly for a good time and Holly will give you an awesome time "

"an absolute pocket rocket."

"the best sex I have had in years".


Floor: #8
Post Time: 10th May 2015, 03:51 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Holly Melbourne 0416 103 069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Holly

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Last week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Holly Melbourne | hollymelbourne.escortfiles.com independent escort site | Warning Page 0416 103 069 Prefer SMS

Hours of Business : 10am till 2pm and after 8pm

Rates : $300 first hr and see her website for longer

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : slim 8 B cup shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments : Had an opportunity to spend some time with Holly.  All contact was by SMS.  Setting up a time was easy, be aware though her evening availability is subject to babysitter and I suggest contacting early in the day if possible.

Holly turned up on time and is really easy to talk with.  After the financials - I booked Holly for 1 hr - Holly immediately took charge and as it was our first time together, I thought I would just go with the flow and see where we went.  

Into the bedroom clothes off and Holly immediately unplugs the clock/radio and plugs in a large black mains powered body massager   Holly's website mentions she never leaves home without her toys, wow - she was not kidding.  We meet in the middle of the bed and commence making out, some very nice kissing (no DFK though) and hands everywhere.  After a while Holly doms me up, applies lube and rolls over for rear entry (vaginal).  She angles her body to limit penetration and now applies the body massager to the lower half of little ant.  I may not be the sharpest chisel in the tool kit but I get the message pretty quickly that Holly is guarding her vagina rather carefully, I suspect she is sore/tired or both, BTW I am only average size. Apart from limiting penetration, sex with Holly was a pleasant experience.  After I came the first time we had a cuddle and chat then Holly revved me up for round 2 which was most unusual for me given my advancing years and no blue pills.  All rear entry and no oral.  Round 2 completed the hour and Holly packed up and departed with a nice kiss and cuddle at the door.

Holly's website covers it all really, photos are real, great body, a few tattoos and some middle age lines starting to show on her face.

WIR? Perhaps.  Now that I have met her I would be upfront at time of booking re oral, position limits etc.  I asked re her 24 age limit and said she can't stand being "pounded" for the full hour.

In summary, Holly is a nice person to spend a little time with, have a good read of her website, might be OK providing you are not looking for size DD, a full on pounding session or the Karma Sutra.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 3rd June 2015, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I stayed with her recently and found her disappointing. She had good reviews on the other sites especially in regards to her dfk. Guess what? I wasn't offered dfk during the session. I will post a full review shortly.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 19th June 2015, 05:43 PM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Holly

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Holly Melbourne | hollymelbourne.escortfiles.com independent escort site | Warning Page 0416 103 069 Prefer SMS

Hours of Business : 10am till 2pm and after 8pm

Rates : $300 first hr and see her website for longer

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : slim 8 B cup shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : So So

Read all the rave reviews about Holly and decided to book her. Communications were quick and prompt, time set and hotel booked. 

Holly showed up and she looked nice. An attractive, mature lady of Euro origins. Business taken care off and onto the bed.

Some light kissing, she kept her lips closed though. Strange, as she promotes herself as the best DFK in the industry. Nevermind, we continue with some nice foreplay, CBJ, and sex in missionary and doggy position. Of course she brought out her toy and that was pretty enjoyable!

All in all not a bad punt, but not exactly an awesome one either. Maybe we didn't click? Now, she promotes herself as the best DFK in the industry...funny that it wasn't offered at all. I asked her later was it because of my hygene (Mind you I've DFK'ed every WL that offered it...and I've been able to persuade WL who didn't kiss to passionately DFK'ing with me). She said no I was nice and clean, but I should have asked for it. WTF? I need to ask for DFK? Kinda oxymoronic as it's suppose to be the highlight of your service? That's kinda like having to ask a WL for a BJ during a booking...

Anyway, Holly is a very nice WL who offers a decent service. Maybe we just didn't click? For $50 less other Mature WL like Martine @ Georgie's place, Elle (if she's focused), offer a far more intimate service. Then again this is solely my opinion...


