Thread Title: Holly - Richmond - 0412 215 317
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th October 2015, 02:42 AM
Poster ID: Drizzt
Post Title: 
 Holly - Richmond - 0412 215 317
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Holly

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16th October

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_5738842...NEVER-HAD.html

Hours of Business : 7pm - 7am Weeknights

Rates : $250 for the hour

Age : 20

Size/shape : Size 12, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Oral, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, unexpected but definitely not disappointed

My experience/comments : I had managed to arranged another opportunity where I could fit in a punt so hopped on to the usual place to find a WL that took my fancy.  I had initially booked with another WL but 15 minutes past the time of my booking she wasn't answering calls or texts so I was met by her pimp who advised she was running really late and offered to put me with Holly who was due to arrive very shortly.  Holly arrived after a short wait looking like your typical suburban girl next door and I agreed to switch my booking to her.  I settled the financials and took the pro offered shower before being led into a room.  Holly had undressed while I was in the shower to a robe with a matching lacy black bra and G underneath.  We started on the bed with DFK where we figured we both had pierced tongues and I removed her bra for access to her sizable rack.  She'd had to be a E/F cup comfortably.  I was sucking on her nipples in turn while lightly pinching the other one causing her to gasp lightly before I move down south.  Rather than removing her G, I pulled it aside to DATY with her inhaling deeply, lightly bucking her hips and then pushing my face into her.  I doubt she was faking as she was getting wetter and wetter and tasted good.  I came up for more DFK with her stroking my already hard member even harder and on with a tarp and she pulls into into her in mish.  I have to say this girl is tight and I had to keep to a slow pace in order to have any sort of stamina.  From mish in many variations we moved to CG which she didn't like as much before moving to doggy which felt out of this world.  While in doggy, we hear someone arriving and she tells me that it was probably my original WL.  I pump away until the point of no return and pull off the tarp so she could stroke me all over my rack.  We clean up and with 20 minutes to do lie back and chat with some LFK.  At the conclusion of the hour, I dress, she walks me to the door with a goodbye DFK and a hug and I make my way out.

WIR: Yes without a doubt.  I'm already thinking when I could arrange an opportunity for another punt as I'm quite attracted to the girl next door type.


