Thread Title: Honey - Noble Park - 0426 911 306
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2018, 01:42 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Honey - Noble Park - 0426 911 306
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Honey

Establishment : PWL Noble Park

Date of Visit : June 2018

ContactDetails/Address/Weblink : Locanto 0426911306

Hours of Business : 10.00 till late 

Rates : $130 - 30 minutes - Massage, Exchange, DATY, FIA, FS, Etc....

Age : 42 y/o but Advert states 30

Size/shape : Medium Build, Size 10 36 F, Landing Strip

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and FS et al.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

What ever you do.....Keep Reading !!!!!

Was panning the Locanto site and came across the advert below. I saw some potential and made the call. Agreed to a time and made my way to the address, that of a Motel on Princes Hwy, Noble Park. Rang saying that I was there and got the room number. Drove into the motel and found the room at the back, hidden away from prying eyes.

Went to the dook, knocked and door opened with the woman hiding behind. 

Walked in to the room, turned to see a middle aged Chinese woman, dressed in a black see thru number that highlighted her black bra and g string. She came up to me and gave me a hug, forcing her chest into mine. I took a step back to admire the goods and then committed to the appointment. I handed over the $130 and asked when did my time start. Whenever darling, no pressure. Ok, I stripped and asked for a quick wash. She handed me a towel and off I went into the shower. Guess what...... No fricken Hot Water....duh..So a quick wash of a very little Wol....dry off and back into the bedroom.

Honey was still clothed and I asked if I could undress the package. Slowly and deliberately I removed her negligee and underwear, to reveal a typical middle aged Chinese woman's body. A little extra flab around the belly and breasts that sag. However I accepted this and was not upset. I asked if she could give me a massage first, then I would massage her and then we would fuck. All good.

Onto my stomach, good strong massage getting to all the right places. Honey even massaged my arms, bending them back and putting my hands on her breasts to keep my arms still. I coped a good feel. Told me to flip and I said my turn to massage you. Honey lay on her stomach and I began. As most of my readers would know, this results in the normal reverse FIV and some rimming on her. I even got her onto her 'all fours' for some reverse DATY.

Time to roll her over and commenced my frontal massage. Breasts, navel, clit and some more DATY. Honey was going off and she even began to play with herself. She gave herself a good rub as I gave her some FIV and G spot work...more convulsions. 

Then, the mood breaker.........

There was a knock on the door of the room. Honey slowly got up, threw a dressing gown on and went to the door. I asked if it was another client but no......

Into the room walks a very pretty young girl, dressed in a shirt and torn jeans....here I am starkers lying on the bed, my cock in the air ....going what the fuck... ( I have experienced this before so I was not totally embarrassed) 

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f67/a...89378-a-53503/

So we now have a choice....well not. I ask Honey what was the girl's name. She replied Sarah. So Sarah goes to the couch, moves my clothes to the floor and sits sideways on the couch facing the bed. Honey drops the dressing gown and gets back on the bed, on her back. She then says lets fuck. But I wanted some more DATY and finger work. So here I am chewing on her clit, fingers in her puss with a twenty something girl looking at me. I have no pride.......

Honey then says we fuck now and I roll off her and she Doms me up with her mouth. I am now on my back and she climbs aboard. She drops herself onto my cock and it feels like I am in a canyon. I cannot touch the sides, no friction at all. I suggest she rolls over and I climb onto her. Again no friction. I pull her legs over my head to tighten her thighs. Still not tight.

I climb off and suggest she gives me a blowie. Off with the Dom and BBBJ....whoa...I hold her head down and finally launch a load down her throat...Honey take it all and then removes her mouth to spit into a tissue. Into the bin with that. She then cleans me up and offers a head and face massage. All this with a young girl in the room. 

We now have time for a conversation. Sarah is 22 and works with Honey. She has come to start her shift..They often wait in a car whilst the other is working, but in this case, Sarah did not know that Honey was with me. Honey also told me that they are relocating to a new unit in Springvale and she says there will not be a repeat of what happened on this day.

Here I am lying there, flaccid cock, with a naked 42 y/o woman massaging my head and face with a 22 y/o looking at the show...

My time is up and I get dressed. I told Honey that I would contact her again to make an appointment to see Sarah. I suggested that she put an advertisement offering a Mother/Daughter service...I would pay $300 for and hour for both of them...she laughed but we will see.

I know that I will be seeing Sarah very soon.....watch this space.....

I walk out the door and look at my watch....50 minutes done and dusted...VFM ...YES !!

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...-you-want.html

The photo with the woman in the red bra is most accurate 

As always.....YMMV...Good punting.....Wol....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th June 2018, 10:31 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I see she advertises natural sex


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th June 2018, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mikemelb


I see she advertises natural se
"""



Yeah....I DIDN'T go there.......


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st July 2018, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: NoFeelings
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Okay so with the other girl. She would be working in the next hotel room over. Honey messages the other girl and tells her to come in, they want you to pay for both girls. That's why the other girl came in. So if it happens to any of you, if you want the other girl, you can pay, but if you don't and want her to leave, ask her to leave.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Iceebsbro and Pakabul, You need to contribute with reviews, less commentating ! Commentating does not and will not add to your forum status


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th July 2018, 08:17 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damned link is no longer valid. It's been deleted.

Bugger.


Sleazy


