Thread Title: Hope - Cranbourne, VIC - 0498 045 316
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th July 2018, 01:31 AM
Poster ID: Andrew69696969
Post Title: 
 Hope - Cranbourne, VIC - 0498 045 316
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Hope

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:1/5/2018

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ttle-Hope.html 

Phone : 0498 045 316

Hours of Business: ring Hope

Rates:$250

Age:Mature 44 years old

Size/shape:Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: It was a solid experience not particularly special

My experience/comments:
The ad and the girl in the ad seemed quite seedy, I had heard that she was a smoker and a former addict.

Meeting her in person seemed quite daunting especially for my first punt and losing my virginity.

However, she was bright and bubbly and made me feel very comfortable. She has a nice figure for her age and a few tatttoos that threw me off. 

She stripped off her cloths and began to give me a body rub. Her DD breasts felt good on my skin (especially when they were covered in oil). After a bit of that I had a very hard erection. She noticed this and began to work down to my crotch. After a bit of teasing she slid it into her mouth. It was quite nice and I began to stroke in and out of her mouth. She was very accomodating, taking my full length (4inch) in her mouth.

We moved on to the main course. I glided my hand down her panties and to my surprise she was quite wet. nervous with anticipation I could not put a condom on. She helped me slide it in and it felt good. It was a lot less tight than my normal masturbation which threw me off but after a few strokes I could feel the build up in my balls. I wanted to try other positions but I came without warning causing her to laugh a little She tried to get me erect again in the remaining 20min but it was to no avail.

Overall she was a very friendly woman who is accomodating, however her blowjobs and pussy, whilst good, were not that spectacular (perhaps it was my masturbation death grip). However, she is very eager to please which kinda made up for it.

Thanks for my first time hope

Andrew


