Thread Title: Isabella Lucy Private - South Yarra - 0434 440 764
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2017, 07:06 PM
Poster ID: melroyale
Post Title: 
 Isabella Lucy Private - South Yarra - 0434 440 764
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Isabella

Establishment : Private Apartment in South Yarra

Date of Visit : 17/07/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434 440 764. The Best YOU HAVE EVER HAD 0434440764 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Daytime visit, but I'm guessing she's available evenings too.

Rates : $250/30 mins I also added an extra 50 to that to get 10 more minutes lol. So $300 for 40 minutes.

Age : She told me she's 22, but her ad says 21.

Size/shape : Small, toned with thick ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish mix. 

Services Provided : GFE with BBBJ. 

Value for money/recommend? : Interesting experience but yep, definitely. 

My experience/comments : 

Reason for what I've just said above is because, it was around 1:30pm that I got in touch with Isabella and arranged to meet at 3pm for 30 minutes. I get a text at about 2:30 saying I can come earlier and she confirmed the booking providing her address. I rock up to a nice apartment and get buzzed in. After taking the elevator up and knocking on the door I am greeted by her wearing some revealing and expensive lingerie, awesome. With a kiss on the cheek and a hug she welcomes me in. From this point she's just idly watching me. Making small talk about her day and all the normal chatter before I asked her for a shower to which she said sure and pointed me to the bathroom. Doesn't hand me a towel, so I'm left to use one that's already damp - figured she'd just finished showering as her hair was wet so whatever cool.

She starts talking to me as I literally hop out the shower and just walks up to me mentioning about partying and apologising to me which left me a bit confused but as I scan her place a little I noticed bottles of vodka, champagne and cups around the place. She asks if I'd like a drink and before I can reply, just pours me a shot of vodka. Why not. I hand her the money and she immedietely begins kissing my chest, sucking my nipples, dragging her fingertips down my legs and cupping me before getting straight into a drunken BBBJ. Oh, that's right she also paused right then and there, to mention that she is drunk. 

It's right about now that I'm thinking to myself that I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. She was clearly sleep deprived from partying a little too hard on the weekend. Every now and then she'd say something to me and then go "oh I shouldn't have said that haha what are you doing to me" ... this happened like seven times within a span of 10 minutes. So this BBBJ turned into a suck, pause, suck, drink, suck, pause and hey what did you do on the weekend? Before I just prompted to go to the bedroom. This is most definitely her own private apartment as it was a fucking mess, I kid you not travel bags and everything - she's saving up to go party hardy around the globe. Turns out she is a daughter to a wealthy father and is from the Gold Coast, moved down to Melbourne (on her own or as she'd like you to believe) and loves to travel around and party. She also worked as a flight attendant so that's probably where she's learnt how to be so charming. 

From there I put on the dom, lube her up and flip her around to see a beautiful and I mean a beautiful, tanned, thick ass. All was forgiven. Watching her bounce off me was and getting to be a bit rough with her was too much fun. But then, she asks to go to the couch and starts talking a bunch of shit again and says she's cold and I should warm her up before running to get a blanket. I'm thinking she's been doing more than just drinking this weekend. She gets on to ride me and does a great job of it for a while before I decide to take the dom off, to try and get a better blowjob. She finally worked her way into it and let me finish all over her body, even getting some on her face which she licked off her finger, while holding eye contact with me.

It's been a couple weeks and to be honest, I'm still not sure what to think of it all. She was hot, a great fuck and very talkative. But good grief, I can only imagine how different this story would have been if I turned up to the session drunk.


But seriously, she knows how to talk the talk and walk the walk. Maybe I will go back again... who am I kidding, I'm going back again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th July 2017, 10:24 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Your link leads to a new ad which offers herself in a double with a Bella.  Sounds interesting, but also scary in a way.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th July 2017, 12:46 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her wealthy background is definitely on show in the prices lol


