Thread Title: Ivy - Melbourne CBD - 0402 712 306
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th November 2016, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Melbourne CBD - 0402 712 306
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Aug 24, 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402712306  Last night wed & thur! DONT miss out! $400 the hour ?? party with ivy - Melbourne escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : call and ask her

Rates : $150-200/hr roughly Paid $650 for 3 hrs

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : 14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed filipino and spanish aussie

Services Provided :  Full service, anal, rimming, etc.

Value for money/recommend? :  Unless you're after the face and looks, this one will rock....

My experience/comments : 

That wednesday night, am a bit lonely as familia was overseas, gotta cut my vacation with them due to work commitment.  Since am all alone, decided to stay at Crown Metropol for a night to accompany a guest.  After work was done, guest went back (and probably find himself punting too), around 7pm tried to call a few other WL but to no avail, then turned my attention to cracker.  Find the ads as the title above and decided to call.  am really not in the mood for full sex but just wanna have a girl to cuddle, sucking tits, BJ, fingering, etc.

came downstair to pick her and was very startled.  I'm asian, and to me she looked like an auntie of my age with her body look and size.  Hiding my surprise completely, I took her to my room and had a bit of a chat.  She then started by inspecting my dick for bad signs.  Once done, I position myself in the couch and ask her to give BBBJ.  Oh, wow, despite the face and her body, oooh boy, she could do the job, it felt like a concrete pump pusing against my dick.  It was a while until I come although she worked hard to may it happen quickly.   Loads blew CIM-way then we proceeded to talk.  My disappointment still got the better of me, since I paid for 3 hour already, I decided to talk to her about many things mainly the XXX world.

After about 45 minutes of talking, her hands suddenly ended up in between my thigh, within seconds, her mouth was stuck in mine again just like another concrete pump.  Took another half an hour and cumming twice.  I woke up from the bed realizing that my legs were trembling from that 3 times of pumping.

She offered many things for me to try: anal, FS, rimming etc, but just couldn't do it because of the gap of expectation and in what I see.  Other than that , she seems to be honest, nice and so on.  I love BBW but I need one with tits really sagging or hanging and a body that at lease curvy, not tits that I looks like my chubby chest or a straight-down curve.

Service-wise she is the one if you like her type.  But don't imagine her to look like the pic in cracker.


