Thread Title: Jac - Narre Warren - 0481 819 635
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th July 2016, 12:14 AM
Poster ID: Drizzt
Post Title: 
 Jac - Narre Warren - 0481 819 635
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jac

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_8950558...-there-34.html

Hours of Business : Unknown, best to check with her

Rates : $100/30 min FS

Age : Early to mid 30s, her add lists her as 34

Size/shape : Size 12-14, curvy and carrying a bit more

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : I'd have posted this a bit earlier but a bout of pneumonia knocked me around a bit.  Jac's quite hard to get hold of, I texted her checking for availability and she didn't get back to me for a couple of days.  Once a time was locked in, she texts me half hour prior with her address and directions to park in the driveway.  She's in the rearmost unit off a road that gets quite a bit of traffic down it.

First I settle the financials and take the offered shower.  After a quick rinse off and dry down I head back to the front bedroom to find her smoking some green stuff.  Although I couldn't really care less I kind of wished she'd have smoked it before I came or elsewhere as the smell's quite distinct and permeates into clothing easily, so clothing left in a pile just outside the door.  Now Jac's probably average in looks and looks as if she's had a hard life.  If you're after model material, just pass on by else you be disappointed.  She did admit to being on harder stuff but trying to clean up her act.  She was dressed in a lacy red top with attached suspender straps and a matching G with fishnet pants over the top.

Once we were both on the bed, we start with kissing which turns into DFK before I peel off the fishnet pants, I pull the G to the side to reveal a clean shaved cat so a bit of DATY which ended with her pushing my face into her.  She gets me to stand next to the bed first for some BBBJ before I lay back on the bed for more oral.  Once she rolls a tarp on, she hops on top for some CG and damn she's tight, I was rock hard but it still took a couple of goes to slip into her.  She sex was quite good with her getting right into it.  A switch to mish for a bit before I flip her around for doggy and blow my load in the tarp.  A quick chat and clean up, I take another offered shower and I head out of there.  I look at the clock shows 43 minutes since I went in so she's not a clock watcher.  One point to be aware of is the occupants of the front unit were peering out the window at me when I passed their place.

WIR, maybe, although the smoking the green stuff doesn't bother me, I wish she didn't do it in front of me either.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2016, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. Sounds like you had fun. Dfk and bbbj is always a good thing.


