Thread Title: Jackie - Essendon Outcalls - 0457 763 900
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th April 2018, 08:39 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Jackie - Essendon Outcalls - 0457 763 900
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jackie

Establishment : Outcall

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...rt-Jackie.html 

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250 hour outcall

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : size 14 but shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK,GFE, FS, CBJ, COT

Value for money/recommend? : yes, great value

My experience/comments: I contacted Jackie by text. We then talked. She is a very normal lady. Easy to talk to and made me feel at ease immediately.

We arranged for me to meet her at my motel. She arrived on time and was dressed nicely but not over dressed or provocatively dressed.

We went to my room and had a nice kiss. We then chatted and had some wine. She is a lovely lady. After a long chat we decided to hug and DFK. Jackie was very receptive to most things. She talks to you quite normally but she also knows how to talk dirty. While playing with her clit and fingering her pussy. She got quite vocal as she came. She then kisses me and tells me she has to put my cock in her mouth. She doms me up and starts a CBJ. She was quick, slow, deep and wet. She asks what I like and then she starts to lick my shaft and balls and perenium. Still talking dirty to me.

Jackie then climbs on top. Her breasts are magnificent. She is riding me hard. I then lay her down and go closed leg Mish. My cock is going in and out and rubbing her clit at the same time. She goes off. We then go side saddle and partial spoon. While doing this I keep rubbing her we clit. She goes off again. She tells me to keep her cumming. Fuck me deep and hard. So I did.

We went doggie and she grabbed my shaft as I went in and out. She was wanting me to cum. She told me she would go to sleep if she keeps cumming. I lay her down and cum all over her tits and stomach. She coos as I do this. She is very sexual. We clean up and have a nice chat. Jackie tells me that it should be me who cums and not her. I ask her why is that the case. We both had fun. She asks if I will see her again. I told her that is fine. I do not charge a lot. She kissed me and laughed .

After some nice cuddling, chatting and kissing. We get up and clean up. We have another wine and then Jackie leaves. She is a generous lover and generous with her time. We were together for two hours.

I will be back. For sure.


