Thread Title: Jana - CBD - 0406 973 885
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd November 2016, 08:43 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Jana - CBD - 0406 973 885
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jana

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 2/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 973 885. I found her on backpage but can't find the ad now, sorry.

Hours of Business : Unknown. Was responding to my texts at 9am.

Rates : $150/30 mins. $40 for BBBJ

Age : 30s I would guess

Size/shape : Slight belly. Firm arse. Juicy tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai claimed and I see no reason to doubt it.

Services Provided : FS, DATY, DFK, anal rimming, BBBJ (of sorts, see review)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for the FS, no for the BBBJ.

My experience/comments : 

So I found an ad on backpage (had a search for it this morning but could not find it, sorry), and when I texted her, I already had the number in my history. Seems to be one of these numbers that is reused by WLs. The old screed of messages was for Julia, who I have reviewed here. Now Julia was a dud, but I thought if I rock up and find out it's her, then I'll walk. The location was nice and central, although the apartment building she is in has some renovations going on. This meant by the time I was buzzed in and waited in a queue for the one lift, and got in, the timer had expired. Fortunately a maintenance guy was in the lift and granted me access.

Got to her apartment, and this was not Julia. Thank fuck for that. She pretty much resembled the photos as I remembered them from the ad. All good so far. Reasonably alluring face. I ask about extras. $50 for BBBJ, I only had an extra $40 on me, she accepted that. Was offered a shower but declined as it was still only 10am.

We embraced, really good high quality DFK going on, and slowly undressed each other. I lay her down on the bed, and spent 10 minutes or so munching away on her fragrant pussy. Part way through this she had a mini-orgasm. I moved back up for some more kissing; she applied a dom and away we went in missionary, then doggie (with a brief interlude for me to eat her out from behind and engage in some light rimming which she loved), and finally with her on top where she was grinding away like there was no tomorrow, before coming in a massive (and loud) orgasm. Especially in doggie, she was really tight. Definitely no fakery here. She was spent, and lay for a couple of minutes on top of me, breathing heavily, and then rolled off.

I was still at full mast and she offered a HJ to finish me off. What about a blow job I asked. She replaced the dom and started sucking, what about BBBJ I asked. She was really not happy about it, took off the dom, and gave me a few desultory sucks before finishing me off by hand as I touched her pussy and had her twitching all over the place (she was still really sensitive). Afterwards I got chatting with her. She claims to be a Melbourne native, and this was her first day of escorting. I confirmed that I was her first ever paying client. This would explain I suspect her clear passion throughout the session.

The apartment she is in unfortunately lacks a mirror in the bedroom. I would have enjoyed watching her tits flail around whilst giving it to her in doggie. Not the end of the world though.

I would recommend Jana. She's no spring chicken, nor tight and toned, but she is passionate and an excellent fuck. Really good. Avoid the extras is the only warning. Also on the positive side (and supporting the inexperience bit), she is not a clock watcher. Our 30 minute session went for a good 45 minutes, and that's counting from the point at which I'd handed over my readies to the point at which I started to clean myself up and re-emerge into the world.

WIR? Yes.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd November 2016, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here you go: 0406973885 escort reviews - 0406-973-885 pictures, rating - Melbourne escorts





			
				if you adore big boob's then I'm your gal...JANA From Thailand Boys. HIT ME UP FOR SOME NAKED SELFIES HUN (.)(.) smother your face all over my large chest, 40DD in size and lick my toned body with some nice curves for an orgasmic experience. Love Bangkok? Well I am the Big Tit Capital of Melbourne and I love to bangcock! NO EXAGGERATION BOYS IM FOR REAL AND I HAVE A FETISH FOR SEEING PLEASURE OOZE OUT OF YOUR BAD BOY DOWNSTAIRS...
Heyyyyy There!,

In terms of BIG ASIAN JUGS I am without doubt the Cream of the crop in Melbourne. No exaggeration, once you see and feel these soft bouncing joys you'll be back for more. 
*NEW 25yo, 5 foot tall, size 8 Body with 40DD from Thailand*

*So I got Curved Ass, and a nice body, SCREAMING BIG TITS and pale white Asian skin*

MESSAGE ME ON 0406973885, if I don't answer then MESSAGE ME and ill answer
My name is Julia and I just landed in Melbourne. I am here to make a scene by offering an unmatched Full Girl Friend Experience. Service offerings can be given upon messaging me before I send my personal pictures to you.

My body has smooth silky white skin, I am from Thailand, I am young with big 40DD boobs that are REAL not fake (check out my pics) AND NATURAL. I have a nicely appointed body so you can lift me away and watch my tits bounce as you thrust into me and my hair tickling your skin. Very sexually charged I will make sure you don't forget having full on sex with me.


I am in Melbourne for a short while so get into me while you can and ill relieve all your life boredom and stress with my full GFE experience. Smother your face in my warm busty tits or better yet insert your cock in them and blow your load all over them!

Please be polite to me and ill be even more naughty and raunchy with you.

I charge fees below FULL GFE:

30mins $150
45mins $200
60mins $250
2hr Special Price $450

Erotic Body Rubbing Massage With Happy Ending:
30mins $100
60mins $170
CONTACT ME on 0406973885
Poster's age: 25

• Location: Melbourne


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th February 2017, 10:06 AM
Poster ID: 6uldv8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for great review. Sounds tempting. I don't think she is genuine 40DD because that would be impossible for size 8 body and also 40DD is mega-huge and in her photos her boobs look more like 36D or 36DD at the most. In fact it looks in one photo as if they are very lop-sided, with one being 36DD and the other being 36C.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th February 2017, 10:27 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe you could go and see her and report back with a full template review and let us know for sure. 

We havent had a review from you since April 2016, and as you need 4 per year to maintain your membership, time is running out.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th February 2017, 10:00 PM
Poster ID: JP000
Post Title: 
 Jana Melbourne CBD 0406973885
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jana

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 27/02/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : MASSIVE BULGING CHEST 40DD Thai/ Chinese Chest. - Curved HOT Body (Size 8)...Seriously REAL Selfies - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : sms to book

Rates : $250/h

Age : 30 - 40

Size/shape : Round

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Depends if she suits your taste

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Read a different review which said pics were real, but turned out to be fake.

started with a shower (she didn't join) then onto the bed, massage laying on my front. wouldn't really call it a massage, she was just lightly touching my skin with her hands and boobs with the occasional ball tickling.

after a few minutes of that switched positions so i could play with the boobs. after i had my fun there made my way to DATY

At first she didn't seem that into it, seemed like fake moaning, as it went on she become more responsive, moans getting more frequent, lots of juice coming out of her pussy, and i mean alot of juice. Then started fingering her and she started moving her hips around and grinding her pussy into my face.

after i finished there she put on the dom and just went missionary, her legs were wrapped around mine and eventually came.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th July 2017, 07:17 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"Got to her apartment, and this was not Julia. Thank fuck for that. She pretty much resembled the photos as I remembered them from the ad. All good so far. Reasonably alluring face."

cl-dean,
I have seen her ads, still advertising on BP and Cracker, got tempted a few weeks ago and started arrangements as the photos in the ads look fantastic, and it is rarely the case that the photos stack up.
She sent me a photo by text, cannot see her face but most of the body visible and it appears in the text photo the real Jana is bigger than the ads.


I have not been to test her out yet but may decide to later who knows?
						



 Attached Images


