Thread Title: Janie Shiraz - Melbourne (CBD) - 0410 552 939
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd April 2011, 12:28 AM
Poster ID: Chance23
Post Title: 
 Janie Shiraz - Melbourne (CBD) - 0410 552 939
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Janie Shiraz

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: January 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: SMS only, email: janieshiraz@hotmail.com http://www.privategirls.com.au/janie..._melbourne.php

Hours of Business: Various

Rates: $700p/hr

Age: mid 30's

Size/shape: Enhanced D cup, slim body, interesting piercing

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: Full, Massage, BBBJ, Foot massage, 

Value for money/recommend?: Bit on the expensive side, but she is very friendly, willing to please and concerned about the entire time being all about you

My experience/comments: 

I've seen a couple of W/L's before and experiences have varied from very bad to good. 

Janie was at the good end of experiences. She's a little older than what she advertises (however she does look younger than she is). She has a fantastic body, very pretty face and extremely welcoming and chatty. I asked for her to be dressed in long stockings (very sexy) which she was happy to accommodate with and looked great in them. Modern clean apartment in the city with a great view and plenty of parking around and easy to find)

Refreshments where offered and accepted, but I couldn't even finish my drink before I stood up, walked over to Janie, slipped one hand around to the small of her back and the other around up into her hair and pulled her in to kiss her soft lips, pulling her hair gently to bend her neck back so I could kiss and taste her neck, down over her shoulders and back up to her lips. She did seem to enjoy my slow firm approach. 

I was quickly moved to the bedroom with Janie undressing me on the way (Is it just me or having a woman feverishly rip off your belt a massive turn on, oh well, I don't care because it is to me )

In the bedroom Janie kneeled on all fours at the end of the bed while I stood there while Janie began working on my cock. She knows what she's doing down there fellahs, so let the woman work. For the next 20 mins she kept her lips and tongue focused on my cock, sucking, slurping, licking, tugging, kissing in a variety of me standing, Janie kneeling, 69, Janie straddling my face with my tongue flicking and playing with her clit ring (her clit ring did intrigue me and I may have focused on it a bit much, but it was the first time I've been able to play with one).

Janie would simply not let up until she made me explode, finally with the right amount of eye contact I told her I was about to cum and got a moaning encouragement as she sealed her lips over the head of my cock. I will say I came pretty hard and Janie didn't miss a drop. 

Janie ducked off (a quick mouth rinse I think) and came back for a nice foot rub (her suggestion as I'm very ticklish, but she didn't have me kicking her away). Soon enough she slid her gorgeous body up mine and with a gently make out session, I was ready for round two. On with the raincoat and Janie straddled me, leaning back so I could enjoy the sight of her body. Janie has a unique technique of slowly and firmly twisting herself around on top of you. I think she was going for the full 360 turn, but 180 was enough for me, the sight of that arse, I lent up, pushing her forward onto her hands and knees and went for gold. 

Second time around so I went for quite a while at a hot, hard and fast pace. Janie kept up the whole time, pushing back and encouraging me through the full length wardrobe mirror. 

Now I got Janie over the line in the 69, and believe she may have just cum, just after I did (Sorry I couldn't keep going for you for you to get the full benefit of it).

Afterwards we talked frankly and honestly about whatever we wanted. No one was uncomfortable and it was a great visit. 

Would I go again......yes, if she was charging 500p/hr I'd see her monthly (Or if I got a pay rise, I'd go monthly too )


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd April 2011, 12:47 AM
Poster ID: Chance23
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, was actually $650p/hr


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th April 2011, 10:42 PM
Poster ID: magictonic
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review
Will agree with you ,she does know her way around your cock


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th September 2013, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: Onedegreemore
Post Title: 
 Janie Shiraz
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Janie Shiraz

Establishment : Private touring

Date of Visit : September 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : PG

Hours of Business : 9am til late

Rates : $650

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : 8, DD enchanced

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK, DATY, BBBJ, CIM, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Janie has a killer body, full on pse sex, and as much as you can manage.  I saw her a few days ago during her recent tour.  She is difficult to get in contact, let alone securing a booking.  But once you've managed, the rest is pure blist.  Lots of DT, bbbj, and sex, followed by more bbbj, and cim finish.  She got me up again with more bbbj and teasing, followed by sex doggie finishing with another cim/facial.  Worth every penny.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th September 2013, 07:23 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her PG ad,

"State: VIC
City: Melbourne
Area: CBD

Tours: Yes
Age: 28
Height: 5' 7"
Body Size: 8
Stats: 33 DD
Hair: Long Blonde
Eyes: Big Blue
Email: Janie
Phone: 0410 552 939 sms preferred
JANIE SHIRAZ SYDNEY ESCORT AUSTRALIA
Janie Shiraz - Your Melbourne Private Escort

JANIE SHIRAZ SYDNEY ESCORT AUSTRALIA

New Photos Taken August 2013. NO Photoshopping NO Enhancement's These Are My RAW UNEDITED IMAGES.

Click on the banner for information on Five Star Gold Verification

Janie Shiraz- Private Exclusive Melbourne Escort

As each state has separate laws regarding photos, reviews and service descriptions for working girls, please click the link for your state below to see her pages conforming to those laws.

MELBOURNE

BRISBANE

OTHER INTERSTATE CITIES & INTERNATIONAL


Information for your State:

MELBOURNE - at all times not touring below:

PERTH: NEW DATES 25th - 29th September

BRISBANE:

SYDNEY:

CANBERRA:

HOBART:

ADELAIDE:


About Me

Hello my name is Janie Shiraz, a sexy and confident 28 year old model/student with a vibrant spirit. I sincerely love what I do and provide a true girlfriend experience with an open mind and open heart. I am a passionate individual with a great sense of humor, positive outlook on life, and a weakness for adventure. My natural personality is one of positive warmth, laughter and comfort.

I am fortunate to possess a very attractive appearance with dark blonde hair, big sparkling eyes, and an air of feminine confidence. I don’t show my face to protect my privacy but I've been told many times over my sparkling eyes are one of my best assets. I am 5'7" tall with delicate curves, a gorgeous pert 33DD bust , slender waist and toned body. I have silky smooth skin a contagious smile and soft kissable lips.   

What do you like to do for fun? Anything that involves salt water or a sunny day is generally fun times for me. The more adventurous, the more likely I am to love it. I am told my fun and spontaneous spirit is a breath of fresh air. Life is an adventure. It's not the destination we reach that’s most rewarding, it's the journey along the way. One thing that truly makes a difference is the company I share and enjoy it with and the lasting friendships I make along the way.

I adore intimacy and I take pride in taking care of my friend’s needs, as well as pleasing them on all levels. I am a sensual woman with a genuine erotic sense of self.  You will never be rushed – I am a true girlfriend experience. I love lingerie and have all the sets pictured with me. If you would like me to wear a particular set I will gladly do that for you.

I have worked for agencies over the past year but have decided to go it alone so to speak. As a new independant I would love it if you would write a review of our time together. I promise you an experience you will remember for some time to come.

Please contact me at janieshiraz@hotmail.com I have a blackberry and answer all emails promptly. I look forward to seeing you soon!

Warm kisses, Janie xxx

SWA6927XE

Price List
$650 1 hour
$950 1.5 hours
$1,200 2 hours 
$1,600 3 hours
$2,000 4 hours
$2,350 5 hours
$2,700 6 hours
Overnight (12 hours) $4,300
Social rates (no play) $300 per hour

All major credit cards are accepted. Small surcharge is applicable and billing is discreet
"


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th September 2013, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Onedegreemore


Person's Name : Janie Shiraz
.

"""



Thank you for your review Onedegreemore.

Did you see Janie on tour in Perth ?

Also, was the price for an incall (her hotel) or your place ?

It's interesting that she offers only a 50% discount to talk only.


