Thread Title: Jayden  - Brooklyn - 0403 686 579
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st October 2016, 06:50 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: 
 Jayden  - Brooklyn - 0403 686 579
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jayden

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/10/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403686579

Hours of Business : Daytime

Rates : 200 h/h

Age : 27

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full, bbbj dfk

Value for money/recommend? : always.

My experience/comments : 

Jayden is a slim fun sexy red haired girl whom I have seen on a number of occasions.
I have been working mainly out west recently and had some car trouble and had it booked in at Brooklyn.

I had the means and opportunity and the urge so I texted Jayden and after a no reply I also tried Bentley who has also been high on my to-do list.

I got a reply from Bentley however the photo requirement made me a little hesitant to go ahead with the booking. I then got a reply from Jayden who just happened to be staying virtually next door to where I was sitting in the waiting room so it was a no brainer. I would get serviced whilst my car did.
I booked for half hour as my car would be ready once I got out.

I walked to the hotel and knocked on the door. I was a little excited as even though I have seen Jayden many times before it has always been in the car. So a room service was going to be a lot better I hoped, and I wasn't disappointed.


Jayden opened the door wearing a black corset and stockings looking sexy with her long red hair falling past her shoulders. She invited me in and chatted catching up as it had been a while.

I started to undress but was stopped at my underwear. I was made to sit in a chair and she put some music on and proceeded with a sexy strip tease and lap dance. This got me very excited as the stripper fantasy is one of my favs. at the end of the strip she lay on the bed and I got on and started to kiss her deeply. she got on top of me still kissing and then bringing her hard nipples to my mouth. I played with them for a while until she moved down and started to give a nice bbbj. I could have easily let her finish me off that way but stopped so I could return the favour. She had a new little vibrator to play with and offered it to me. I smiled and said lets see how we go.

I love Jayden's tight little pussy and she has an easily accessible clit. with a bit of tongue work and a strategically placed finger inside I had her cumming in no time. Then it was a little more oral on me on with the dom and she climbed aboard. She rode me a little then began grinding herself on me. she was pretty horny and wanted to cum again. I reached for her toy and handed it to her and she spun herself around into reverse cowgirl continuing to grind into my pelvis and cock whilst she played with her clit until she brought herself to another screaming orgasm. I then pushed up and her over into the doggy position and pumped away until I did the same thing.

We lay together chatting and I gave her a nice shoulder and back rub. By then we had gone way over time and I dressed kissed her goodbye and hurried back to my car which was waiting for me.

The car sounded great. Nothing like a good service.

Joe.

(NB: posted elsewhere on the internet)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st October 2016, 08:44 PM
Poster ID: 6uldv869
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hey Joe thanks for the review, does this little pocket rocket advertise anywhere? i googled her number and got bupkis


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st November 2016, 12:54 AM
Poster ID: 6uldv869
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
its all good i found her hehe


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st November 2016, 07:43 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So do we have a link to her advertisement you can share with us??


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th November 2016, 11:38 AM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_6...xyREDhead.html


