Thread Title: Jenny - Glen Waverley - 0431 395 689
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd September 2018, 08:27 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Glen Waverley - 0431 395 689
				
Post Content: 
https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2733593518/Wonderfull-in-Waverley.html


Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431395689

Hours of Business : 10.00 till late

Rates : $80 for 20 minutes (Refer to advert for other offers)

Age : mid to late 30's 

Size/shape : Medium Build 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS (Protected)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, VFM even for short time (got 30 mins)

My experience/comments :

Was looking thru Locanto one day and saw the advert. Put it into my memory bank for when I needed a quick shot

After leaving The Glen Shopping Centre I needed a fix. Gave Jenny a call and appointment locked and loaded. I travelled the 2 Klm to the address and announced my arrival.

Got the house number and went to the door, which was ajar. Knocked and to my surprise, Jenny was hiding behind the door. Duh.

The house was dark and it took some time for my eyes to adjust. When they did, I saw a well kept mid 30s woman in front of me. Jen was dressed in a black negligee, covering a black bra. She came to me and gave me a cuddle and I felt the string of the G string under the cover. Jen held my hand and took me to the bedroom. She then asked my desires and I told her that I only had a short time today, but if the service was good, I would return for a longer session. I handed my $80 (yeah I felt like cheap charlie) but I was on a mission to see what she offered before I committed to a future longer visit.

Jen took the coin and left to hide it as I undressed. I was naked when she returned and she  came to me a grabbed Wol giving him a tug.

I pulled her towards me, sliding the negligee from her shoulders allowing it to fall to the floor. Next off was the bra to reveal a tidy set of breasts (photos are accurate) which I lent forward to caress with my tongue before sucking on a nipple and giving it a tug with my mouth.  Next, I slid down to a kneeling position, slowly removing her g string. I saw a nice looking tat above her puss as I was kissing her fur.

I then motioned her to lie on her back on the bed and commenced some DATY, which had her twisting her body sideways and up and down. Good work Wol. Jenny then pulled me up to her and I stood in front of her. She took Wol into her mouth and gave a good BBBJ, without going DT. All good, as I wasn't there for this. I tapped her on the head, she stopped her work and got a Dom from the bedside table. She dressed me, lay back down and spread her legs. I climbed on board and entered her slowly. She grabbed my buttocks and pulled me further in. I got a rhythm going and before long, I spat into the Dom. Job done.

I roll off onto the bed and Jen removes the evidence....she puts it into the bedside bin. She hands me a wet one and some tissues for me to clean up. I go to get up, but she offers a head and face massage to complete the process. 

As I dress, Jen tells me that I am her first client for the day. (It was 12.00). She tells me that she has not been busy, and this is why she is offering the $80/20 deal. 

As I left, I thanked her for her efforts and told her that I would return in the near future.

A good find.....'Wol...Wonderful in Waverley'


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd September 2018, 08:57 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good value Wol. Thanks for the entertaining review. As always, like your style.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th September 2018, 06:26 PM
Poster ID: sucxxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431395689

Hours of Business : 10.00 till late

Rates : $100 for 30 minutes

Age : 40s

Size/shape : 9 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Nop

Jenny is well in her 40s, so photos in AD is shopped a lot to remove saggy skins and old face. didn't really aged well unfortunately. 

It wasn't too bad in general as she has good customer service mindset but I would definitely prefer pay extra $20 to bang someone in her 20s instead.

Also she has typical Chinese accent with fairly limited English proficiency. So I don't think she's Singaporean.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th October 2018, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: cincin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I agree with, sucxxx review.

Please do not mis guide us by posting wrong reviews mate. We use this forum for honest opinion, you might have liked this girl personally. But the review is certainly false. 

She is more than 40 - 45 ++. No way a Singaporean.

PLEASE AVOID SUCH FALSE REVIEWS...and this lady too.

Happy Punting


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th October 2018, 01:50 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by cincin


I agree with, sucxxx review.

Please do not mis guide us by posting wrong reviews mate. We use this forum for honest opinion, you might have liked this girl personally. But the review is certainly false. 

She is more than 40 - 45 ++. No way a Singaporean.

PLEASE AVOID SUCH FALSE REVIEWS...and this lady too.

Happy Puntin
"""



What makes you think this is a false review? A difference of opinion on age and ethnicity? 
Maybe there's more than one lady working there? Maybe it was a bait and switch?

If you're going to shoot your mouth off why dont you back it up by writing a review of this lady - providing you have actually seen her.


