Thread Title: Jenny -   Melbourne - 0426 894 150 (Retired)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2013, 09:47 PM
Poster ID: Henry1
Post Title: 
 Jenny -   Melbourne - 0426 894 150 (Retired)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  jenny_in_melbourne@yahoo.com SWA 7734XE 

Hours of Business : Open

Rates : $300/hr

Age : 26-30

Size/shape : 6-8, C to D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DFK, GFE, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Good VFM

O.K. I admit it. Asian Privates in Melbourne are as scarce as hobby horse shit, and I'm always on the lookout. Jenny had been on my list for a long time and circumstances had prevented a meeting. I finally got there.

I arranged a meeting via email, using my real name and trying my best to avoid identifying my forum persona.

As it happened, I was ensconced in a very nice hotel with some history apparently, and fairly close to where she lived. I'll say this for Melbourne. It seems to have preserved its historical heritage in terms of hotels more than Sydney has.

Come the evening, we exchanged a few texts and it turned out that she was available a while before we had originally agreed for the booking. I had no commitments and was happy to go with the flow. She described what she was wearing and I went down to wait for her. We introduced ourselves and went up to the room.

Now the first impression I had was that she was a very down to Earth person. I'd showered before she came, and the financial dealings were dismissed with quickly. She proceeded to get naked. Now she was not dressed as a glamour model. She was wearing boots which were "Fuck You Boots... I'm more concerned about the Melbourne winter than trying to turn you on by wearing thigh high 'fuck me' boots with a huge heel". The un-erotic removal of the black tights and knickers followed along with the rest of the clothes. I didn't give a fuck. This was my sort of woman.

We gradually got into it. She has a rather strange way of kissing. Yes it is warm and soft, but I think she needs a few more lessons from Henry in the art. Her lovely nipples required a fair bit of attention and I finally descended into a long session of DATY with a nice bare pussy. From my point of view I watched the hands on the body and the fingers moving and twitching. She's not very vocal, but I could tell from the body signals that she was enjoying it.

I was finally spent as my tongue reached a point of "I can't do it any more", at which point our hour was up.

I said "That's it, time's up". Jenny said "No it's not, we haven't finished yet" (don't you love that devotion to customer satisfaction).

She said "I didn't come". I knew that, but I fucking love an honest hooker who tells it how it is. I'm too old to give a fuck about the fact that my male ego hasn't been stroked. I try my best, and if it doesn't work, then so be it. I'm not Superman, and the women I meet are not "Absolute Goddesses", and the experience isn't "Out Of This World" whatever the money they charge.

We got the dom on. Things from now on are a bit hazy so apologies Jenny.

I seem to remember that we ended up in doggy, which gave me a beautiful view of a delectable arse (pity she doesn't do anal), which descended into caterpillar which got me so excited that I finished.

After cleaning up, I tried out my survival Mandarin on her. I felt that she was both complimentary for me attempting to do so, but also amused. I was nowhere near her native Shanghaiese, which is almost a separate language.

I revealed that my real name Xavier under which I had booked her was not my forum name on PP which was Henry1. She said something like "Oh, I don't pay much attention to forums". Talk about being deflated. Despite my posts on here about how she was on my list of women to see, she dismissed me with a single line. Some have noted that she is shy. She is fooling you. She certainly knows what she is doing and is a very confident young woman.

We finally parted, and I saw her to a taxi to take her on to partying the night away with some friends.

I can't say more than that her advertising is absolutely accurate:
"You will find me very well presented with a natural & casual manner.
I am friendly, passionate and warm to your desires & touch."

I would very much like a return visit to Jenny. I love an honest, down to Earth person with which you can spend some time and know that she is not trying to rip you off, and genuinely wants to provide such good value for the fleeting encounter.

Unfortunately she retired not long after I'd seen her. I live in hope of a return to the punters' world.


