Thread Title: Jessica - Richmond - 0405 780 050
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th May 2012, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: wicked
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Richmond - 0405 780 050
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Jessica
Contact Details: 0405 780 050 
Address:  Private - Richmond
Prices: $70 for a 30 min massage-$30 extra hand relief. A standard service is 200 and deluxe 250 per hour.
Age:  28
Size/shape: 14/16
Nationality or Ethnicity:  Aussie/Caucasian
Services:  Massage/HJ, FS
Value for money/recommend?: Not for $250

My experience: Jessica is a blonde 28 year old art student, from Perth. Very large natural breasts, size 14/16 - full figured body. She does look different to the sent pic, without glasses and her hair down. She has a real horny look about her in person.

I thought about seeing Jessica for a couple of weeks. I sent her another text yesterday morning. She seems to take a while to reply. I guess she is either busy, or asleep. But when she does get back, she does respond fairly quickly. Made a time to see her late last night to avoid driving through traffic. Arrive at a cute little house in Richmond in a dead end street. The side light is on, she opened the door and it was fairly dark and said hello. Jessica was wearing an open overcoat and red lingerie underneath with her boobs bursting to get out.

She took me into her bedroom. It was a little weird punting in a girls own bedroom I have to say. I was a little nervous about the whole thing, but soon calmed down when she just lay on her back and acted like a girlfriend you haven't seen for a while. Her service ranges from a massage with HJ, up to FS sex with extras. Driving all that way to see her I decided to pay her for the deluxe treatment. Not sure what the difference is really, as she didn't really do a DFK and there was no BBBJ. But anyway there was kissing and she let me finger her good. Got at least four fingers inside her and she was fairly wet. DATY was also good, and the BJ was actually pretty good too. Not sure what brand the condom was, but if felt like it was on fire! Seemed a little hot. Had that feeling before too.

She stroked my cock fairly hard early on and I got the impression she was trying to make me cum early. Being a one shot wonder I got her to stop, before she started on the oral. We had sex in a few positions and I held off from cumming by stopping every time it reached the point of no return. For the finish, I got her to lie on her belly and it felt really good fucking her from behind like that. Have to say it's probably my favourite position. Kept holding back till I just wanted to blow. She was really getting into it and seems to like to be fucked. Having had a really good massage the day before, I gave her a 5 min back massage as we had a chat. 

All up it was $250 for the Deluxe service, a little steep, compared to cheap brothel rates. Not sure if I will see her again at that price. A massage would be on the cards if I lived closer. The only negatives for the night were the lack of BBBJ, her crap music and the sounds from guys texting her every few minutes! She could have left her mobile on silent at least!


