Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th July 2018, 01:03 AM
Poster ID: Andrew69696969
Post Title: 
 Jessica/Angelina/Cindy/Mina - Doncaster, VIC - 0414 842 993
				
Post Content: 
Cindy

Establishment: private 

Date of Visit:27/7/2018

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...Australia.html 

Phone : 0414 842 993

Hours of Business: ring Cindy

Rates:$250 per hour

Age: 19

Size/shape: Fit, a little thin

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome value for money 

My experience/comments:

Cindy met me at the door with a smile and immediately planted a kiss, she led me into the room and after settling finances she pushed me onto the couch and straddled me. After a few passionate kisses she led me to the bathroom where she stripped off her dress and heels and had a shower.

She bent down to give me light oral which felt heavenly with the warm water. Not a lot of tongue use but still felt very good.

After drying off she continued to give oral with excellent eye contact. At that point I was so horny I just started to finger her wet pussy, after a few moans I decided I couldn't wait.

She placed a condom on, and I began in missionary, but her breasts bouncing up and down made me want to orgasm so I turned her around. her pussy is not as tight as I'd had hoped but it still felt pretty good. After a bit of that she started to ride me cowgirl, this felt incredible, just sitting there and watching her slim body going to work. I felt the pressure beginning to build and she came in closer and wrapped her arms around my neck, making sure I couldn't escape. With one final hurrah I came with waves of pleasure washing over me.

After cleaning up we sat and talked for a while. I couldn't get it up again so we finished the session with a light massage.

Overall it was a very positive first experience.

Andrew


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th July 2018, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just to clarify, the ad states $230 per hour (2Come). Did you pay for extra or have their prices gone up?
Cheers
Jas


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th February 2019, 11:03 AM
Poster ID: Lif
Post Title: 
 Jessica/Angelina - Doncaster - 0414842993
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica in current ad but she was Angelina when I saw her in CBD in October/November. 

Establishment : "private" but found in Line

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...Doncaster.html

Phone : 0414842993

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : 130 for 30 minutes 

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : BUSTY with capital B-U-S-T-Y

Nationality or Ethnicity : mix Chinese and Thai but grew up in China

Services Provided : CBJ and FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes and no - I will explain below

My experience/comments : 

First of all, a disclaimer. I saw the lady in the photos when she was Angelina in the city in October 2018. I've not seen her as "Jessica in Doncaster" as per the ad. However the photos are exactly the person I met. I wanted to do a review on her late last year but her ads disappeared and I couldn't find her again. 

She was operating out of a nice high rise rise service apartment block on Collins Street close to Southern Cross station. I had trouble getting up because the lifts took a very long time to come and would have timed out from me being buzzed in. I eventually got up and was met by this absolutely gorgeous lady with a tremendous body. She's exactly like her photos, big eyes and even bigger boobs. If you are a boob man, you would absolutely her. More once that later. Standard finances out of the way, shower and then got the session underway. Disrobed her to see her phenomenal rack and it was so soft but not saggy, the best I've ever touched. This is where things started to go down hill a little. She speaks almost no English so communication was difficult. At that time she had just arrived in Melbourne 2-3 days ago. The service was not very GFE with her trying to help me out on the dom but fiddled with it a little and gave up and asked me to put it on myself. Which is fine but like I said, no GFE or maybe this is what actual real life GFE is. Anyway, very light kissing but I just went back to caressing and kissing her boobs and nipples. Very standard CBJ with nothing overly sensual while sex was cowgirl for awhile looking at those boobs bounce and missionary with rather fake moans. But I came easy just looking at her. Cleaned up, small chat and off I went. Don't get me wrong, she's a lovely girl but her lack of English at that time and probably lack of experience in the industry hampered the session a little. It has been a few months so things might have improved but even if it hasn't, just the boobs themselves are well worth $130. Too bad she's too far in Doncaster.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th February 2019, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Those tits are a bit much.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th February 2019, 02:35 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just texted Doncaster crew and Jess no longer works here


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th February 2019, 11:23 PM
Poster ID: doom
Post Title: 
 Mina -  Doncaster, Vic - 0414842993
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21/01/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_320238...Doncaster.html 

Phone :0414842993

Hours of Business : I dont know, late I guess coz I visited her at 1:00 am. 

Rates : 230/Hr

Age : 21

Size/shape : 33B

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments: I had the pleasure of booking this woman around two weeks ago. As soon as I saw her, I got turned on immediately by her see-through lingerie. She escorted me into her room and went to the shower together. She gave me natural oral inside the shower which make me wanna cum in her mouth in 2 minutes. I then proceeded to exit the shower and went to straight intercourse because my penis cannot handle another BJ or else I will cum immediately. I ended up fucking her for 5 minutes then came in her mouth. She then gave me a massage then I fucked her another time but this time i came on her face.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th February 2019, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by doom


 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_320238...Doncaster.html 

Phone :0414842993
"""



Your link doesn't work but the mobile number leads to many ads


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th February 2019, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: Lif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Catbath


Just texted Doncaster crew and Jess no longer works her
"""
 


She’s back in the city where I saw her. https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...real-pics.html


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th February 2019, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 Niu Niu - Doncaster, Vic 0414842993
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Niu Niu

 Establishment : Private

 Date of Visit : Feb 2019

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...doncaster.html

 Phone :0414842993

 Hours of Business : I don't know, I visited around 7pm 

 Rates : 230hr (but I paid $240, and got ripped. I would be very surprised if this girl does dragon service...)

 Age : Add says 19, she told me 20

 Size/shape : Size 8, A-B cups decent body

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : GFE (supposedly, but not)

 Value for money/recommend? : Nah not really, better service out there.

 My experience/comments:
I'll keep this one short as it was average...
After just having walked from another private in Glen Waverly I decided to give this mob a call as they usually have 2 girls on.
Be aware as "Lif" says they rotate them between CBD and Doncaster (and Sydney..) so you need to check who is on.

I told them I didn't want Jessica as I'm not that into huge tits. They told me Niu Niu and Yuki on.
Had a quick look on Locanto as they normally are pretty true to their pics (which is a positive) and decided on Niu Niu.
Arrived and the girl was true to the pics. She is a sweet girl, friendly and has a cute giggle.

I hand over $240 (I don't have the change), she fumbles around a little with some cash and she doesn't have change either.
I tell her don't worry (hoping it will get me better service) and she apologies' (Point 1: remember to bring exact change...)
We strip, I shower and she showers then back to the bed.

She fondles me a little and wants to put hew dom on straight away. Not really ready for sex I motion her to lay down and begin to suck her small titties.
She seems to enjoy this and makes a few moans and noises.
I move up to kiss her but she turns her head slightly and its just pecks on the cheek allowed. 

So I then move down to a little more tittie sucking before going down for some DATY.
Wiggle, wiggle legs clamp closed together. I look up she giggles and shakes her head (FMD, no DATY either!!) 

May as well get to the job then. On with the dom she gives me some CBJ (which I'm not really into).
After this she positions herself in mish position and lets me enter her. She seems to be enjoying it with moans and a lusty look on her face.
She seems to get quite wet and I can hear the sloppy slapping of her pussy before I release into the dom.
We then clean up and she gives me a massage (average, although she does this weird thing of rubbing her pussy all over your back and legs. WTF??).

Round two was pretty much the same.
Again I tried for DATY and same response (shit...) 
Tried to change position this time to doggy or cowgirl but no go there either. (FMD!!) 
Frustrated go to mish and get the job over with.

Don't get me wrong. I was friendly with her and we talked (via translator) about different things.
She is a sweet and friendly girl. Just boring as bat shit. At these prices, I would expect a little more.

WIR = Ahhh big no from me.  

Cheers
Jas.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th February 2019, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is the Doncaster sisters, there sure are a lot of them, and they all appear to be really young.  Looking forward to giving them a go when it cools down a bit. So far the question of whether they are on wechat has been ignored.  This is a very interesting outfit indeed. Without having visited here, just looking at the locanto pics, i believe this is a better business than butterfly escorts


Floor: #11
Post Time: 26th February 2019, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like Jessica has jumped ship and joined a new mob = Yaozhao's (unless they are same but different name...)
She is now from Russia, LOL

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...t-hot-hot.html

I'm guessing different as they charge more money and they have different girls.
I believe this could be the "re-branded" butterfly group.


