Thread Title: Jessie -  Melb CBD - 0499 447 318
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th January 2017, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: 
 Jessie -  Melb CBD - 0499 447 318
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Private Apartment near Cnr of Spring St and LaTrobe St melbourne 

Date of Visit : 18/01/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 169 283

Web link. hot new asian gril one ween only good service - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au


Hours of Business : not sure prob mid morning to late

Rates : $100 for 30 min, $150 for 30 min & $250 for hour

Age : 27ish

Size/shape : size 8. Very nice slim figure and nice full c cups. She says Ds. But not my version of Ds

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS. Cat bath, CBJ, DFK, Cowboy and Mish

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah I was happy with experience and fact she was prett and sort of like her pics. Maybe because of bra her boobs looked bigger in ad

My experience/comments :

I was horny and looking for a quick fix so did a search on Backpage, took a punt on this and and sent a message,  got a fairly quick reply wiht standard services, pic and cost, I then asked was this agency or not, she said NO so that was pleasing, then asked if pics were her and she sent back pic of her, so getting better since most of pics on Ads are fake,  anyway set up a time to meet at her place in LaTrobe street in apartment building , usual procedure, message her when I get there, get details of room no to ring and then she buzzes me in,   I go up to floor. Knock quietly on room and she opens up, I am greeted by nice attractive Asian girl in black outfit with nice boobs and great legs, any way I was happy so far, go in , she asks how long and I say 30 min . I have over $150 movie into Bedroom after she gives me a nice kiss and then I take off clothes and have a quick shower while she gets naked,  I come back out and she is ready. For me. She has a great body, no fat and nice boobs but as I said I wouldn't say they were Ds,  anyway she proceeds to kiss me. Nice DFK,  lays me down on bed and proceeds to kiss me all over, cat bath, really using her body and face as though she is really enjoying what she is doing, at least this girl puts on some effort. Anyway this goes on for a bit before she gets out Condom and does me up and then proceeds to give me a great CBJ, lots of mouth, deep and very expressive looking up and looking deep into my eyes as she is taking me in her mouth, OMG. So horny,  then she senses I am ready and grabs a tiny bit of lube and slides down on top of me, now this is where it gets good,  this girl has one of th best pussy muscles I have felt,   She is sliding up and down my shaft. Moaning and looking at me. All great and then I feel this amazing pressure on my cock that she applies with her pussy, OMG,  and she looks at me innocently as if "what. Did you like that?"   Of course I did,   She proceeded to do this through our fucking until I couldn't stand it any more and I explode inside of her, OMG t was fantastic,   She lets me lay on bed while she slowly removes herself and cleans up, we lay and kiss and talk before heading to shower,  get dressed up and I leave,  I have to say girl is very polite, very pretty and likes her job or at least gives you the impression she does.

I leave happy and content and the bag is empty!!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st January 2017, 12:01 PM
Poster ID: Stealth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi -  great review - but the review phone has a different number to the number in the backpage add...   and the number matches a girl elsewhere....  I always worry about a bait and switch.... just a heads up.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th March 2017, 02:08 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah because that is the number she replied to me with after I sent initial text to the number in the Ad


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th March 2017, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Goldfinger38


Yeah because that is the number she replied to me with after I sent initial text to the number in the A
"""



Please only quote Private numbers when they are in the advertisement. In cases like this if they respond from a different number it is probably their private one and these  should never be quoted. I have altered it back to that in the advertisement.
Please respect their privacy.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th April 2017, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: Shen
Post Title: 
 Photo
				
Post Content: 
Is this Jessie? This is the photo in the ad


