Thread Title: Jessi - Southbank VIC - 0401 347 886
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Jessi - Southbank VIC - 0401 347 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessi Yoko

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : Jan'18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/je...city=Melbourne

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $600 per hour

Age : Late 20s - early 30s

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet.

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS. 

Value for money/recommend? : Not really / Unsure

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Happy new year everyone.

So finally an opportunity came up for kicking off 2018 with a special punt (or so I thought). Extremely horny after what felt like an eternity, started scanning the usual places but nothing special came up.
Checked out SB to see what was on offer and noticed a few new girls. But it was Jessi that caught my eye with those nice pics and I really didn't take too much notice of the fact that there were very little work done on the SB profile itself. That should been warning bell #1. 

Since that this girl was "on tour" I thought I better lock it in before I misssed out. The response was very prompt and then a time/place set up over at Southbank which I really hated because it is very hard to find good parking and the roads are very confusing. I won't bored you with the details of trying to find an ATM and extremely hard to find street parking but it wasn't long till I was in the foyer and ready for some action. 

Punched in number and she insisted that she needs to come down to get me to only tell me we need to catch an uber to meet up and get the key. 
Now, firstly this girl did not look like the girl in the picture (different hair style) but still she had a rocking body under a tight dress. Facewise, she was just above average. 
I can't acuse her of fake because I wasn't totally sure (Blur face is always hard to tell). 

Ended up her friend was not around and then as we walked back (it wasn't that far). I am thinking that perhaps I will just forget it totally. 
Then it turns out that she misunderstood the location and to cut a long story short, I ended up driving her to the next suburb to get the key. 
It wasn't far only about 7min drive each way, but from the time I arrive at Southbank, played the ATM finding game and finally walked into the house it was a good 90mins. 
The shit we go through i tell you.

To make matters worst there was another couple waiting outside to be let in. I'm like WTF?! how awkward was that. I think they were her friends because there was a microwave noise during the session. 

So, onto the action. Got offer a cup of water and decided to take a shower. The shower was actually busted somewhat so had bad water pressure (despite it being a very new place). 
Got out and she was naked with a tower. Unrobed and hop on, a little kiss, catbath, nipple kissing and then BBBJ. The BJ was rather ordinary, and did not last too long. Played with her boobs and noticed that they were fakes. Definately now I know, not the girl in the photo. Boobs were D, but different shape. SB has always been good to me and this was the first time I had a fake on the website. 
On with a dom and then cowgirl. One of the thing why I persisted was that this girl has a very nice arse, and it really really made me horny to be able to grab on to it while she was on top. 
So as you fellas guessed, I decided to let it go in what was like 10min into the session as it has been a while. So for the next 30mins, she did a really poor massage which involved her initially squeezing and then chopping my back all over. It was really a bit like torture. So I roll over and indicated time for shower. She also asked for my number..... She even called it (but it was turned off). Turns out that she wasn't the one that did the initial SMS *sigh* as she said she didn't have my number. 

Walked out and my poor run of luck did not stopped there. The other couple were also walking out. We all laughed but lets just say it was very awkward indeed. The guy (and maybe girl with him as she was also putting on her shoes) actually walked back in to wait till i got into the lift

In summary, there was a lot of bad luck with this punt but i will leave out shit that was not her fault:

Pros:
- Fantastic butt
- Great body and getting to know her well before helped with the GFE experience.  
- Friendly girl. And had the courtesy to refund me $50 for the muck around. 

Cons:
- Not true prvt girl due to friends
- Fake boobs
- Poor prep. (did give me a refund on this). 
- Fake photos

Overall it was okay experience. But I would say that it was really not in the $600p/h range type of service. (e.g. compare to the likes of Chloe). 
She also pulled the Lie on top and let you do all the work move. But only for a few mins. 

As I was driving back home, I realise the one thing that was really odd. 
How on earth did she managed to answer the buzzer when she had no key??? Was it a different appartment? I can't recall the number because of the couple standing there threw me off.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 08:53 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like a bizarre punt. Thanks for the detailed report.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just goes to show you have to do your investigation before booking any girls.  Even the $600 range shows poor service.


