Thread Title: Jessica Rabbit a.k.a. Aussie Jessica - Melbourne + Touring - 0400 442 267
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2017, 12:52 AM
Poster ID: JTFM
Post Title: 
 Jessica Rabbit a.k.a. Aussie Jessica - Melbourne + Touring - 0400 442 267
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica Rabbit a.k.a. Aussie Jessica

Establishment : Private incall (Melbourne)

Date of Visit : Oct 2017 (weekend)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???Jason and Jessica rabbit ??? - Australia transsexual escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : daytime til after midnight

Rates : $250 for 1hr

Age : 30-40

Size/shape : size 10, curvy MILF

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : CBJ (BBBJ extra), DATY, FS, anal (extra), MMF threesome available (extra)

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments :

Saw Jessica last month but her old ad isn't available anymore. Above is one of her ads that is currently online. She is not transsexual, but the bi ad with her male partner is tagged that way.

Her ad photos are fairly flattering but she's not a bad looker. Short, curvy MILF, pleasant face, pale skin, no tattooes (that I can remember). I could picture her in a Main Course lineup. Advertised as 30 but probably older. Reasonable size natural boobs and a shaved pussy.

No kissing at all, which was disappointing as she claimed to enjoy it before the booking. But she got wet quite easily and while she didn't react loudly in DATY, certainly seemed to enjoy it as her skin became flushed.

BBBJ was slow and shallow but with good suction, GFE style. Her pussy was nice and after the BBBJ and a couple of positions there was a quick finish in the dom. She offered a massage and we talked about a few things. Then there was a second round much like the first.

She puts on a slightly exaggerated manner of speaking, but her normal voice is just normal so it's not clear what that's about. Also the room was very warm but that didn't bother me.

Value for money is ok/borderline, as the lack of kissing was disappointing but she is a nice lady and wasn't a clock-watcher.


