Thread Title: Jessie and Mandy - Melbourne CBD - 0402 187 991
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd October 2018, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: leonbrock23
Post Title: 
 Jessie and Mandy - Melbourne CBD - 0402 187 991
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie and Mandy

Establishment : Melbourne inner city apartment

Date of Visit : 20/10/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...kqb2238066955/

Phone : 0402187991

Hours of Business : 4pm

Rates : 200 for 30mins

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : nothing like how it was advertised so more rolly and skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese and Vietnamese

Services Provided : Full Service threesome

Value for money/recommend? : it was an ok experience

My experience/comments : Ok so this being my first post i hope you all enjoy it.
Basically i was in the city and looked upon skokka and found myself a good deal for a threesome experience, so i went for it. Messaged the number provided and was responded back to me fast. Afterwards i was awaiting for a location of where to go, it was not far from my location so i walked there and at the same time nervous about how this is going to play out. Arrived at the designated apartment and was told how to gain access and then proceeded to go up into the lift.
The lift stopped at the 12th floor and i found the door to their apartment, at the same time i am going through my head and hoping this was not one of them bait and switch things. Upon the door opening i was greeted by one girl who kinda looked like the blurred out girl on the right and then around the corner a smaller rolly girl appeared and then noticed that this was a bait and switch, i explained to them that i will reconsider now the offer and was about to walk out. They sweetened the deal and said 200 for 30mins.
I was like ok at least its 20 bucks cheaper than what was advertised. They asked me if the 3 of us would like to go into the shower, i agreed and we all had a shower together. They rubbed me all over and then afterwards we proceeded into the bedroom after we dried ourselves off. They started with a catbath, one doing the top half of my body and the other on my legs and inner thighs.
Then the bigger girl asked if i wanted to eat her out. I replied with a no cause im just not used to that kind of thing with working girls.
Anyways after a few mins of cat bath they asked if i wanted to have BBBJ? i was like yeah sure why not, but then they asked for 50 extra and i was like nah its all good. So they went with the covered BJ.
It was an alright feeling but different when you got two mouths going at it. Then i was at the point of bursting and said lets have sex now which would give me a bit of a breather. They asked which one i would want to do first. So i picked the rolly girl and went with her, rode her for some time and then did doggy with the skinnier girl. After a good 10mins of this i asked can i release it on their tits. They said yes. So after a bit of cowgirl with the skinny girl i told her im about to cum and then both of them lay on their backs and i sprayed all over their tits.
I had a shower and was pretty happy with the experience. Said my goodbyes and left. might return but when i am in a bit of a mood for a double trouble

Leon


