Thread Title: Jessica - Glenroy - 0434 203 582
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2020, 07:52 PM
Poster ID: Chupacabra
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Glenroy - 0434 203 582
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica 

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 5/01/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...BODY-REAL.html

Phone :0434203582

Hours of Business :  9:00 a.m until late 

Rates : $130 for 30 mins 

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : skinny, nice tits 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : cbj,  FS and quick massage 

Value for money/recommend? : for a quick realese why not 

My experience/comments :  I tried again another locanto ads and I know how fake they really are. Most of the time unattractive WLS. I text the mob number mentioned above and got the address for a residence in Glenroy..  I got to that the house rang the bell Jessica opened the door. Not a good looking and hot body but to release the pressure of my old amigo down there..  Why not.  I went ahead. She showed me the room. There was another girl in the living room waiting for more punters. In every room there was a bed with small table.. I paid my fees and got naked. Jessica came to room and she got undress. She was wearing a black Gstring took it off and she gave me a small body slide so my dick became hard..  Then the door bell sound another punter came in and the other WL called Jessica. She went naked to see the other punter. I think the other customer wanted to see the girls before the action.. Jessica came back to the room checked her purse to get the condom. She used her mouth to put it on my dick  started with a cover blow job . Nothing special. . I was trying to explore her body with my hand. She let me played with her hairy pussy.. Nice labial normal ones. Then for the main menu she jumped on me and started riding me nice and slow. I have to stopped her because was ready to finish.  No way still got 15 mins left.  Her phone was making lots of beep noise. She was getting lots of text. I requested doggie and arch her back I was inside good sensation. She was moaning fakes one..  When my dick was going inside her pussy in doggie style OMG her glory hole was wink wink wink..  What a sight I couldn't hold it no more.  Filled the bag with the white stuff. She cleaned me up with 10 mins remaining she gave me a quick massage until time was up. 
Overall not the good looking and hot body girl but better than playing with my own dick and paying  $70 $80 hr for a mechanical massages from AMP plus the extra.. These places straight to the point..


