Thread Title: Jessica - Melbourne CBD - 0478 015 400
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2018, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: bigslo01
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Melbourne CBD - 0478 015 400
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : ??JESSICA IN THE HOUSE?? The Super Hot, Sexy and Independent Asian Girl ?? ??:0478015400 ????? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

ad is definately a real one 

Rates : - $200 / 30 mins
- $250 / 45 mins
- $300 / 60 mins
- $600 / 120 mins

Age : 28

Size/shape : slim but with curves fake c cup boobs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : check her link out

Value for money/recommend? : FUCK YEA !!!!!!

My experience/comments : As it was coming to weekend time i decided to try to organise a great time.
As im scrolling through site after site profile after profile theres alot of fake crap and the ones i sorta thought 
never responsed bloody bitches !!
Thank god they didnt because i gotta say otherwise i wouldnt have gone to see this GAL.
As all profiles i do a lil bit of hw and on another site theres a review and it was a fairly good one
So lets make it happen !!

After a response we organised a time
I got to this apartment, and the complex where she stays i can say i have been there several times 
As i arrived to her door i got a very warm greeting
Very nice dressed great looking chick
The apartment was very clean i didnt want to ruin the floor with my adidas gazelles
Smelt nice and she was dressed sexy lucky i wasnt close to any vases i would of definately knocked a few over

So after having a shower i am greeted by her in sexy lingerie far out she looked hot !
she had lacey bra g string suspenders and stockings great kit 
so i lay down we start DFK and hands start walking she is fit 
so she goes down and gives me a BBBJ 
oh fuck i had to think of the worst senario in my head so i didnt just explode so calmly i spin her around and we are in a 
69 position then she chucks the rubber on and she jumps on top like a cowgirl
she does all the work im just enjoying myself she starts of slow
then hard then wiggles her ass while the whole time dfk
The sex with this Bird is just LUST
so i peel her off and we go into misionary position
going balls deep after several minutes i cant help myself 
i say to her i think somesones comming and then i say dont worry its only me 
then its all over

The service this Gal offers second to none defiately wanting to please
bonus she actual speaks english aswell.
RECCOMMEND HER IN A HEARTBEAT


