Thread Title: Jess - Altona North - 0403892962
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th October 2017, 01:02 AM
Poster ID: Drizzt
Post Title: 
 Jess - Altona North - 0403892962
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : Oct 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...ona-North.html

Hours of Business : Unsure but she did mention daytime only.

Rates : $100/20min or $140/30min

Age : mid 20s, she advertises as 24

Size/shape : SIze 12/14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was working in that neck of the woods and toey as anything so jumped online to see who might be available.  I come across her add which didn't have photos attached to it at the time and tried calling without a response.  I send a text and get an immediate reply back.  I inquire to an availability and she was accommodating for within the hour.  I arrive at the address she gives and meet her out the front where she leads me to her place.  Once inside she leads me to the bedroom where I hand over payment and we both strip down.  She motions me on to the bed and we start with groping and DFK with her reciprocating back.  From there I kiss my way down for some DATY where I notice her breathing changing and her body quivering a bit.  From there she switches to give me a great BBBJ with varying suction and a good bobbing action.  She stopped and adjusted her position a couple of time to adjust the angle which felt amazing and I had to stop her before I blew in her mouth.  Now on with a tarp and I enter her in missionary alternating on lying on her for DFK to holding myself up with my arms and sitting back  on my heels holding her legs up.  Needless to say I didn't last long and shot into the tarp.  With 5 minutes to spare, a clean up with baby wipes and a bit of a chat before I was on my way.  

WIR - yes I feel she'll warm up more as you see her more often which could be a better session.

Edit: she doesn't advertise her name in her add so best to not greet her by name until you introduce yourself and she gives you her name.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th October 2017, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks mate. Sounds like great fun at a good price. Will try see her .yself


