Thread Title: Jess - Melbourne (CBD) - 0413 268 587
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th February 2014, 10:09 PM
Poster ID: bigcarl
Post Title: 
 Jess - Melbourne (CBD) - 0413 268 587
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : Day spa

Date of Visit : Feb 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : JESS - Wednesday, Melbourne - Massages Melbourne

Hours of Business : 12 - 7.30pm

Rates : $50/30m, $70 bodyslide/HJ

Age : 28

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Euro

Services Provided : Massage, bodyslide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Sort of

My experience/comments : 

Decided to go for my second ever R'N'T and having seen and heard a fair bit about Jess thought I'd give her a go.  She works out of a day spa on Fridays instead of an apartment, and it's a basement.  Was a hot day so the coolness downstairs was welcome.

Anyway she shows me into the room, which is a typical day spa massage room, and leaves me to get undressed.  I nude up and lay face down, she comes in and starts on the massage.  Must say, if all you did was pay the $50 for the half hour, you'd leave very happy, it's a pretty good massage.  which was a relief to me after the first one I had was rubbish.

After a while I ask her if she does bodyslides...she says yes and quotes me $70 including HJ, and I agree - most actual non-sexual massges I've had are in the $80 range, so I figure that it's in the ballpark anyway.  She gets naked and oils me up completely, then spends a long time bodysliding on me, tickling my butt and rubbing my balls between my leg.  Great stuff.  Eventually she has me flip, and there's more...tons of oil, tons of boob action, she has no problems with me fingering her while she's doing it.  This is pretty much how I thought an RNT should be.  She talks now and then but not too much, which is good.

Moving on and she slides down, wrapping her tits around me and rubbing me a bit, then it's time for the tug, and it's very good.  She helps with the cleanup, then points me to the shower and we're done.

Would I return?  Probably, but only if I got the price of extras down to $50.  $100 for a pretty good massage and a happy ending is about right for me.  I suspect there may be more on offer if I became a regular, but I didn't ask so can't say for sure.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 11:23 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So she works only Fridays? are the photos her?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st February 2014, 11:44 PM
Poster ID: bigcarl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She does Wednesdays in an apartment, Fridays at the day spa.  And yeah, the photos are her.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th October 2014, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: chubsy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Sept 14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 268 587 

Hours of Business : 9am - 8pm

Rates : 150 45min

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : slim/curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : mixed

Services Provided : rnt bodyslides

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Finally had the pleasure to catch up with Jess in her Docklands apartment. The booking was very easy via text. We booked a mutually convenient time and off I went. As i arrived I got a text that she was running 10 mins late and to wait, no biggie. Finally time to ring the bell. I always have a laugh when my fellow punters have problems with buzzes and doors, karma must have been against me because I couldn't work out how to buzz Jess and in the mean time there were people walking in and out of the building. Felt like a knob. Finally worked it out and up I went. Knock on the door and Jess opens up. In my opinion she is an attractive lady nice bod great nips. She invites me into a nice and tidy apartment and straight into the bedroom. A little chit chat before she asks me to strip off and lay on the bed. After a few minutes she comes back she oils my up with heaps of oil (thankfully it was baby oil) and starts the body slides on my back. About half way she asks me to flip over and continues more bodyslides on my front with heaps more oil. Feeling her body and tits on me made me blow a huge load. Jess cleaned me up and continued a massage on my back until time was up. Showered and fixed the financials and off I went. I had a great time and will be definitely back.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th October 2014, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: Squirter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What nationality?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 10:38 AM
Poster ID: chubsy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
she is Caucasian with a mixed euro background


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: gugugaga_tababa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Should this be in the private massage lady section?


