Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2019, 05:23 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Joan - Melbourne CBD - 0405 235 131 / 0466 8845 74
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : I booked Joan, but ended up with WL who answered the door, could be Mimi in the photos, but tat's look different

Establishment : Lt Collins St, between Elizabeth and Queen, almost on corner of Queen

Date of Visit : mid/late Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...i-CBD-CBD.html

Phone : 0405235131 / 0466884574

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $130/0.5h, $20 extra for "lick pussy"

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : petite, very cute, glasses, lots of ink

Nationality or Ethnicity : not sure

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : Trying to find a park near here will take a while. It is an older apartment building and does not have front door intercom. When you are "here" you will get a telephone call to talk you through the entry process. The woman on the phone is precise and firm and I got the impression she had given these instructions a lot. As you walk to the apartment there is a central light court and you can be seen from the apartments on the other side, some of which seemed to have more WL's lazing around. Knock on door. Door opens, very cute WL in kimono with glasses shows me in. Room is dark. Living room is sort of screened off with a bed in it. Two or three other rooms off to the left. WL shows me into the living room area. Double bed with mattress and a grey protector. TV was on with some mindless noise but with screen covered by something. Bathroom was near front door on right as enter. Could hear action in other rooms and people going to the bathroom. After some communication difficulties I understand Joan is busy and will be available in 10 minutes. Knowing that 5 minutes can mean half an hour asked if she was available. Slight reluctant nod and she walks off. I remain dressed and standing. She comes back in a few minutes with a box of various bottles and stuff and places next to bed. She drops the kimono to reveal a great body with extensive ink and nice lingerie which is also removed. I strip and carefully place my clothes in a stack on my thongs as this place doesn't look like it gets any cleaning. She asks me to lie down, I do, thorough clean up with wipes then straight on with the dom for a CBJ with too much teeth. I reach to touch her breast and she moves away, try again, moves away again. WTF, no touching the breast. While she is very cute I'm thinking let's get this over with so motion to stop the CBJ. She mounts up in CG and goes up and down a few times, I go for the double breast fondle, no problem this time. Fantastic B cups. After about half a minute she says you on top and takes up doggy position. She was so totally uninvolved and seemed to be just catching a few moments asleep. Guide myself in and was very nice with a view of extensive ink work. I wanted to see her so after about another half a minute moved to mish. She has eyes closed head to the side. Blow. She does clean up. We dress. She checks coast is clear to exit, no, hold sign, wait, someone is going to/from bathroom. See another WL, also petite and cute, maybe Mimi in the photos. I'm given the go to exit. Walking back down the corridor past the light court, another punter coming the other way, head down, eyes on phone. This is a grubby high volume operation with cute WLs that will deliver but only the minimum. When texting I was going for the $20 extra to "lick pussy" but didn't take up that option as the WL was so disinterested.


