Thread Title: Joanna - CBD - Coromandel place, Off Little Collins Street
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th April 2016, 09:57 PM
Poster ID: mboggler
Post Title: 
 Joanna - CBD - Coromandel place, Off Little Collins Street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joanna

Establishment : Melbourne CBD

Date of Visit : Jan 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : So sorry I forgot the phone number, am trying to retrieve from a few fellow punters

Hours of Business : 10-10 i think

Rates : $110 30 mins, fully inclusive

Age : 26-30

Size/shape : small/petit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian, I think Vietnamese or Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ/FS/Massage

Value for money/recommend? : If I can get a younger hotter chick at this place

My experience/comments : 

Called and asked who was on. Was told Joanna, Jojo, Mimi and Kiki (or Yuki.. not sure i didn't hear properly). Asked whether Jojo's service is nice and was told she does massage only. 


Went in anyway because I was feeling horny. Joanna opened the door, and led me to the room right next to the entrance. Nice clean vaccumed carpet, well laid out bed with fresh looking towels. Okay, this looks good. Joanna came in and asked what I wanted, and whether I'd like to stay with her. We agreed on CBJ and FS (I enquired about nat bj but she refused, and was open to me seeing the other girls) for 30 mins, $110. I didn't have change so handed over 3 pineapples. Knew this was going to prompt something because of all the upsell reported on this venue before. Sure enough, mamasan (looked 50years+) peeped in and suggested I stay for 45 mins for 150, I enquired if I can cum twice and received a positive reply.


All good, the session got underway. As mentioned in the description and also reported by another punter, Joannna clearly had a lot of loose skin on her belly which was removed, because the belly looks strangely disfigured, like someone had botched up a stitching job. the tits are long and a tad droopy but a nice handful, big brown nipples (a bit too big for my liking), rest of body is quite nice and fit. Joanna is 6/10 looks-wise, actually quite pleasant on the eye, and very soft spoken. Speaks okay english, although she has mastered the art of speaking constantly without the words meaning much in actual english. so she blabbered through the whole booking and I caught what must have been 50-60% of her words, the rest were inaudible/ gibberish to my ears, and I'm a native english speaker.


Session itself was OK, nothing to write home about... fairly mechanical CBJ, followed by a limited choice of position (took doggy for 1st round and missionary for 2nd), pussy felt quite lose although she does have the ability to contract her pubic muscles which adds some tightness back to the experience.


Took a shower at the end of the session, the bathroom was nice and clean. Saw a young girl (might be Jojo) sitting at the table in the living area, she looks very very plain, even though young, no way I would book her for a massage. I complimented Joanna on the cleanliness of the premises and she said mornings are a good time to come when everything has been freshly cleaned and laid.


WIR: not for me. I was horny as hell and needed a release, however for 150 bucks some of the asian parlours in the burbs offer better value I think. Good thing about this place is obviously the location, very convenient to get to from work. if this gang invested in getting better looking, younger hotties (like Annie's did), then it can lure me back, otherwise i'll skip in the future


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th April 2016, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep these cbd apartments are trying hard to revive the old tiffanys, but there still falling short.


