Thread Title: Julia - CBD - 0451 625 506
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2017, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Julia - CBD - 0451 625 506
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???????? ??????? ????? ??? ????? ??? Love Big Breasts? Love a REAL GFE? Love a Asian Size 6 Body? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unknown, but probably 10am onwards (based on SMS receipt times)

Rates : $150/30

Age : 30s?

Size/shape : Slim to skinny, nice D cup tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / yes

My experience/comments : 

First up, the photos are of her. Since the photos were taken she's had some inking done, and lost a bit of weight, but those nipples are hers, as is that arse. So that's a good thing -- no bait and switch.

Made an appointment with her via text with little issue. What was interesting in the txt arrangements was that clearly her English was quite good. When I got to her apartment in the northern end of the CBD, I buzzed in, and had a decent conversation with her, before being asked up, ie her English was very good.

Made it to her room with no issues, get inside, pretty girl, decent body, probably a match for the pictures, even though the apartment was very dim. Got a light on to get out money, so damn close as makes no odds. Sorted out the finances, she undressed, I undressed, we started off with some DATY -- very meaty lips down here, and quite hairy. If either of those are a turn-off for you, avoid. She performed a decent enough CBJ before hopping on top -- no need for lube thanks to the earlier DATY. She was happily bouncing up and down, I was happily lying back watch her bounce up and down, and then she started to make these weird noises. Imagine Roy Rogers saying "Yai yibbity yai" but in a girly tone with a fake orgasm vibe to it. 

I lost my erection (earlier in the morning I'd polished off a waitress I knew from a few years ago who was back in Melbourne, and I'm not as young as I used to be), but in all honesty these noises were a bit offputting. Managed to get it back up again. Got some doggy action, then the Roy Rogers impression started again. That was it, erection lost, but Julia was good about it, and gave me an excellent HJ to completion.

Second weird thing was that at the end of the session, her English language skills seemed to desert her. Chatting away, and then all of sudden she needed to go for the phone for the translator app. Yet earlier in the session she'd been more than passable with her English skills.

In summary, she's got a decent body, and an endearing attitude. She was really concerned with my detumescence, and thought it was because of her. I reassured her it wasn't, and she seemed happy with that. I'd return (but next time not a few hours after rogering Susie) and would recommend her as an honest advertiser and a good punt. Just remember your earplugs.

Dean.


