Thread Title: Julie -  Melbourne CBD -  0499 917 422
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2016, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: veinlk
Post Title: 
 Julie -  Melbourne CBD -  0499 917 422
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : Private establishment

Date of Visit : 22/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?0499917422?~Beauty KOREAN JULIE~CBD No.1~100% Real Pic+gfe+DFK/168cm/49kg - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : SMS

Rates : $150/30 mins

Age : early to mid 30s

Size/shape : slim, fake D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No for me

My experience/comments : Texting was prompt and no fuss. Arrived at the apartment to see Julie with a nice one piece blue dress; the photos on her ad are real and she's Korean. Her body is slim with a nice rack of D cup fake boobs while her face is heavy with make-up but alluring enough, though you can tell she is definitely not 25, 30s would be a much better guess.

She greeted me with a friendly smile but everything was pretty much downhill from that point. It was all very methodical as she basically gave commands to me to go to the room, undress, go to the showers, here's the towel etc. She did join me for a 'shower together' as her ad suggested but it was all her washing me, she wouldn't let me touch her at all. Then she ushered me out and showered herself, while I had to rinse my mouth with mouthwash. She got out shortly and I was told to lie on the bed for the foreplay.

The foreplay was good and sensual but felt too short. She gave me nipples some good licking and went her way down for a bbbj - and this was definitely the highlight of the session. It was gentle but with good suction, the occasional eye contact helped too. I was afraid of blowing in her mouth and perhaps she sensed that too, so she hopped off, on with the dom and started cowgirl. The ride was...ok? I mean she would change up the pace and I could play with her breasts and all but it just felt like she was whinging me out as fast as possible, and oh she tried to avoid the DFK she advertised as much as possible. 

The ride was about 5 minutes and we changed to missionary. She was tighter in this position and sure it felt good but her face looked pretty disinterested, it was facing sideways all the time with some mechanical moans. Only got some 'DFK' when I asked - barely any tongue and all teeth wall. So I thought 'fuck it' and just blew me load there.

It was nice that she would join me in the after shower again and cleaned me up but no touching was allowed. I was pretty disengaged at that point so even though there were still 10 minutes left, I got dressed quickly and left. Didn't help when she sat on the bed and played with her nails without ushering a word while I dressed up. 

TL;DR Korean at her 30s with good body and a decent face. Mechanical session that went through the motions, good bbbj though. Advertised a good bunch of services but delivered little, don't expect to get everything as advertised. I would most likely not revisit.


