Thread Title: Julia - CBD - 0406 973 885
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd October 2016, 09:16 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Julia - CBD - 0406 973 885
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia 

Establishment : Private Apartment near RMIT

Date of Visit : 3/10/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : THAI-Chinese 40DD GIGANTIC JUGS (BOOBS) - Nice Curves on a Size 8 Body (. ) (. ) HONEST SELFIES - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $150/30 mins, FS extras available but ask in person (it ended up this was limited to BBBJ for +$50)

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Slim, C-cups at best, most definitely not the girl in the ad

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No, avoid.

My experience/comments : 

Negatives:


Bait and switch -- not the same girl as in the web adsClock watcherNo DFK (mentioned via SMS, not in ad)No 69 (mentioned via SMS, not in ad)Spanish not on (mentioned via SMS, not in ad)When I didn't come soon enough (we were going doggy style), she tried to encourage ejaculation by reaching underneath her and damn near ripping my balls off. Unclear how this is meant to help

Positives:


Massage was lovely and sensual. It was the best part of the experienceCBJ was reasonably goodNice apartmentShe's a reasonably pleasant person, with a good grasp of English. Just doesn't supply what is offered in the ad.

Was disappointed with this punt. So disappointed, I could only muster the energy for the bullet points above rather than a narrative. In this case the negatives far outweighed the positives, and I would have been better off keeping the $150 in my pocket. Struggling to find anything positive out of the whole thing.

There seems to be a raft of WLs coming into Melbourne FIFO from Sydney -- sometimes via the Bourke St/Lt Collins St apartment (the one with the dog in the nappy), and now a bunch of independents. SMS queries result in identically formatted texts. It could be that plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery, or they are from the one master message...

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th October 2016, 04:14 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks, Dean.

Negative reviews are worth their weight in gold.

SB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th October 2016, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Small Bane


Thanks, Dean.

Negative reviews are worth their weight in gold.

S
"""



All reviews (good, bad or indifferent) are worth their weight as long as they are honest as this gives a history from various perspectives.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 07:16 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by cl-dean



[*]Bait and switch -- not the same girl as in the web ad
"""




Just wondering if you had to wait until the door opened to figure this out? There are a ton of these fakes on Backpage/Cracker, the general rule is if it looks like professional photos of glamour Asian it is probably fake. If the rates for this glamour model are under $250, it is fake, and if it has the phone number printed over the photo it is definitely fake.


