Thread Title: Julia - CBD - 0413 792 538
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th February 2017, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Julia - CBD - 0413 792 538
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 22/2/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.backpage.com.au/FemaleEscorts/the-best-part-f-waking-up-is-someone-in-your-cup-call-4-pecial/37317132
 
Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $150/30 minutes

Age : Claimed 22, but I'd be guessing late 20s or early 30s

Size/shape : Perfect for me. Hourglass figure, but with a bit of flesh. Nice tits, and nice thighs. I'm no expert, but size 10 or 12 I would guess with generous Cs or small Ds on the bust.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : This one is difficult to summarize. See review.

My experience/comments : 

OK, first up, blind Freddy can see that the photos are different girls. Julia is the one in the POV doggy-style position.

So I rocked up to the apartment with the boilerplate promises of DFK, GFE, 69, etc. I get to the door to be greeted by a lovely girl next door type. It is so nice to see a WL in this game who is not any of: a junkie, ridiculously skinny, or tired eyes. Things are looking good!

Everything is professional, her English is passable, and she clearly has a good bod on her. She is also running another completely unrelated business out of her apartment, and does this part time to supplement her income.

I undressed, she undressed; the body got better and better the more she took off (how many times have we seen well-designed clothing hide an average body?). Yes, this is looking up. Not model material but attractive and curves in all the right places.

The problems started when we got down to business on the bed. Clean freak (which is becoming par for the course), but apparently the ad was wrong. No 69 or DATY, and no kissing. Hmmm. This is a girl-next-door fantasy chick, but it's not looking good.

She pops on a dom, and provides an excellent CBJ. Then on top for some cowgirl, we move into doggy and end up side saddle, and after about 10 minutes there I blew. What Julia is excellent at is tightening her pussy muscles and going slowly along the whole shaft. At times, it felt like BB it was so good (it's OK, it wasn't!)

Positives: attractive girl, great bod, excellent technical root. And once I got chatting to her outside of the reason for the visit, she's a lovely girl.
Negatives: Mechanical service, pre-programmed moans, lack of extras.

For me, I will likely go back, simply because I find her so damn attractive. But the price and lack of extras says I can't recommend in good faith to anyone else on the forum. If you do go, just be aware of the caveats. And the view from the apartment is amazing.

Dean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th February 2017, 09:23 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like a fun time regardless of the lack of extras.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st March 2017, 12:03 PM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just checked the ad. at:

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.backpage.com.au/Fem...ecial/37317132

She now says her name is 'Mona'. Bunch of girls using the same number / venue ????


