Thread Title: Julie 19 Yr GFE - Dandenong - 0451 917 379
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th March 2018, 12:25 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 Julie 19 Yr GFE - Dandenong - 0451 917 379
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie


Establishment : Hotel - Comfort Inn Dandenong



Date of Visit : 27/01/2018



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? ??? ????Dandenong ? ? Lovely Face?19yo Julie 36D ?? Juicy Tight Pussy 0451917379 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au



Hours of Business : Not sure but I think most. I was there at 9pm (Sort of see below, LOL)



Rates : 1hr $220, 1/2hr $130



Age : Says 19 but I think more like 24-27



Size/shape : As per Photo size 8-10?



Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese



Services Provided : FS, CBJ, Body Slide, Massage



Value for money/recommend? : Yes, ok



My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
So, boring Saturday evening/night and surfing the web, decided to look at "Backpage" as some of the members seemed to be going down that track and I had never tried it before. Many are around the $250+/hr and I'm thinking I can go to "big house" for $220 so why pay the extra. Found the add for Julie for $220/hr and sent the text off.
Reply came back (from a different mobile number..) hotel name available at 9pm, quick shower and spruce up and off I go. I know the area quite well as I used to work around there and rock up to the hotel I text and ask for the room number and the reply comes Level 1 room XX. I wander in and start to look at the room numbers and then realise I'm at the wrong hotel (Shit!!). The correct hotel is just down the road on the opposite side. Quick text I'll be 5 more min's and jump back in the car. (Note to self: Next time don't be a smart ass and double check address....:-))

This time at the correct hotel wander in pass a woman having a smoke outside and politely say "Hello" as I climb the stairs. Find room easy knock on the door and wait to see who opens the door.....
Door opens with girl hiding behind as I enter. Surprised to find nice looking girl possible could be the girl in the pictures but can't confirm as face in pictures is hidden. If you meet Julie you will know as she has a distinctive mole above her left eye (but not ugly IMHO). She is dressed sexily in a see through negligee and starts hugging me and rubbing herself against me (nice I think)!!

She then asks for $250 and I reply "no, the ad says $220", She tries to sweet talk me "baby I give you good time" but I pull back a little and say, "its ok, maybe another time". She quickly changes and says "No, no no, wait" grabs her phone and hold onto me, then shoots off a quick text in Chinese. Quick reply came back (must have said all ok) and she accepted the $220 and the negotiations all complete.
She then starts to pull at my clothes and undress me all the while rubbing my little fella down below. Once off with my clothes she dashes off (I'm thinking WTF) and goes to bathroom switched on fan and light came back and handed me a towel. By this stage I'd figured out her English was pretty limited so I didn't both trying to explain I'd just had a shower, so I jumped in and had a quick rinse off to make her happy.

Finally down to business, she's got some Chinese music going and she pushed me onto the bed. Sliding her body over me to get junior aroused again. Once awake she rolls over and grabs a condom from the side bench and applies it with her mouth. She then goes to town giving me a sloppy deep blow job. She is pretty good and it and goes long and deep. I try to spin her around for daty but she's not having it, so I signal to her I want to finish with "boom-boom". She flips around grabs some lube from the side table and spreads her legs onto back for mish position. I enter her and start pumping away, I think she applied a bit too much lube and she was a little sloppy and loose. She must have noticed too and she motioned for me to flip onto my back and she starts to ride me cowgirl up and down furiously. Nice site seeing her tits bouncing up and down and watching my cock go in and out of her pussy and after a few more minutes of this I unloaded.

Panting she collapses beside me and after a few moments grabs tissues from the side table and cleans me up then throws it into the bin beside the bed (this girl is all setup and has everything close by)...
She smiles and seems nice so I try to start up a little conversation however her English is not so good and my Mandarin is basic at best. The air con is on and she feels a little cold so she hops up and pushes up the flap to try to direct it away. I chuckle to myself as its on "sweep" mode and it just continues on to blow up and down LOL. I look around for the remote and grab it and show her how to change it. She smiles and uses the translator on her phone to tell me I'm a nice man and she likes me. As we recharge for round 2 she looks for music on her phone and then starts to sing to me (she's not too bad, but most Chinese songs sung by girls are quite high pitched).

Anyway all rested up and we begin round 2. She starts again with CBJ but not working for me this time, so she "spits" in the bin (I guess bad taste from lube on condom), pulls it of and replaces with a new condom then jumps on top for another round of cowgirl. She must be pretty fit and have good leg muscles and we go at this for a while. As its second time round I know it will take me longer to cum and I motion her I want to go doggy. She is ok with this and gets on all fours on the bed and awaits for me to enter her. She has nice hips and a smaller waist (I always find this sexy in a girl). I hold her thighs and start to thrust into her. She moans (not sure if fake) as I start to thrust back and forth harder. This continues for a while with me getting faster and deeper until I shoot my load, by which stage I'm buggered.

We both collapse onto the bed and again she is nice enough to clean me up, dispose of the items into the bin beside the bed while I recover. Time is pretty much up however she offers me a shower which I take.
We get dressed (well she just puts on her negligee) and she gives me a kiss and a cuddle and asks me to come back again as I exit the door.

All up she is a nice girl with a decent body and she tries hard to please. I would have liked to had daty but she didn't seem to want this the two times I tried. Her English was limited which made it a bit difficult, however my Mandarin isn't much good either.
All in all not a bad for my first "Backpage" effort. It could have been worse.
Cheers
Jas!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th March 2018, 05:12 PM
Poster ID: NoFeelings
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had a similar experience with Julie, when I entered she told me "250", yet the ad clearly stated 220, when I showed her the ad she said "no condom suck another 30", so I declined that not wanting to spend any more money on what I thought would be a bad punt, all in all it was a pretty standard experience, but I wouldn't recommend her if you're after a girl you can connect with, Julie seems to go through the motions and like Jassy said, no DATY and doesn't like to be touched down there which was a bit of a mood killer, but if you go earlier in the evening or the daytime you might have a better experience. Also she tried to short change me on time about 20 minutes before the hour booking had ended, I was very disappointed with that, but YMMV.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th March 2018, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by NoFeelings


I had a similar experience with Julie, when I entered she told me "250", yet the ad clearly stated 220, when I showed her the ad she said "no condom suck another 30", so I declined that not wanting to spend any more money on what I thought would be a bad punt, all in all it was a pretty standard experience, but I wouldn't recommend her if you're after a girl you can connect with, Julie seems to go through the motions and like Jassy said, no DATY and doesn't like to be touched down there which was a bit of a mood killer, but if you go earlier in the evening or the daytime you might have a better experience. Also she tried to short change me on time about 20 minutes before the hour booking had ended, I was very disappointed with that, but YMMV
"""



How about a full review then? We are a review site after all.
Keep in mind posts like this are not included in your post tally towards Silver and Gold membership.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th April 2018, 09:55 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address:- As below

Hours of Business : In my case 1.00 pm but suggests she works late

Rates : $120 30 min 

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : 160cm, very attractive, Medium Build, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, DATY, Massage of sorts

Value for money/recommend : Yes, but 

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/redir...379%2F69972152

Looking for some more Backpage action, and I remembered a review of Julie. I read the report and said I must get some of that. Particularly as I liked the look of the photos. Rang early in the day and was told she would be available after 1.00 pm that day. Rang her on the dot and she said that she had just started work. If I could be there soon, I would be her first client for the day.

Was given the address at the Comfort Motel in Princes Hwy Dandenong

Drive into carpark at appointed time and text to get room number. Got a reply saying 5 minutes babe, getting dressed up. My cock was starting to get solid at the thought of a young Chinese hooker getting dressed up just for me.....lol....

Minutes later, I get a text to the room number..

I approach the door, knock, and it opens. Yes she was hiding behind the door. I walked into the dark room, my eyes adjusting to the light conditions. I turn around to see a long haired Asian girl, dressed in a pretty black and white number that would not out of place in a shopping centre. Nothing special. There goes my cock....Her advert stated $120 for 30 minutes but as I gave her the cash she asked for an additional $10. I refused, saying I did not have any more money. I was prepared to walk if she persisted. She took my coin and handed me a towel for the obligatory shower.

When I returned to the bedroom she stripped, not allowing me the pleasure to peel the fruit. She told me to get onto the bed and then she started with the standard nipple suck, then BBBJ, and wanted to Dom me up immediately.

I had other plans as I wanted some playtime with her breasts and pussy. Nothing to detail as it was pretty meh...no reaction from her at all.

She then domed me up and lay back legs wide open and in the air. I said that I wanted doggy. She turned around and presented her arse and puss to me. Got a handful of lube, slapped it on my cock and put it into her sloppy pussy. I pumped away, pulling her by her hips. Pounded her hard and got my knob all tingly.

Bang, cop this....

All of this action was concluded in 15 minutes and she waved me to the shower. I said that I had time left and wanted a massage. She said that she had another customer waiting and I said that he can wait. She started a lacklustre rub of my back and thighs for about 5 minutes, finishing with the Chinese chop chop. I got up and seeing that I still had 10 minutes left, I took a long..... shower. Beautiful.....lovely warm water cascading over my Adonis of a body.....I wish........

Got out, slowly dried off and went back to the bedroom. Julie was already dressed in her outfit, applying lipstick..didn't even shower !!!!!

I got dressed.....slowly and then I noticed 30 minutes up....good time well spent...

I exited the motel room to see a male sitting in a car, opposite the room. As I got into my vehicle and prepare my notes, I noticed the hombre get out of his car, go to the same room and knock....what are you going to be doing for the next 30 minutes.....I hope it was't anyone here....if it was, my apologies


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th April 2018, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gents, my bad...

In my review of Julie, below, I made the following statement.

"Her advert stated $120 for 30 minutes but as I gave her the cash she asked for an additional $10. I refused, saying I did not have any more money. I was prepared to walk if she persisted. She took my coin and handed me a towel for the obligatory shower."

This is incorrect. 

This statement is from a review in draft. I made an error in pasting and it made it into the review. Somehow I could not edit it out of the review. 

Apologies again, my mistake. Wol.....


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th April 2018, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
2 of the 6 pictures of Julie show her genitals, the last picture on her knees, is a nice view.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th April 2018, 07:17 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I like your style Wol!


