Thread Title: Jully, Korean Escort - Melbourne - 0422 131 607
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd October 2013, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: solace
Post Title: 
 Jully, Korean Escort - Melbourne - 0422 131 607
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jully

Establishment : Advertising as Private Escort

Date of Visit : October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422 131 607

Hours of Business : 12pm onwards

Rates : 350/hr

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : size 8 (slim/athletic)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Full Service 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Looking through Melbourne Backpage website I came across a couple of Ads that interested me. I tried to contact Jia first but was informed she was on holidays. Jully was next, and a booking was arranged after exchanging a few sms.

Jully arrived a few minutes after the agreed time, though I did receive an sms informing me she was running a few minutes late. It was a cool night. Jully was wearing a long greyish jacket and my initial thought was she looked a size larger than I had assumed. She was quite shy and barely spoke a few simple words of English. So it was clear that she was not the one I had exchanged the sms with. But she seemed pleasant enough.

Once she removed her Jacket, I could see she was slim/athletic and certainly no more than size 7 or 8 and her black dress showed off her body well. Not much conversation due to her lack of English, so we headed for bed. As her clothes came off, I was well pleased to see her slim, firm well shaped body. 
We slid under the covers and she pulled me on top of her and locked her lips on to mine.

We kissed passionately for quite some time. She rolled me over onto my back and slowly moved down kissing my neck, chest, stomach and then licked around my penis and balls before swallowing my penis deep into her mouth. WOW!! The next few minutes were heavenly. She sucked gently but firmly and kept sucking me deep into her throat, almost gagging a couple of times. I sat up and lay her down on her back and enjoyed some delicious daty for a while.
On with the dom and she straddled me. She was nice and tight and it sure felt good as she was grinding away; leaning forward at times to kiss me. It was getting hot!! She suddenly put her arms around me and rolled over on to her back, pulling me on top. She grabbed my bum and kept pulling me deep inside and I suddenly felt her back arch and her body twitched and shuddered. I soon exploded inside her. She wrapped her legs around me and kept me deep inside her as we lay there trying to catch our breath, until her phone buzzed and it was time for a quick shower and off she went.
She may not have been as pretty as some of the girls I have seen previously; but I was glad I booked her; as she certainly provided a very sexy and enjoyable experience, leaving me with a smile on my face.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th November 2013, 01:55 PM
Poster ID: solace
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I noticed that Jully has an ad on "Backpage" website. I just wanted to point out that the face pics are 100% accurate, however the "body" pics are not. Jully does have a nice firm smooth body, but not not quite as hot as these photo's suggest. 

She was still worth seeing though and I did have an enjoyable time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th November 2013, 08:23 PM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I like your review. Great to hear that you had a good experience with Jully. Quite a contrast to my experience with Rose. However, perhaps I should have kept away from Locanto (which is where I found Rose) and instead tried "Backpage" or Cracker for the Korean girls (I noticed that Jully is also has a Cracker ad).


