Thread Title: Kathy - Melb CBD -  0434 276 069
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th December 2017, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Kathy - Melb CBD -  0434 276 069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kathy

Establishment : Horror Hotel

Date of Visit : Nov'17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? ?2 girls available now 80/20, 100/30mins?? ?If not real photo then Free service !!!!?? ? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $180 p/h

Age : 20's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS, DATY, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

NOTE: Its almost 1 month since I was there. But she has updated her pictures. The one in purple underwear were very close to what she looked like. Not so much the black.
NOTE2: This is the last of my review in my going back in time series. The visit before this would have been my Stephanie (or natasha) review. So I was very excited that I found one ad that looked like the real person (in my opinion). 


So, as usually felt the need for a thrill and were tossing up a few different ads from Backpage. Now Kathy has been on the back of my mind purely because the picture with Elizabeth Street corner in the background. I thought it is a good chance of it being real. Her showing her face does take the excitment away somewhat and she look okay in the image. 

Nevertheless after the recent fake pic fiasco, I decided I needed something more concrete/certain. So gave Kathy a go and she looks to have decent size boobs in the image. The set up as usual was quick and painless, she even confirmed that she is independent which is good. 

Made my way down to the laneway where I am staying. Now when I got there, I started to have second thoughts about turning back. Not only the laneway is a perfect place to be mugged, but the entrance to the apartment was something akin to straight out of a horror movie. It was so shady and had a little sign labelled "hotel" on it. Looking at the buzzers there were only 3 appartments (1 per floor?). I'm now thinking @#$@!, I could end up on the news or hospital like being shot at and mugged. Finally i said, screw it and went in, so texted telling her I'm in.

She walked up the stairs and arrived at the door and knocked. I opened the door and the girl appeared. Yes she is the one in the photos, but she looks actually a lot prettier than I expected...(SCORE!) - [Note: not all punters may like her looks :P]

Showed her in. Inside is what looks to be an old warehouse (high ceillings) converted into a very large apartment. There were another bedroom or two. I mention to her this is a very scary place, but she totally ignored me and showed went into the bedroom. Inside is not too bad and relatively clean. It is now I realised this girl absolutely speaks NO ENGLISH   DAMN.

She asked where  the bathroom was, I point to the shower. I actually thought she was going to wash but then she walked out. The bathroom is very old and something I would expect at an run down motel. But it is not dirty at least. 

Into the room, and she undressed and so I got onto the bed. What follow as rather an ordinary performance to be honest. A quick kiss (no tongue), and straight on to licking of the nipples where she stayed. Then she popped on the dom, and proceeded to lick balls and an average blowjob. She then asked if I wanted lube (or perhaps if I wanted to commence the main), I nodded thinking it was the former and she applied before hopping on.

At least she is decently tight which is good (compared to my last couple of fake punts). So it was cowgirl for a fair bit while I watch in amazement of being able to bang such a pretty girl  Forgot to mention, I was disappointed that her boobs are relatively small, it was also rather on the softer side. After a couple of more positions I was a little puffed out,  and wanted to rest a little. But she asked me for handjob. I know we are not at the halfway point of the booking and HJ normally means her wanting to end things. BUT the thing was this apartment does not have any aircon, so it was VERY hot given the current weather in Melb.

A part of me actually wanted it to end as well as it was rather uncomfortable. So she gave me a decent HJ before looking at me and asking me if it was okay to position her ass towards my face (69 position). Hell yea. I was hoping she would go for a bbbj but she stuck with the hands, and I started playing with her pussy. She moaned every time which was nice. She kept shaking her pussy at my face and I knew she wanted to be eaten 

I decided to open up her butt and pussy to make sure it was clean, but it was at this point she let it ripped!! Yes she farted in my face, but lucky I was exhaling at that particular moment and I did not smell anything. There was no after smell too thank god. Sort of ruin the moment a bit because now I am thinking about horror images of having poo squired on my face. Still I decided to dive in and she moan with delight   this was probably the best part of the whole session, but was sort of ruin when she grabbed my hand and got me to jerk off myself while she occassionaly flung her tits on my cock.

Later she explained her arms got tired with giving me a HJ. Anyway, the excitment got to me and I tried to unload while she had her boobs hovering on my cock. Not sure if I managed to hit the mark but she did jump off and grab the tissues (ahh...rookie mistake of not having tissue near by ) She wiped me down and then started to pack things up. 
At this point I knew there was time left, but she went on proceed to have a shower. I went and checked the time on my phone and it was on the 35min mark. When she came back she looked a little suprised that I was still naked and I thought about asking for a massage. But I think she would most likely pretend not to understand and I CBF arguing in this oven. I went to take a shower dressed and went back. She was on her phone and then started tyding up / counting her money in the bag. I looked away out of courtesy and thought perhaps she would return some cash due to shorten session. But nope. 
In hindsight, I wonder if she was checking to see if I stole anything while she was showering. Anyway, she then went to the door and left and we said good bye. 

Overall, this girl has potential. If only she spoke some english so it feels less cold/clinical. Also the experience wasn't too sensual, although the end bit was a little fun. No DFK definately kills it. In the end, I'm undecided on this as the experience was rather average (with the exception of the end). I would suggest to you that if you decide to try, go for 30min or 45min. Also may try and ask about the other girl next time if I do go back 

Until then...


