Thread Title: Kelly - Melb CBD - 0416 169 529
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th December 2017, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Kelly - Melb CBD - 0416 169 529
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly - Melb CBD - 0416169529

Establishment : PVT apartment

Date of Visit : Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...n-CBD-CBD.html

Hours of Business : After 4pm

Rates : $220 p/h

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Slim but solid

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS/CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Meh/Unsure

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So, scrolling through Locanto and I saw an add for a pretty hot chick (miumiu) down on Collins street, but it turns out that she was a bit out of the way and I cant be bother going that far. Then saw an ad for Kelly who have long hair and was in the same apartment as Molly. So, decided to give it a go thinking maybe it could be the hot housemate/Ivy  But unfortunately she does not start work till 4pm. Had to do some shuffling and told her I will confirm later in the day.
Later in the day came and when trying to confirm it turns out she had a booking a 4pm but can do 420pm. I hesitated because I don't want sloppy seconds  But i took it anyways.

On my way, I walked pass Posh Sonya (or someone looked very much like her). Made me thinking of giving her another visit one day. Anyways, rocked up ...door opens and a very plain looking girl in tracksuit opens. Hard to describe, but reminds me a little bit of those Troll dolls (without the wrinkles). She did look young at least but also had bushy eyebrows.  Hmm...not bushy bushy but thick enough to be a little disturbing. 
Went into the other bedroom this time, and then pretty much the usual routine. On a plus side, Kelly did know some English. The shower in this room was better but the towel was a bit crap, also notice a few towels in the washing machine. I wonder how many clients came through before me  

Back into the bedroom and Kelly was already naked, and setting up the tissues/doms. 
There was also a very large analogue alarm clock next to bed, which is a plus because easier to tell if she tries to pull a shifty.  

On to the action, she wanted me to lie on my tummy to start off. Did this useless tickling massage, where she lightly brush her fingers all over your back. Then she rub her titties all over, which isn't bad. Finally she did the same with her tongue....at first it felt good because i didn't know it was her tongue and thought it was her nipples. But then i realised and it actually gross me out a little just thinking about her saliva over my back. (Must remember to wash my back I thought). 

Finally came the flip and more rubbing of her tittles and got me to full mask.   Licked my balls a bit and then unfortunately reached for the dom. Was hoping that i get the Molly treatment of a free BBBJ. Now, this is when the first problem came. The dom was a bit tight and it actually cause some pain on my poor willy. Did not felt good at all, and slowly and surely I lost the hard on. She Tried to more licking and the nipple sucking to get it back. A few minutes later (thank god), it id. I was a little scare that the pain would be back, but thankfully she decided to change to a different dom. i can only assume this one was bigger because no pain this time and it was on. A few seconds of CBJ and she decided to hop on. I think she holds the record of the shortest BJ ever. The usual CG but she pretty much lies on top and i was left to do all the work. After the initial entry she loosen up pretty much straight away and I started having terrible memories of my experience with Yoyo. 
Midway through came some farting noise which put me off a bit but I figured out it was just her pussy air+ juice making the noise. The fake CG went for some time before my cock slipped out, again she was loose but not as bad as Yoyo. This was the queue for her to change position. I actually didn't mind CG because I knew she will ask for mish which I really don't like. So I quickly spun her to spoon position. Thank god she understood because some girls don't :P Normally can get a pretty good grip but unfortunately it felt like banging thin air which was weird. I put my fingers down there to make sure it was indeed in. So I alter the position slightly until I was able to cross the line by closing my eyes and pull up a few good images :P 

Once done threw me some tissues and self service wipe down in order. She grab some wet ones and also helped out eventually. I looked at the clock and there was still 25mins to go. So I lied there and she took the hint to start a more decent massage. Still wasn't great but better than the initial back tickle crap. She only did my legs and then hands before the usual shower. I managed to ask her how many girls in the apartment and she indicated 3. Asked her about Molly and she laugh with what seem like a little acknowledgement but asking about Debbie drew a blank. So maybe Deb has left....

Door to door time check was 55mins which aint that bad for a BP punt. 
At least this place the girls don't short change you on time  On the way out, I keep wondering if maybe I should have taken the first option with Miumiu. I think I will check her out next. 



Pros: 
- Friendly girl with a little English. 
- She is tall and have long hair if that is your thing. 
- Rack size - Between A-B. 
- Did not short change on time. 
- If you squint she does look cute, especially when hair is covering part of her face. 


Cons:
- Not much in the looks department 
- Average body with typical flat butt  
- No tightness downstairs department
- No kissing, although she does seem to have a little cold.
- Low energy service. In hindsight, I think it was because of back to back booking.
- During booking a guy knocking on the door and you can hear the other girl opening it.  A fair amount of chatting and laughing after that. He wasn't a punter I figured. He was carrying some shopping bags, so must be a friend who bought some food or refreshments over.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st December 2017, 07:31 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You mentioned Molly, she was reviewed on PP.  She was also classed as a plain jane, her face not visible  in add, but her body was exactly the same in the picture, and she was a younger girl, as the add suggested.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st December 2017, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep. I also put a review of Molly here. Sorry I should be clear. I do tend to make reference s to previous punts. The Molly review here is placed under Dean's review of Vicky because it had the same mobile.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st December 2017, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I met the teddy bear in the add in another apartment today .


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st December 2017, 09:06 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lol . That teddy could be their company mascot


