Thread Title: Kelly Raines - Melbourne - 0434 026 330
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2011, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: eggshen
Post Title: 
 Kelly Raines - Melbourne - 0434 026 330
				
Post Content: 
So after my 1st encounter with Kelly I just knew I had to make an overnight booking with her...

So after some chats on MSN with her we set a date on her upcoming Melbourne tour. We devised some wicked and dastardly plans.. Things to excite the senses and push the boundaries.

When looking for a hotel I decided to try something a bit different and went for the 5 Star Mystery Hotel' option on Wotif. So I picked Kelly up and took her to our mystery destination which turned out to be the Stamford Plaza Melbourne. We checked in and made our way up the glass elevator... Stealing a long passionate DFK along the way of course..

We arrived into our huuuuge and awesome room complete with spa.. Tonight was gonna be an awesome night

We threw our things down and excitedly explored all the fancyyy bits of the room.. Most importantly we checked out the bed... for yknow... comfort n stuff..

Kelly sat me down on the couch and pulled out her laptop and put on some very cool and sexy music that was totally Kelly to a tee. She then disappeared to the bathroom with a bag of goodies. Leaving me sitting there wondering what's she up to and what's on earth will happen to me?

Finally after what seemed like an eternity she appeared... and OMG she looked amazing.
Picture this.. Cute red pigtails.. An even cuter face and a hot curvy body. All tucked into a red and black corset and black tutu combo. Now picture that image of perfection slowly dancing and teasing and rubbing against you while you sit there with a huge stupid grin on your face and a tent pole developing in your pants.. goooood times.

As items of clothing started to disappear we got more hot and heavy.. and the teasing turned into absolute wanton lust. I grabbed her and pulled her in to kiss her lips while her hands massaged my nether.. She moved to her knees on the floor between my legs and started teasing and licking with that cheeky grin she has.. Her tongue licking all the way from my balls up the entire length of my shaft and flicking the tip sending shivers through my whole body... Then quickly she would engulf my whole cock with her mouth and deep throat me.. I grabbed her hair and held as she began to choke and gag.

She sucked and licked on my balls then moved even lower and rimmed my ass Kelly really reallyyyy knows what's she's doingg down there we moved over to the bed and Kelly was on top of me instantly smothering me with kisses and hickeys. Before long she was riding on top of me in cowgirl but she wanted more she wanted me in her ass. So we moved over to the bay window overlooking a busy and bustling Melbourne and Kelly got on all fours in the window as I took her from behind and fucked her ass I leant over her body to kiss her neck as our faces pressed up against the glass.. the hot gasps from Kelly clouding the window.

I pulled out and stood up while Kelly sat on the edge of the bay window looking up at me I came all over her tits and neck while her finger played with my asshole which just made the orgasm even more intense..

We collapsed on the bed exhausted.. We needed food So instead of ordering the uber expensive 5 star room service or going to a fancy restaurant we went online and ordered pizza hut pizzas.. We were totally doing it in style tonight lol..
After our pizza picnic on the bed we ran a spa in the bathroom.. We got in all bubbled up and hit the jets.. Kelly relaxed in my arms as we joked and laughed Then gave me a nice massage.. Then another kind of massage.. With her fingers in the ass.. The bubble jets made it feel even better somehow. I had to return the favour and finger fucked Kelly while she maneuvered herself in front of one of the jets for that extra 'pop'
We got out of the spa to relax and recover for a while.. Rolling around on the bed being stupid and having fun Which of course eventually evolved into kissing... rubbing... licking... sucking...

Kelly grabbed her bag of goodies and brought out one of my personal favourites.. Anal beads. But she was going to greedy and have them all to herself.. So I dove into my bag and pulled out my own personal vibrating toy. We took turns playing with each other I slowly inserted each bead into Kellys ass as she rubbed her pussy and moaned as each bead popped in.. She inserted the toy into my ass and played with the different vibration settings.

We laid there, with our bodies entwined on the bed so we could both play with the toy in each of us. Kelly's moans got louder and became screams.. As her waves of pleasure rode on I so slowly began pulling out the beads... with each one that popped out she let out an even louder moan and by the last one was sooo wet and cumming that she left a wet patch on the bed hehe

She then turned her attention to my cock and the toy vibrated away against my prostate. The intensity of Kelly's soft tongue and the toy became too much for me and I made quite a mess of myself and the bed. Kelly had quite an 'interesting' way of cleaning up the mess

Luckily since we were in such a nice hotel they had extra sheets to save us from sleeping on the mess we had just made. And soon after we had recovered and changed the sheets we were asleep in eachothers arms after an amazing and exhausting night together.

We had a bit of a well deserved sleep in and Kelly woke me up with soft kisses and touches which was just the perfect way to start a new day.. We headed for the shower together.. Morning glory was in full effect while Kelly was soaping both of us up together and rubbing her body against mine in the shower. She dropped to her knees and started a blowjob.. The added effect of the soapy skin and warm water from the shower made it all tingle that little bit more..

She grabbed the shower head and moved it close to my cock so its massaging effects were really felt then she massaged her pussy with the shower head as I jerked my cock and came over her body while she was cumming from the tingling sensations of the shower head, and as an added bonus this time there was no clean up lol.

After we dried off we played around on the laptop for a bit and chatted before we had to checkout and part ways It was an amazing night (and morning). The sex was great, the company was great, the room was great, everything was great... It was just perfect


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th February 2011, 01:15 AM
Poster ID: DiscoWes
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
THIS IS THE BORING PREAMBLE

So what can I say about this young woman? Sassy, Spunky, Sexy are all words that spring to mind. I had noticed Kelly pop up on my Twitter feed several months ago and started following her. Before you knew it we were exchanging Twitter DM's, then chatting on MSN, we even had a couple of chats on the phone. When Kelly toured Melbourne in December we met up for coffee. What struck me immediately were a few things, her stature (she's a shortie), her face (she's so pretty) and her laugh (she's so evil). Sadly I was unable to book her on that trip but made a mental note to arrange a booking when she returned.

So when her 2nd tour was announced it was earlier than I had anticipated so didn't book immediately. Well I was chatting to Kell one morning, approximately 2:45am from memory and made the call to book her for the Saturday Avro of her tour. Hotel booked; when Saturday came around I made my way into the city and got myself ready.

NOW THE ENCOUNTER

There was a knock on the door and I opened it to a smiling Kelly. Her hair was a bright Burgundy colour as opposed to the blonde it was when I saw her last. She had a long black coat on. What was under it was a super sexy black corset. Kelly looked amazing in it and I could not wait to see what was underneath. After we finished our drinks Kelly suggested we take it to the bedroom and 'get busy'.

NOW THE FUN STUFF

Did I tell you Kelly likes kissing? Lucky for me so do I. I would describe Kelly's technique as part tsunami, part silk. I could have spent the whole booking kissing, but that would have been a waste of money. Kelly encourages me to play with her pussy. Well she is either a TV week Silver Logie award winning actress or I reckon I gave her a couple of orgasms through finger stimulation alone.

Next was what could be described as a 'vigorous' BJ that was very enjoyable. It didn't take long for Kelly to decide it was her turn and she lied back so I could work my *cough* magic *cough*. I reckon we managed to get Kell over the line a few more times before she 'breathed new life into me' then jumped on for some cowgirl. With her svelte frame this was a fantastically enjoyable ride for me. Kell then suggested we give mish a run which I did until my arms couldn't hold myself up any longer. Not to worry as Kell's expert hand finished the job which resulted in a pearl necklace finish for the win.

So to surmise, I would rate Kelly as an intense GFE. However she gets this crazy look in her eye like she wants to fuck you to death and could crossover into PSE or BDSM mode at any time. I would say she could adapt to become whatever you wanted. So overall a thumbs up from me.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th February 2011, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice reviews guys. How about posting Kelly's contact details so that others can contact her if they feel so inspired?

s.o.o.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th February 2011, 02:20 AM
Poster ID: Kelly Raines
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey there.. 

Hope you don't mind me popping my head into the thread.. 
*chuckles*

Thanks for the nice words guys.. 

www.kellyraines.com
callingkellyr@gmail.com
Text: 0434026330

Feel free to delete any innocuous details.. 
Just thought I'd help.
I'm about to hit melb, sydney and qld.. 

Kell
xxx


