Thread Title: Kelly Raines + Luscious Lani double March 2011 - Melbourne - 0434 026 330
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th April 2011, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: Copie
Post Title: 
 Kelly Raines + Luscious Lani double March 2011 - Melbourne - 0434 026 330
				
Post Content: 
After my last failed attempt at a double the previous month, i had an itch that i desperately needed scratching, and after much banter and encouragement Kelly Raines decided to do a doubles day in Newcastle with none other then the delightful Luscious Lani. I don't think i even paused for breath as i agreed for a 2 hour booking with the sexy ladies. With the booking made, time literally flew before the big day.
Before i know it, i was heading towards the door, no sound except the pounding of my heart in my ears. I gently knock on the door and announce myself and the door opens, i step through the threshold and behold,and there they were, standing sexily in stunning white and black lingerie (Lani in the doctors hat +bra + g-string with suspenders and stockings, Kelly in a black corset, and mini skirt + stockings)
The pleasantries quickly sorted, we chatted for a bit while feasting on biscuits, ham and cheese exchanging in light banter. Then i was whisked into the shower while finished preparing for the fun and games that was coming. After i had showered and made myself squeaky clean i make my way back into the bedroom where i find both Lani and Kelly standing with mischievous smiles on their cute faces. They then turn and motion me onto the bed, where i am blindfolded and gagged and placed on all fours. I can hear Kelly giggling as something cool and textured is run across my ass before it was removed and quickly reapplied with force, repeatedly.
More giggling and then a beautiful hot breath whispering in my ear accompanied by the most severe ear tongue lashing i have ever en-counted! while this was going both pairs of hands were going over my member quickly getting him woken up, then suddenly something cool, large and hard was being pushed up against my ass, aimed squarely at the the sun doesn't shine! as it was being pushed in, i feel a rubber being rolled onto on my member before being engulfed by one of the girls hot mouth, with Kelly occupied with my member i feel the gag being removed and a beautiful wet snatch being pushed onto my face in which i devour hungrily tongue feasting on the hot juices within. I could feel myself getting extremely close and exploded while still on all fours.
After a short drinks break with both Kelly and Lani teasing me, touching each other, i lure both of them onto the bed where both of them go down and give my member a thorougher workover with Lani showing how to roll the rubber on using nothing but her mouth. Kelly then lubes up and jumps ontop, with my member going hard up her rear end. Bouncing away with a frantic pace, Lani moves in with a bullet vibrator pushing Kelly into a screaming bone rattling orgasm, i then push her down and continue in mish, with Lani manning the bullet vibrator sending Kelly into waves of orgasms, flowing endlessly. I could again feel the pressure build before pulling out, ripping off the condom and blowing all over Kelly's stomach and tits.
By then i was exhausted, weak at the knees. I manage to wobble into the shower for cleanup, get dressed, kisses goodbye and swing my leg over the bike to ride home.
That Friday was a day of firsts, and a day ill never forget. I cannot recommend enough these pair of beautiful ladies as a double, they are well matched, very '....... n nice' Person's Name:


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th April 2011, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great post, can you share with us how much your two hours of debauchery cost?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th April 2011, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: Copie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Admin


Great post, can you share with us how much your two hours of debauchery cost
"""



Good question, 1300 for 2 hours with the pair.


