Thread Title: Kiki - Comfort Motel 0420 456 981
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2017, 06:27 PM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: 
 Kiki - Comfort Motel 0420 456 981
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki or something similar

Establishment : Comfort Motel Princes Highway Dandenong

Date of Visit : 25/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Free oral on each other including in full services! Stay in Dandenong only few days!!! - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 9- till whenever

Rates : $100 for 20 minutes

Age : 30's

Size/shape : size 8 average small boobs maybe B

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese I think

Services Provided : FS massage

Value for money/recommend? : No but read below

My experience/comments : Had to go to the southern state of Dandenong so had some time to burn so sent her sms, and arranged a time around lunch. I specifically asked whether she was the woman in the picture and I got a yes.  

Arrived and walked into the room after she sms me the number. It wasn't her. Anyway she had a pleasant face so I thought what the heck - conned again.

I stripped off and got on the bed.  Then the weirdness started.  She lied on the bed besides me but didn't give me access to her boobs so I couldn't touch them.  Started playing with her pussy which was kind of dry so this wasn't happening for me.  Then at world record speed she puts on the dom on a half hard head and starts to suck.  First minute was ok but then the teeth bit in, it was starting to agrrevate me so I grapped her head and helped her take it which she didn't mind.  Her English is very poor.  Then after maybe 5-7 minutes she comes off and lies down beside me after lubing up.  I'm thinking this is going to be another dud - I'm hopeless at detective work.  Then in I go - wow this is a tight one and I see why the shyness.  She has an inverted nipple and a normal nipple.  So I am enjoying this tightness and power away for maybe 5 minutes before I get her into doggy.  She is groaning and hanging on to my arms and I am thinking maybe she is coming who knows.  She is kneeling in front of me on an angle with one leg lower than the other, so I grap her hips and try to pull her up so I can have a steady go but it didn't work completely.  So after a minute or two I flip her back to missionary and finish.  Then she says you want massage - I said sure. So got a 10 minute ok massage on my back - had a shower dressed and left - maybe I was there for 30-35 minutes so time wise it was good value.  She is fully shaved but too a while to warm up.

I would not return nor call her again but three stars for tightness.

I got onto a rss site and found pictures of nearly all the girls on backpage.com - what a ripoff.


