Thread Title: Kiko - Melbourne CBD, La Trobe St - 0422 173 321
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th October 2018, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Kiko - Melbourne CBD, La Trobe St - 0422 173 321
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiko

Establishment : Private apartment, La Trobe St, b/w Elizabeth and Queen

Date of Visit : late Oct 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://aubabes.com/19yo-japanese-fr...-in-southbank/


Phone : As above

Hours of Business : probably not earlier than 11:30am

Rates : $130/0.5 for regular excl DATY

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : probably Japanese

Services Provided : mutual nipple kissing, CBJ, sex variety of positions

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Kiko was fresh out of the shower a nice outfit with black lingerie. Looked great, but apartment was totally dark. Another WL working out of there. With bedside light on could see that although Kiko is attractive with a great body, she either had two black eyes or there is a new trend in makeup. The session was fairly regular and i was in a rush so didn't expect anything more. Chatting as I was getting dressed and she said she worked until 2am last night and had only just woken up. She's attractive and elegant and speaks perfect English so could probably float around the Casino.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th April 2019, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : Apartment building on La Trobe St just west of Elizabeth on south side

Date of Visit : early/mid Apr 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...3k3b244785507/
She said her name was Yoyo but she's not the girl in the photos.

Phone : as above

Hours of Business : after about 11am

Rates : $130/30min

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : small, long hair, good looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : sex only

Value for money/recommend? : ok / ok

My experience/comments : I think this place is the same operation as JB might have been enjoying. I've add this review to Kiko's as it is the same telephone number and turned out to be the same apartment and the same room and the same sort of service. Had a brief window of time and a regular wasn't replying so thought I would try this old number. Reply straight away and available now. There was another girl in the apartment when I arrived and left sitting on a chair testing. I didn't get to see her face. Seems like the quality is good but the service is minimum. Started sitting on edge of bed kissing her tits. Oo, too ticklish, blah, blah. Fuck now she asks. Sure, so on goes the dom and a stack of lube. Mount up in CG still on edge of bed. Quite nice. Then lay back for more CG. Then mish for a bit then doggy. She asks if I could go in slow as very long (not that long). But, I go in slow, and it does feel tighter like that and could feel I was bottoming out. Blew a load. Stayed hard for a bit so was contemplating kicking on. Clean up and gone. Skipped shower before and after.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th April 2019, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Like
"I think this place is the same operation as JB might have been enjoying"
Yes Like, the recent review I wrote for Sasa in CBD was this place.
I notice the phone number I PM ed to you is different to this one, but room number was the same so certainly the same place.


