Thread Title: Kiko, Melbourne CBD, 0402720285
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th February 2020, 10:24 PM
Poster ID: RealPixThanks
Post Title: 
 Kiko, Melbourne CBD, 0402720285
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kiko

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 19/2/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:
Escorts and Babes - Kiko https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/Kiko999/

Phone : 0402720285

Hours of Business: 10am - Late

Rates: $130/30mins + $50 per 15mins

Age: 22

Size/shape: 165cm curvy Hourglass, She is a tad thicker than in her verified photos. Probably around 55 - 60kg 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: Full Service
My order: 45 min GFE + $30 BBBJ

Value for money/recommend?: She is kind hearted and eager to tend to your needs. Recommend to those looking for some sort of connection beyond the sex.

Introduction:

So I'm down in Melbourne CBD for the week. I had some cash and some free time. Decided to search the web for some cute escorts in the CBD. In the span of 2 hours I visited 2 escorts convenient located in the CBD, here is Part 1. Kiko the adorable Japanese.

I am a heavy weight filipino, weighing at 90kg. Wide chested but visibly fat around the belly. I am attracted to Pale white petite builds and have an Asian fetish.
This might seem like TMI but I guess it'll make slightly more relevance in Part 2.

At around 8am this morning I woke up to being ridden by my Melbourne fling before she had to leave. In hindsight, this situation soured my escort visit.

The Review:

While we were getting ready, she initiated some light conversation. I commented on being pretty cold due to the light shower and she gave quite an affectionate cuddle, peck on the cheek and a cute giggle (No lip kissing allowed), this giggle became her trademark, it was a blend of shy, cute and naughty. She would giggle after a peck, suck or when I played with her.

Kiko started with a whole body rub down before proceeding with the blowjob. Her technique was great, as an uncircumcised man, She mixed it up between pulling the skin back and sucking it up back. It was different. Normally a girl would just pull back the skin and play with the tip.

She let me rub her clit but not go inside. As she gave me the blowjob, She angled her body so I was able to touch. I would occasionally get her sensitive spot and she would moan adorably.

We preceded with CG and this is when my fling sex earlier in the day became a penalty for this session, the condom doesn't help obviously. She moved onto a cuddling CG which then I was able to prop my knees up and lift her. Pounding from underneath was incredibly satisfying her moans got more intense and she started to kiss me more frequently closer to my lips. Relieved that I stop and giggling, we had a brief moment in each others eyes.

It was my turn on top and my penis was almost at it's limit. Missionary and it's variations, and I was pretty rough. She took all of it. After failing to cum and exhausted after 20mins, We spent about another 15mins chatting. She was curious, knew how to keep a conversation. Her English level is advanced but I did have to spell out a word, her trying to figure it out was quite cute actually. 

We were fondling each other while chatting. Also traded a few pecks on the neck, I managed to get pretty hard in that time and I but I only had enough time for a hand job.

Kiko will definitely be a memorable experience considering I haven't visited an escort in a couple years. I'm disappointed I didn't even cum once, I might try and find the time to see her again. 

Funnily enough, this blue ball sensation led me to try another escort 2 hours later. I will write about this in a separate review.


