Thread Title: Kimberley Swann - Melbourne (CBD) - 0402 094 865
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2013, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: hornymelb
Post Title: 
 Kimberley Swann - Melbourne (CBD) - 0402 094 865
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kimberley Swann

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 094 865 / kimberleyswann1@gmail.com

Hours of Business : Daytime / Weekdays

Rates : $500/Hour

Age : 26-30

Size/shape : Curvy (but slim)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian/ Euro

Services Provided : Full Service, DATY, Kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : 

Greetings 
This is the second draft of my review.  I would be lying if I said I was   procrastinating because I wanted to do it justice and maybe just   impress the odd reader.  This is my second review so, please be gentle. 
Let's do this in segments. Try a new style. 

The Connection
Ever the adventurous type I ventured into chat, and found the   conversation decent, so I looked at who was on, and saw Kimberley was   on, opening another tab on iPad, I went to see her profile and thought,   holy moly, this girl is hot.  So after saying hello, the stupid iPad   dropped out so many times I went to her email address and expressed my   admiration of her pictures and hope a random comment would make her day.    At this point I thought nothing of it.  I had never really considered   her replying as I pretty much thought her inbox and spam folders would   be full (and no, I'm not being crude!!! Lol)
I got a reply and just started to converse and I thought, wow this girl   is amazing.  Basically after some toing and froing I said I have to  meet  her.  I booked a time, quicker than I had time to think.  Holy  crap!
The Day arrives
Good things happen to those who wait right? I made the booking 5 days in   advance.  So I had plenty of time to think about the day she arrives.   I  wanted to finish early at work and being a teacher of adults, I was   able to make an excuse to finish early.   
I heard the high heels on the pavement and I just knew she was here.  I   opened the door and bang, there goes my jaw.  It hit the floor like a   stripper drops her bra.  First thing I hear was her gorgeous laugh. OMG   what a smile J  I ushered her in and had a seat.  A little like Clark   Kent seeing Lana Lang, I fumbled my way back into my place and sat down.    "Yikes" I said to myself.
She isn't short, maybe was the high heels, beautiful flowing blonde   hair, eyes to lose yourself in, a body that is incredible and a smile   that will melt your soul.  Oh god that smile!!!!  ("I better make her   laugh as much as possible so I can see that smile as many times as I   can" I thought) 
Kimberley is intelligent.  We had all sorts of topics of discussion from   removing tattoos to fetishes.  It was fun and we had such a great   conversation.  I talked about myself and she talked about herself.  It   was like rapport building and it was just too people enjoying a laugh   and good time.  Sex was on my mind, but I thought well if it doesn't   happen or we ran out of time I'd still be smiling.
Kimberley is not a clock watcher, which is awesome, so we had a few   glasses of wine.  Soon we started kissing and cuddling on the couch!   Yumm!! The best kisses I'd had in a long time.
I was pretty nervous about the whole thing and couldn't believe that I   randomly requested a striptease soon after the kissing, (she mentioned   she was pretty good at it in an email).  Yup, I can vouch for this.    Slow dancing, revealing her beautiful body. Before we knew it, I   requested a change of scenery from the couch to my bedroom (when did I   get such confidence???).
The Sex
In two words, it was seamless and mind-blowing.  We went from foreplay   to intercourse seamlessly.  She always made sure I was enjoying myself,   and god YES I WAS.  To be honest I don't like to go into too much   detail.  There was the CBJ, missionary, doggystyle, missionary  more  touching and cuddling.  Basically I could do change position at  any time  I felt the need, all I had to do was ask.  It was amazing.  I  hadn't  had this type of sex with anyone.  We were both so sweaty and  spent.  By  the time we finished it was time for Kim to leave as she had  an  appointment later in the evening.  It was hard to see her go  because was  such a great afternoon, evening.  It was around time for  dinner, so I  put together some nibbles and chocolates and lollies to  take with her  home so she had something to munch on the way.   She was  appreciative.
My Review
Guys, Kimberley is fantastic, she is absolutely beautiful, intelligent   and worth the time.  You cannot wipe the smile of my face.  
This girl is a one in a million and she is available guys (this doesn't   really happen).  Treat her with respect and I will tell you she will   reward you for her time and her attention.  Worth every cent!
(I have already made it known I'm having her back over very, very soon)
Kim if you're reading this thanks for a wonderful time.  See you soon xxx

Guys I know some of you might think, this review is all positive and how   can that be.  It was definitely my perspective that it was a great  time  and there was nothing negative to say about Kim.

~ Hornymelb


