Thread Title: Kitty - Melbourne (CBD) - 0469 427 976
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2013, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: dave109
Post Title: 
 Kitty - Melbourne (CBD) - 0469 427 976
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty

Establishment : Outcall

Date of Visit : Mid Nov 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0469 427 976

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $180 for an hour

Age : 20-24

Size/shape : petitem 5.4"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cantonese

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, GFE(so so). 

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

This actually happened in Mid November 2013. Found the ads thru Locanto, FS with lovely asian uni students. I thought why not, since i'm horny for some asian uni students. Made an appointment to meet up in 3 hrs, location at a hotel near to flinders lane. I was bit worried, because it was my first outcall. Right 3 mins before the appointment time, got message where are you?? told me to come up, no lift key required, a huge relieve for me.

I went to the room, there she was in the regular uni students clothes (jeans, and tops). She was very bubbly, friendly. Paid the money $180 for an hour and went to shower. On the bed, she asked me who did i book? I said you, turn out the pimp advertises different girls under one phone.

She started by sucking my nipples, neck, behind ears, then around the groins. Put a chocolate flavour condom on the pole, start sucking it. Pretty dry technique though, not a big fan. after few mins, she put oils on the pole, and start cow riding it. I couldnt concentrate, her breath smell like coffee - did see her drink coffee before the actions. I hate coffee breath! Then decided to lie her down, started the missionary, she did look tired, her pussy is dry, probably all the studying for exam period lol. After few mins, i cum inside her with the condom on, she look worried and pull out straight away. 

We had nice chat, as i said she is very friendly and bubbly personality. Apparently, she studying her bachelor around city unis. Some of her friends do group sex as well. but she doesn't, i doubt it though. Personally i wouldn't book her anymore, probably some other girls. The ads is off the locanto, probably the international students are back at home land for holidays. But do keep the phone number for future use, for those who loves asian students - i know i do.. 

BTW, the ads pics are real.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 06:43 AM
Poster ID: kidd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
tried to msg and call, but never got a reply is the mobile no correct?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 08:19 AM
Poster ID: adventurous
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The review says it hapenned in November, for all we know she could be gone back home. It's not unlikely that the "studying" is just a background story.


