Thread Title: Kitty and Coco - CBD - 0435 830 659
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2017, 08:26 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Kitty and Coco - CBD - 0435 830 659
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty and Coco

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???Easter Bunny and Dami??? ?( HOT)???? ( N A U G H T Y) ?Three Some $250 two girls? (big boobs) ??? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $250/30 mins for a double

Age : Kitty: 20s; Coco late 30s or 40s

Size/shape : Kitty: slim, large tits, weird scarring on her body; Coco: stocky, more solid, reasonably large rack, big arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ad claims Korean, they both claimed PRC, I'm betting that Kitty is Korean and Coco is PRC

Services Provided : DATY on Kitty, FS for both, CBJ for Coco

Value for money/recommend? : No. I might return for a 1:1 with Kitty though

My experience/comments : 

I see the ad online and message the number in the ad (which is not the same number that I got messaged back on; it ends up the two girls are sharing phones). Making the appointment was hassle free and fast, and I get into the apartment no issues. Kitty answers the door, and if you check the ad, it's her in the blue bikini in the second photo, so there's no bait and switch here.

Go into a generous bedroom; I had enquired in text about double, so I also get to meet Coco. In clothes, Coco looks the better proportioned of the two, and I'm tempted just to go with a single with her, but end up on double. Initially they want $300 for the double, I say, no ad says $250, they are OK with that, and away we go.

The session starts with me giving Kitty some DATY. Lots of fake moans and giggling from the two girls. Coco reaches under me and applies a condom and starts a CBJ while I am still eating out Kitty. It's at this point I notice some weird scarring on Kitty. Nothing too big, but it looks like burns as though a hot iron has fallen on her. Coco gets up and perches on the end of the bed doggy style. I start pumping away whilst Kitty rubs her generous tits all over my back and caresses me. I then lie on the bed with Coco in reverse cowgirl and Kitty sitting on my face while I eat her out some more.

The girls hop off, a fresh 'dom is applied and Kitty hops on and happily bounces away while Coco disappears into the bathroom (she does come back). Gee Kitty is tight, and watching those large tits bouncing really is a joy. We then switch to doggy where I see her in the bedroom mirror. By this stage Coco is back rubbing herself against me whilst I pound Kitty. Both girls lie back , spread their lips whilst Kitty wanks me off and I come over both of them.

Throughout all of this action, there's some commentary going on, and lots of giggling, which gave me the shits.

Positives: two reasonably young, and one quite hot girl, in a threesome.
Cons: No kissing, all the yabbing and giggling.

WIR? Maybe for a 1:1 with Kitty -- she was pretty hot. But there are lots more fish in the sea as well...

Dean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th April 2017, 11:03 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ad says Bunny and Danni, so I presume they switch the girls around.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th April 2017, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They do mike; I contacted another ad today, different girl, same address, same apartment...


