Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2013, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: hazza thomas
Post Title: 
 Kourtney Hart - South Yarra Vic - 0403 523 172/ 0432 431 392
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : kourtney hart

Establishment : private escort

Date of Visit : 1/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SOUTH YARRA 26yo ANAL - FULL SERVICE - FANTASIES - EXTRAS, South Yarra

Hours of Business : early til late

Rates : 400

Age : mid twenties

Size/shape : 10ísh but in proportion

Nationality or Ethnicity : italian/anglo

Services Provided : full inc anal

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : attended at her place in late afternoon after making a booking via text from her ad on locanto. When i arrived there was a couple of flatmates there plus a dog and a lot of noise. She took me to the bedroom where i ended up waiting for about 10 minutes.
Anyway, we got down to business with a covered bj, not a lot of effort and hardly inspiring followed by a quick cowgirl.
As anal was included i suggested we move on to that, she disapeered for another 5 or so minutes before returning and we did greek in doggy position.
It began to get a bit yuck so off with the dom and a uncovered bj and cob.

I then left feeling like a punter who had just blown his dough.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd December 2013, 01:17 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Kourtney's Locanto ad ( http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...ES-EXTRAS.html ),

"SOUTH YARRA 26yo ANAL - FULL SERVICE - FANTASIES - EXTRAS - 26
NAME- Kourtney
LOCATION- South Yarra
CONTACT- 0403 523 172
GENDER- Female
NATIONALITY- Australian/Italian
AGE- 26 yo
HEIGHT- 5ft6
HAIR- Dark Brown
EYES- Mocha
SKIN- Tanned
BHST- 10 D
DRESS - S/M
PHYSIQUE- Tight & Toned
BODY HAIR- Shaved/Waxed



(All photos are 100% genuine. Photography by ©Richard Arthur)
ABOUT ME

Hi, Fellas! I'm Kourtney Hart. I'm back in Melbourne and my job is to please. I am in the pleasure industry and my aim is to provide whatever you desire. If you can imagine it, I can - and will - do it.

Although I am Australian, I have an Italian father and mother. This accounts for my exotic dark features. I'm a 24yo European Sensation. I am 5'6" tall and a beautiful busty brunette. Indeed, I am 37"-24"-37" so I have the hour-glass figure you have been looking for. My skin is tight toned and tanned. I have long legs which many of my previous friends have referred to as a "perfect 10". One of my specialities is wrapping them tightly around your back. For as long as you want me I am all yours. And once you have had the Kourtney Hart Experience you will want me for a very long time.

I am usually available every day from 9.00 a.m. onwards. If you want an evening appointment or you wish to continue all night that is fine also. I do actually love to have sex when I wake in the morning. I am probably at my best then.

Contact Me
0403 523 172

Rates START FROM $450.00 an hour
$600.00 an hour including (greek)


The following services are available at any time:

Straight sex (any position), oral, anal, deep throat, Spanish, spanking, role-playing and dressing up, toys (I have a very interesting selection), masturbation, rimming, massage and body oils, shower-play, handcuffs and cable ties and much more. Oh, and lots and lots of sheer sex - I will just LOVE it if you can me cum!!

For more sexy photos, services provided, rates and location details please go to Melbourne Private Escort Kourtney Hart

WA - 6146XE
© 2011 K.H.A.E "


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd December 2013, 09:39 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$400, you would expect more than that. 

Sorry to read you wasted your time.  Best to check reviews on these girls first before letting your dick do the thinking for you.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd December 2013, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: blackcat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow she is super hot and she lets you stick it in her booty!!!! Were her flatmates male or female?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th January 2015, 10:00 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Kourtney Hart - Melbourne - 0403 523 172
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kourtney Hart

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 26/1/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403 523 172, www.kourtneyhart.com 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 450 hr/ 600 a hr including anal

Age : Late 20's maybe 28

Size/shape : sz 8-10, nice fake tits, olive skin, 5'5, kinda built/toned, not full body builder but strong shoulders.

Nationality or Ethnicity : She told me but i forgot, maybe greek, but somewhere like greek/italy. But aussie born.

Services Provided : Anal, deepthroat, fs, massage, large toy show, dp with toy

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Having a search through backpage and on here and cracker it seems melbourne is hard to punt, after a few calls to other girls with no answer i finally found kourtney, she sent me a msg right after i called saying 'no call, just txt', after a few txts i was booked in for a hour in 45 mins.

She had me waiting around 15 mins but finally we were in eachothers presence, at first glance, very sexy and well presented so after the shower and cash exchange onto the bed, she started with some sucking, very nice, good tongue use and deep throat, straight to the back of her throat with no dramas, i was impressed after a few minutes of this, i dommed up and went straight in the ass, she took anal like a champ, and she has a great ass.

After a good anal pumping, i went in for some rimming, gave her ass a good lick. Then straight back in the ass for some more, occasionly stopping and giving her a spank or a finger.

After this went on for a bit I decided to go in the pussy and wow was this tight, not that the ass wasnt, but it felt really nice to be in a pussy. Having the two holes to choose from was just heaven. I pumped her in doggy in the pussy for a while then into missionary, then into cowgirl.

After this she gets out a big toy, and sticks it a mirror and slowly reverses her ass onto it. it was pretty fucking massive and a very sexy site to see that in her tight ass. i enjoyed giving her ass a fuck with the big toy using my hand aswell. then i lied on my back and she rode my dick reverse cowgirl in her ass.

She then gets asks if i want to dp her with a toy and my dick i said sure why not, to anyone that hasnt done this it feels pretty amazing, you can feel the friction of the toy and it just feels really nice. I blow a couple of times once in the condom in her ass, once in the condom in her pussy and once on her ass.

I did get the feeling she wasnt into kissing, i didnt get a kiss nor did i ask but i did get the vibe. But apart from that she was fun, pretty wild, and easy to talk to. She wasnt a clock watcher but i think it was because we were getting so crazy and i ended up spending a bit more time with her than i paid for.

Overall, Pretty good value for money, if you like anal, she is hot, with a great body. I would probably go see her again, but I am not in melb to much.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th August 2017, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: 
 Kourtney Hart, South Yarra,  0432431392
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kourtney Hart

Establishment : Private Apartment in South Yarra

Date of Visit :  16 Aug 2017, 2pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : South Yarra - Porn Star Anal - Natural Deep Throat - RATE FROM $300 1/2 HOUR - www.kourtneyhart.com - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : don't know, check with her.

Rates : $450 / 45 min.

Age : 30ish, almost 40 (honestly I cannot assess properly due to lighting)

Size/shape :  Average height and shape, smooth skin all over

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian/Italian

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM, Deep Throat, Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Depending on your horniness level and the depth of your wallet in that instance

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have been horny for as far as I can remember that week and attempted to call Galina whose apartment is around the corner from where I worked.  No luck!  Texted Kourtney asking if I can do her that day.  Replied came back not long after asking me what time.  I gave her time then game was on.

Arriving there, I ringed her, she told me to ring a certain unit in her South Yarra apartment.  Opening the door, the room is quite dark with a few candles and slightly opened curtain of the balcony.  Asking how long and settling the payment, I agreed to take a shower then real game is on.

Once in a while I just love enjoying BBBJ with CIM for a few shots.  That is what I came for and that's what I got!  Technically she is very warm and accomodating, making me relax with her touch, then came the main course which she has a (I should say) "wicked tounge" that made me unable to handle.  It goes from one cum after another with a break in between where I spent time caressing her smooth skin, sucking her tities while she rubbed me over and over again trying to get it steady.  After the third job I just gave up although she kept trying hard to push it using her "wicked tounge".  She eventually offered me a massage which was suprisingly good for a non-massage establishment.  Time was up, took a shower, gave her a kiss in the lips and off I went.

a few notes:  her real appearance is as in the photos but she looks a little older but she is good looking.  I notice her face line to be able to conclude that she is most likely Italian.  What surprises me was this:    No Cookies | Herald Sun   when I googled her name.

Also I notice that her body seems to be flawless!!  It's like the body of a doll!! I wonder how many nip and tuck she went through to get that kinda body.  but overall, I can't find anything I don't like during my encounter with her.

Price wise is expensive but again when the booty call specially for  multiple shots bbbj, cim, with touching, grabbing etc, I would do it  again.

I leave you to it to try and decide.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 25th August 2017, 08:12 AM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: 
 Kourtney Hart - South Yarra Vic - 0403 523 172/ 0432 431 392
				
Post Content: 
Thanks for that link. It's very interesting comparing that article, to the reviews above. Especially the part about hope her family doesn't find out and that she is monogamous in a relationship. 




KOURTNEY Hart is a businesswoman.



Organised and adept at managing her clients, monitoring her website and advertising presence and balancing her accounts, it just so happens that Hart's business for the past 11 years has been sex.

She's a high-end escort who charges $450 to $600 an hour.

"I have investments and property, a superannuation fund and private health cover," Hart says.

"People think this business is about standing on the streets, pulling tricks for drugs — it's not that for me.

As I've grown older I see the potential in terms of the money you can make, the people you meet and the places you can go. If you do this work properly, it opens doors."

Hart, 29, was born in WA and began her career at 18, when she was hairdressing and working in a nightclub.

She was putting in long hours for little pay and she was bored.

When she moved in to a share house with two older friends, they revealed they were sex workers and suggested Hart could pay her share of the rent by looking after some of their clients.

"I was sexually active anyway and I thought I might as well get paid for it," Hart says.

"But my family think I work in marketing. I come from a strict European family and it would break their hearts. I'm not the good Italian girl who is married with kids and the white picket fence. But I'd be miserable then — this is my choice."

Hart's clients are senior executives with enough money to pay for the four- or five-star hotel rooms where she conducts her business. Clients fly her interstate and to Asia and the US to be their companion.

"But usually I'm booked for two to three hours and see one or two clients every few days. Weekends are often fully booked," she says.

"Clients want conversation and to go out for dinner — it's not only sex. Often they spend their day surrounded by 'yes' men and they want someone to challenge them with their conversation. I've never had a problem with a client being aggressive but what makes my blood boil is when a man tries to barter my price. If I get a bad feeling about a client, I don't take a booking or I leave."


Kourtney Hart has had only two serious partners since becoming a sex worker. Picture: Nicole Cleary
Hart admits the job can take an emotional toll.

"I find it hard to trust men and I am actually insecure. Sometimes if I'm standing on the street to flag a taxi, I feel people are looking at me and know I'm a working girl — it's in my head," she says.

Since becoming a sex worker, Hart has only had two serious relationships because of her trust issues. Her first love was initially a client with whom she then had a 3½-year relationship. She gave up working then but returned when the relationship ended.

"I will stop working when I meet the right person," she says. "Because I am old-fashioned and in a relationship I am monogamous. If a partner says he doesn't mind me doing this job while we are together then as far as I'm concerned he has no respect for me."

Source: No Cookies | Herald Sun


Floor: #8
Post Time: 25th August 2017, 09:30 AM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn! what happen in the last 2.5 years before my review?  Nobody likes her ads or somethin'????


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th August 2017, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Pakcabul


Damn! what happen in the last 2.5 years before my review?  Nobody likes her ads or somethin'???
"""




The first review which didn't sound that great was in 2011, the next 2013 and yours 2017. You got the best service. It's a long time between drinks. Prices seem to be relative considering it's at the upper level. Well over my meagre budget.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 25th August 2017, 11:44 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by foreman


The first review which didn't sound that great was in 2011, the next 2013 and yours 2017. You got the best service. It's a long time between drinks. Prices seem to be relative considering it's at the upper level. Well over my meagre budget
"""



Neah bro, I think I just had some left-over after those executives that flew her everywhere dumped her.  Maybe the execs need young blood!  That's in fact my opinion. LOL....

Oh well...


