Thread Title: Kourtney Lloyd - Melbourne - 0447 040 254
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th August 2013, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: punterpro
Post Title: 
 Kourtney Lloyd - Melbourne - 0447 040 254
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kourtney LLoyd

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : 22/06/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.privategirls.com.au/kourtney_lloyd_melb.php
                                                  email: blondekourtney@ymail.com
                                                  mobile: 0447 040 254

Hours of Business : Most days and evennings until 11pm

Rates : 1hr - $750.00
         2 hrs - $1,300.00

Age : 22 yrs

Size/shape : Size 8 DD breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE, Natural oral, mutual oral, deep throat, DATY, striptease, dirty talk, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Well recommended

My experience/comments :

I had booked another escort but sadly she needed to cancel very close to our planned date due to illness and Kourtney offered to be her "stunt double" and she was perfect. So similar in appearance they could have been twins  I was not disappointed, Kourtney was very friendly, in no rush and happy to get to know me first. She was very attentive to my every need and knows how to make a man feel good!!


Knocking on the door I was greeted by this blonde bombshell with a sensational tiny figure, a short dress that showed off her lovely legs and wearing big heels. When I eventually got to look at her face I saw this wicked smile, she grabbed my hand and lead me into the apartment. I must say the "in call" is the nicest I have been in, extremely well furnished with soft music playing in the back ground. It had a warm and inviting feel to it. 

We sat on the lounge and her short dress rode up her thighs giving a glimpse of a tiny black g-string. We made small talk and before I knew it her arm was around my shoulder and her face in front of mine. The DFK that follwed was natural and very nice, this girl loves to kiss. With one hand around her waist holding her close to me I ran my other hand over her body and onto her leg. The more I ran my hand up the inside of her leg she spread her legs for me and I soon found that tiny g-string. Kourtney stopped kissing me and leaned back on the lounge as my fingers went inside her g-string and rubbed her clit. The more I rubbed the more she moaned more so as I slid my finger into that tiny pussy. The more I played with her the more she widened her legs with one over my thigh. 

While on the lounge I helped her out her dress and looked her magnifient body over. She enjoyed me admiring her and turned around so I didn't miss any part of her. She took my hand again and lead me to the bedroom. In no time at all I had her bra off and sucked on those nippes for ages. She was responsive and her nipples were rock hard in no time at all. I could have suck on them for ever but I was hungry to taste all of her. I slid off her g-string and immediately started fingering her pussy wanting it to be as wet as I could get it. With juices all over my finger I pushed her onto the bed and immediately buried my head between her legs, sucking and licking her clit while fucking her with two fingers. She came quickly and wanted to say thank you, we swapped positions and she immediately went down on me. After licking and sucking the head of my cock Kourntey took all of me in her mouth, the feeling of the head of my cock at the back of her throat felt amazing. The sight of my manhood sliding in and out of her mouth was mesmerising to watch, I was concerned that I would come too soon but Kourtney seemed to sense my mood and changed the rythem and manner in how she sucked me.

After what seemed like forever Kourtney looked up at me, smiled and said I want you for fuck me. She expertly applied the condom and rode me cowgirl style. Watching this tiny blonde beauty bounce up and down on my cock looked amazing, her eyes were closed and she looked as if she was off in her own little world. I then took her doggy style, slowly at first before grabbing her by the waist and fucking her as hard and as fast as I could. I love fucking a girl this way, the sound of my body slapping against her arse cheeks and the sight of that gorgeous little body getting pounded was too much and before too long I exploded. I continued to fuck her until my poor cock went limp. Lots of cuddles and snuggles afterwards made the GFE very enjoyable. Kourtney is a lot of fun and I would be happy to see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th August 2013, 03:57 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How long did you spend with the luscious Ms Lloyd ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th September 2013, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She looks hot, but is she really worth $750?


