Thread Title: Kylie - Melbourne city - 0435 550 339
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th July 2019, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: leonbrock23
Post Title: 
 Kylie - Melbourne city - 0435 550 339
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kylie and Friend

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : July 18 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...zimb255072175/

Phone : 0435 550 339

Hours of Business : Throughout the day

Rates : $200 for half an hour 

Age : Kylie late 20s and friend is around early 20s

Size/shape : small tits but nice round ass. Friend had a much pleasant look and shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese and Vietnamese

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, Catbath, shower

Value for money/recommend? : yes for Kylie, no for friend

Would i return: Yes for Kylie sex, yes for friend who sucks like a champ

My experience/comments :

Hey everyone, been a while since ive been on here. 
Anyways to the review, have not punted in years, so i went to backpage and noticed its dead.... checked my old emails and found back this site and well found there is a new site called Skokka, found this lovely redhead on there and it said she offered double with a girlfriend. Made arrangements and made my way into the location. 
Got there and was directed to go up to a certain floor and then make my way to the room. 
When i got there i swear i should have closed the door and walked away... but i was horny. I was greeted by a chinese girl wearing the skinpest gown on. 
She guided me to the room and then asked for the money right up, i asked her where her friend was and she said that she is coming now. 
The friend came in with no clothes and ready to party. She was though not a bad looker compared to the Kylie. 
Anyways they guided me to shower where they both washed me down and licked and kissed me all around. 
Dried off and they guided me to the room. Kylie with her simple English asked who first? i looked at her friend and said her, so the friend put the dom on me and then started sucking her life away, while Kylie gave me a good catbath all over my chest and arms. 
The friend was not really good and when she got tired she signaled for Kylie to take over. Kylie proceeded and then the friend started signaling me to grab her boobs and kiss them and suck on them. 
At that moment i was feeling the need to blow but i got Kylie off, she was sucking the life out of me. 
They lubed up and then Kylie got on top while the friend allowed me to squeeze and suck on her tits. 
A switch was made with now the friend on top and god was she so tight. 3 trusts on me and then i blew. 
She then said aww that all, want blow job to pass time? 
I said well sure if you want. 
So the friend got on top and cleaned my guy off and then put another dom on, she then sucked and rubbed and sucked some more till i blew a 2nd time. 
I would have to say it was a good time and i was happy with this experience since being out of the game for so long. 
Good times ahead.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st July 2019, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So the hot red head in the pics isn't her?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st July 2019, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$200 was for both? 

I would see them if BBBJ was on the cards


