Thread Title: Lacey - Melbourne - 0416 354 262
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2012, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: 
 Lacey - Melbourne - 0416 354 262
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lacey

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : June 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 354 262  laceyescort@hotmail.com http://laceyy.weebly.com/

Rates : $300/h

Age : 18-20

Size/shape : 5'5", curvy, 12-14 DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, DATY, CBJ, passionate kissing

Value for money/recommend? : yes

I've been quite keen to meet Lacey, based on her outrageous personality on chat and a few interesting photos.  She kindly let me know she was visiting the Sydney area this week, and we got together at her motel.  I had a lot of trouble finding it, thanks to my evil GPS, but a couple phone calls to Lacey helped.

Entering her room, I was quite impressed at the attention she put into decorating it with candles.  It was a very pleasant environment, tastefully laid out.  Lacey is 19, 5'4”, a size 12-14 I'd say, with long brown hair which she had tied up and hazel eyes.  She's very chatty and easy going, and has a cheerful and outgoing disposition.  She's pleasant to be with.

Lacey and I lay on her bed next to each other, chattering away, her with a hand on me.  I was being my usual “shy” self at this point.  Eventually, Lacey lept over and started kissing me, passionately, occasional tongue-dancing but nothing deep.  We never quite got into the “right position” so I wasn't able to lock into her lips as I wanted to, but after a while she rolled on top of me and had me panting and gasping a bit, and I got the impression she was happy, as she started grinding into me a bit as well.  I believe Lacey's a bit of a tease, and get's turned on by turning her partner on.  I may have met my counterpart!  

For once in my life I got a bra off in one smooth movement.  I stopped, temporaily stunned, as Lacey laughed.  Gently stroking the side of her breasts, taking care to never touch her nipples, I quickly distracted her and had her purring a bit 

After oh half an hour or so of this gentle fun, I rolled her on to her back and chirped “your turn!”  I got a bit of a “yeah, okay” look, but then proceeded to welcome her to Sydney.  Kissing her neck, I didn't find “the spot” to make her shudder, so I guess I'll have to revisit that next time.  She loved having her breasts kissed though, and gentle tonguing of Lacey's nipples found her to be very responsive, and she was very relaxed and happy.  I spent my time savouring her quite tasty natural boobage, and made sure I showed her the same attention she had just been lavishing on me.

Well, moving down her side and tummy, she started getting truly excited.  I kissed all around her pussy, taking my time, teasing as I love to do.  Eventually I started licking.  I won't say what I was doing down there, as that is proprietary info.  She liked it.  Boy did she ever.  Arching her back, rising a foot off the bed, she eventually plopped back down and shuddered a bit, eyes wobbling momentarily.  Boy did I get her   “How did you do that?  How did you make me come so quickly?  Even I can't do that for myself.  Tell me?  What's your secret?”  I laughed and had a big cheeky grin.  “Tell meeeee!”  I continued laughing.  I dunno.  Experience, paying attention and loving patience?  I simply treated Lacey the way I like being treated.

The tables turned once again, with Lacey rolling me onto my back, stroking my man stake and she laid over me, and grabbing a dom and a bunch of lube.  I was at first puzzled as she started a CBJ with the dom slathered with lube, but was soon shivering as she really got into it and gave a really solid BJ.  She said later she uses the flavoured lube as she hates the taste of condoms.  (There's another solution to that too  hehehe.)

Lacey asked how I'm going, and I said “good, how you doing?”   She hopped on top, and I was very pleased with her, ummm, chracacteristics.  She energetically rode me, hitting all the right spots and the right speed, until I too came hard, flopped a bit, and started giggling uncontrollably.  She was puzzled, asking “why are you laughing?  Why are you laughing at me?”  I was like well I'm happy!  It was a good, solid orgasm, and I just felt like Lacey had just taken so much tension away from me with the attention she'd given me.

We chattered away for quite some time after that, munching on malteasers and red peanuts.  I knew she had some time before her next booking, and was happy to stay and keep her company, talk about our common interests, and get to know each other better.

It was a great pleasure to have finally met Lacey, and I believe she'll do okay in her venture into PWL-land.  She works hard, is very genuine both in personality and in her desire to take care of her clients, and she is smart enough to use tools such as chat to her benefit.  I wish her well!


