Thread Title: Lilly - Melbourne CBD - 0405 147 587
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st April 2016, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: 
 Lilly - Melbourne CBD - 0405 147 587
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Black booty escort Sydney 0405147587 eroticblackbooty@gmail.com | Exotic booty bum babe for all sex desires

Hours of Business : Evening

Rates : $400ph

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided : Full

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have wanted to see Lily for ages, Have been to Nowra a few times but was never able to get the opportunity to sneak away for a rendezvous.

As it happened she was in Melbourne a few weeks ago and as I had trouble booking Jayden (the sexy redhead) I also texted Lily on the off chance she was available at short notice. At first the answer was no but a short while later she had a no show and asked if I was still up for it. You bet I was.  

I arrived a short time later and was greeted by a beautiful African woman with a perfect body and complexion. She was lovely and we chatted and settled finances.

We kissed and I savoured her tongue in my mouth. Her lips were large and soft and I couldn't wait to have them around my cock.  

onto the bed for more kissing and she made her way down for some awesome bbbj. it was wet and sloppy and felt incredible. she moved round into a 69 position so I could taste her other gorgeous lips and we pleasured each other like this until I couldn't take it any longer and came. She then straddled me and kissed me some more and popped one of her incredible nipples into my mouth. I sucked on each of them like a baby until I was hard again. On with the dom and she sat and rode me reverse so I could admire that arse of hers, then turned around so I could play with her nipples some more. I pulled her down closer so I could kiss some more and suck on those nipples until I came a second time.

She lay on top kissing some more before slowly pulling me out and cleaning me up. I hopped into the shower and she joined me cleaning me thoroughly especially mini me which she made sure was extra clean.

I then dressed and parted ways with a kiss. My African princess living up to my expectations as I knew she would.  

Joe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st April 2016, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: peterpaul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review 
No mention of anal that's what she's best at ,really goes off 

Pp


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st April 2016, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have read a lot of reviews on her - I am frightened to see her!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd April 2016, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was just thinking about looking her up to see when she's in town next, unfortunately it'll have to be next time


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd April 2016, 09:23 PM
Poster ID: peterpaul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by pauldog


I have read a lot of reviews on her - I am frightened to see her!
"""



You need your weeties to see lily 
It's full on sucking fucking anal butt plugs dildos games strap ons and that's before you have a shower 
Nice lady a lot of fun when you get use too her 
Pp


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd April 2016, 11:18 AM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Definitely have to try anal next time but will need to stay longer. I was short for time on this occasion due to some stuff arounds initially and I always do a half hour sample for first time visits.


