Thread Title: Lily...Dandenong....0435 808 117
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st May 2018, 12:31 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Lily...Dandenong....0435 808 117
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address : Dandenong Motel  Skokka 0435808117

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till late

Rates : $120 for 30 minutes FS

Age : 21 Plus

Size/shape : Slim, Medium build, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes...but be prepared for Bait and Switch

With the decline of Cracker and BP, I searched other forums and spied an advert that created interest. Albeit I was suspicious of B&S.

Rang and made an appointment. Travelled to the motel and announced that I had arrived...OK ....please wait 5 minutes. Things you see whilst waiting for a root. The rotating neon sign advertising room rates states "Standard room $89, Deluxe Room $99."  I doubt that I will be in the deluxe.....

Get the message that the coast is clear and made my way to the room. The door was opened and yes, she was hiding behind the door, the room was dark and I could not see anything. I walked into the bed area where there was some light, but...

I turned and there was a young woman, sensually dressed in a bra and panties covered by a see thru, sheer baby doll outfit. Looked good but.... She came onto me, kissed me, hugged me and grabbed for junior. Ok ok....I back off a bit and look at her. She is not the girl in the photo, but still pretty. I hand over the coin and slowly undress. Lily goes to remove her clothes but I tell her to stop. No understand..I got her to get her phone and she knew the drill. I spoke, she listened, she spoke I read.....

She puts the phone down and I begin to unwrap the parcel. Slowly, caressing all the bare skin and she is naked. 

She lies on her back and I commence sucking her breast, her navel and down to the puss. Fingers stroking the clit and then DATY fingers in and into her butt hole. No restrictions, but I don't tempt my luck. By now lill Wol is up for it. Then she doms me up, lies back wanting MISH, but I asked her to turn around for doggie.

Grabbed her hips and entered. Started slowly and increased pace. Leaning onto her back, fondled her breasts ...rubbed her clit...Upped the pace, pulled her hard...ball slapping....bang....blew hard....

Lily then gave me a 5 minute massage, which was pointless.

I showered and got dressed.  THEN I noticed RED LIPSTICK on my white tee shirt. This must have happened when she was all over me at the introduction.....lesson....never wear white to see a hooker....spent 10 minutes cleaning the tee. She laughed.... I didn't...

WIR ....Maybe...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st June 2018, 02:14 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wollee, it's so rare to read a review with u doing full service. 120 for half now that is what fair value means.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd June 2018, 07:35 PM
Poster ID: NoFeelings
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like a decent punt for an Asian, what would you estimate her age was?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th June 2018, 05:00 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by NoFeelings


Sounds like a decent punt for an Asian, what would you estimate her age was
"""



Early to Mid 20's


