Thread Title: Lily - Tarneit (Truganina) - 0414 477 678
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd August 2019, 06:21 AM
Poster ID: redbaron
Post Title: 
 Lily - Tarneit (Truganina) - 0414 477 678
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 1/8/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...max-relax.html

Phone : 0414 477 678 

Hours of Business : Not stated

Rates : $120 30 Mins (incl tip)

Age : 40+

Size/shape : D or DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, RNT, FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad for a quickie

My experience/comments : 

Contacted Lily via Locanto and teed up a morning visit very quickly (like within 5 minutes of sending the message). Discussed extras on arrival and was straight into it - nude up, rubbing me up getting me ready to rock and roll. CBJ on the bed for a few minutes then on she jumped. It had been a while between drinks so I was all over fairly quickly and she offered a massage for the remainder of the time but I politely declined. 
WIR? For sure - I'd like to explore her body to body massage option and likely will next week (or soon). Hard to tell her age with the make up on etc, but an absolutely fantastic set of fun bags if that's what floats your boat. Enhanced sure but they look like a nice job. Feel amazing as well. 

It is in a private house on a quiet street so no idea how concerned her neighbours may be but she does have a sign on the door advertising massage and the mobile number(s).

Copy/Paste of the ad in case the link changes/gets removed: 





			
				0414 477 678 

Body to Body Massage is a truly erotic experience I can offer you.
Your whole body will be covered in warm non-scented or aromatic massage oil lovingly applied to prepare you for the delights to follow.

Using my naked body and expert hands, i will caress and stroke every inch of your body - pressing and gliding against you - teasing you to a state of utter euphoria.

I will slide my naked body all over yours - from the tips of your toes to the top of your head, focusing on those ultra sensitive erogenous zones, building you up along a racy roller coaster ride of excitement.sensual body to body movements.

My technique is a unique cocktail of Swedish massage, delicate caresses and sensual body movement.body to body slides are a wonderful way in which to view the female form in all its glory.

I perform nude massage to give you the ultimate view of my sexy body rubbing all over your naked body. I will be using all of my body to massage and tease you.intimate massage and a state of euphoric pleasure that is often found in Tantric, and sensual massages. 

Warm assisted shower will be offered before and after massage session.
Professional Massage Price
70/30mins 100/45mins140/60mins 

If you want a unforgettable massage pls contact meIf you are looking for more then massage then I do provide full service for you.Contact for more details Pls call or txt me anytime you are free, I’m here waiting for you!


