Thread Title: Lily, Young Asian - Melbourne (CBD) -  0423 245 168
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th November 2013, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: 
 Lily, Young Asian - Melbourne (CBD) -  0423 245 168
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 13/11/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : CBD Location, melbourne cbd near Elizabeth & Flinders   she has a couple of Ads on locanto but uses same contact number

Sensual Massage With An Attractive Girl, Melbourne

Have A Good Time With A Pretty Girl, Melbourne Vic

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $100 for 30 minutes  nude massage & HJ

Age : 22-23

Size/shape : 8, curvy  C-D cup  Asian Girl from mongolia

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mongolioan

Services Provided :  Nude  Massage  & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Um  Nope probably not  better value elsewhere

My experience/comments : Got this chick's number from locanto and booked a sensual massage session for today, she gave me address and I made my way to location.  Currently situated in Hotel and using Hotel room for her bookings but lives elseshwere.   After being given the room number made my way up lift and went to room, she let me in, cute Asian girl wearing neglige long dark hair and c-d cup boobs.  she asked how long I said 30 minutes and paid the $100

She asked me to undress and lay on the bed in this small room, she then proceeded to rub me with her hands but would not really call it a massage, she was chatty and her English was OK   Eventually asked me to flip and grabbed hold of my member, said some Oil would be better for rubbing so I said OK, she lubed me up and was keen to get me to cum using her hands,   If I went near her boobs she didn't like nipples being touched  ( said she was ticklish)  she didn't mind rubbing of her body but appeared to say was ticklish to reduce amount of sensual rubbing on my part,  only small peck on cheek so not keen on kissing either,   She was fine to let me see her pussy and give it a bit of a rub but ho insertion,  She eventually got me across the line, cleaned me up, then continued with a bit more rubbing but not much else, I got dressed   Said goodbye and left. I definitely would not be going back  and value elsewhere   money better spent elsewhere  so took one for the team.


Girl - 7/10
Body - 7/10
Behavior - 4/10
Overall experience - 5/10

Dont waste your  money


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th November 2013, 06:42 PM
Poster ID: ritual
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review Goldfinger38, shame you didn't enjoy the experience she looks hot in her ad, don't feel to bad about the money spent. I've spent more on lap dances with nothing more than a tease to show for it.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th November 2013, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
LOL  yes I can relate to that too.  Um her body is same as pic but face is average  not cute  just OK  but that could have been made better if she was more affectionate and accommodating for attention . so because she didn't like too much attention on her  it was not really enjoyable, the room was really tiny too and was only on a short bed as my legs hung over end,  so yeah  I took one for the team.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 08:34 PM
Poster ID: old
Post Title: 
 Lili - Melbourne (CBD) - 0423 245 168
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lili

Establishment : Apartment on Elizabeth St

Date of Visit : 22/1/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423245168

Hours of Business : 12- 8

Rates : $150 p/h

Age : 23 ?

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage/ CBJ /HJ /FS


Value for money/recommend? :Probably not

My experience/comments : So i make a booking today for this afternoon as i was in the city. Get sent the address in Elizabeth St and when i get there the address does not exist. Several calls and unanswered texts and no reply. I guess the correct number but did not know the room number.

After waiting 10 minutes i had had enough and wandered of getting as far as Flinders lane before I got a call saying where are you? I had no service and have been trying to call. Now i could have walked away but felt it was my duty to complete the dead so that i could compile this review.

Went upstairs to the room which was small and clean with the drapes closed. Pay $100 for 30 minutes and get told to lay down on the weird double and a half bunk. ( I hate getting a massage on a bed as you just end up bouncing up and down). Lili maybe using a bit of poetic license about her age but she told me she is at school studying Beauty treatments so i may be incorrect .

The pictures look correct and she has a decent body with decent sized chesticles ( C cup) she is not the around and at best has an average face.

Back massage was just going through the motions and was really a waste of 5 minutes of my life. I roll over and she says i kept you waiting so i will give you a free CBJ, always wanting more i ask for FS. Part with the extra $50 and she puts the cover on and gives me an uninspiring BJ. After a couple of minutes she saddles up for some improvised cowgirl due to the top of the bunk, followed by some missionary and then doggie. 

For whatever reason i wasn't anywhere close to finishing up and we were both getting pretty hot and sweating so i lay back down on the bed and she takes of the dom and starts to give me a cranky. 

At this point i am ready to walk away with blue balls and put it down to experience but she would not be beaten. After a mixture of figure eights , pepper grinder and some stuff i could not even put a name to i erupted and had to commend her for her determination and commitment to getting the job done. This is probably the reason why i was happy to chalk this one up to experience. 

They can't all be home runs. Sometimes you just need to put the ball in play..


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th October 2014, 12:32 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's one of the Locanto ads (still up, from Goldfinger38's post),





			
				 Have a good time with a pretty girl - 23

Hi gentlemen:I'm 23,came from east Asia,I have a stunning body,in fanncy dress
which will make you feel erotic hot.I'll give you fullbody sensual massage,You will enjoy my sexy body,my gentle touch and my good service.I'm in CBD Melbourne.30 min $100.I will not answer your E-mail.
only booking by call me or text me:0410178936


