Thread Title: Lina - 378 Little Bourke St CBD - 0406 268 170
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th November 2018, 08:58 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Lina - 378 Little Bourke St CBD - 0406 268 170
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lina (The text she sent me with the rates said her name was Lina from Taiwan, girl I saw was Honey from Malaysia)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 25 October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 378 Lt Bourke St CBD 0406268170

Phone : 0406268170

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : Full service 20mins for $70, 30mins for $100, 45mins for $120, 1 hr for $150
Massage + hand job / blow job: $70 / 30 mins, natural blow job only $50 /15 mins

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Nice body for her age, decent natural C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : Full sex $70

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I had an extended lunch break so sent a few text messages out to the numbers associated with this venue.
Got a couple of responses and made a choice.
Those who visit the girls in here will know how it works. It appears there is a central command centre somewhere, possibly in hotel but who knows could be anywhere. There are a few numbers you text and all end up at the same place. The English in the text messages is good, prices services etc, and then the directions to the room to meet the girl so they are obviously not sent by the girl in the room
The girls I have seen can rarely speak English. The girl I saw this day, Honey, was no exception.
This often causes a problem with the payment of the services, the stunned mullet look they give you when you hand over $70 and then try to explain what you want.
They obviously have little understanding of the rates in the text messages from what I can see.
Anyway financials sorted, she is happy to take the $70, strips off to reveal a decent body.
I sit down on the bed next to her and start to kiss her tits and she takes my cock and starts playing with it.
I say to her China? She responds no no, Malaysia. Threw in a couple of words in Malay and she understood, obviously Chinese Malaysian.
After a short time I lay back on the bed and ask her to get me ready.
She starts sucking the old fella with a decent BBBJ, then she doms me up.
I indicate to her to get on the bed doggy.
She adopts the frog position, back to me kneeling on the bed, I grab her nice arse, enter her slowly from behind and start slowly fucking her taking my time not wanting to cum too fast.
Not too long though before I can wait no longer, and unload into the dom, wait till I am empty, then slowly pull the old fella out.
She cleans me up, I duck into the bathroom and give the old fella a quick wash, dress, and I am on my way.
As usual as I leave there are 3 or 4 punters walking along the corridors checking messages on their mobiles waiting for directions to their room. 
Another good punt in here and I will return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th November 2018, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jesus christ Jersey, this place is hilarious.  Surely the bellboy, maids, cleaners and head janitor are onto what is going on here.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th January 2019, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jersey i know u love this place, but i remember a few weeks back, watching a film called derailed with my mum.  Basically the 2 go to a motel room and start out making love, but they did not lock the door, and a guy with a gun storms in demanding money.  The girl was raped and the guy was bashed unconscious.  It is a film worth seeing, as there is more to this than meets the eye, but i did think about this hotel set up while watching the film, and probably would not want to be put in this situation. 

I was told this happens a lot in Motel's/ Hotels, where set up's like this occur, interesting to see this situation in a film


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th January 2019, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No worries Brauny, thanks for the heads up.
Believe it or not I have often wondered if there may be a 3rd or even fourth person hiding in the toilet in 378 waiting to roll me once I got nuded up, and so I started asking if I could use the toilet as soon as I get there just to check.
So far so good.
You are right you never know you need to be careful. But I think as I usually use the same 2 or 3 numbers that lead to 378 it should be ok as I am sure that whoever is running that racket does not want their business model fucked up by someone doing that.


