Thread Title: Linda??? - Moonee ponds - 0423 069 744
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th January 2020, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: Chupacabra
Post Title: 
 Linda??? - Moonee ponds - 0423 069 744
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda???

Establishment : private apartment Moone ponds 

Date of Visit : 4/01/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...-ASS-FUCK.html

Phone :0423069744

Hours of Business : 10:00 a.m until late?? 

Rates : $100 for 30 mins and $150 60 mins 

Age : Old's 

Size/shape : fat and old 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : cbj and cover fs

Value for money/recommend? : for 100 pesos and drunk yes.. 

My experience/comments :  I was looking for something different today..  Getting sick of those massage parlour changing big prices.. I know locanto ads are fakes too..  I will try something new into the unknown.. I saw this ad mentioned above..  Pretty sure I knew pictures fake but I wanted to try those private apartments.. I have read lots of reviews online, some good ones others like this one.. You just want to forget about it..  So made the contact and straight away got the location where those ugliest ladies are working..  I was walking to address provided and 
saw another punter leaving around same apartment I was heading..  Showed up knocked door this lady wearing Sexy outfits opened door.. Another asian lady was sleeping on a couch. And WL lady took me to a room with a bed..  I thought to myself wow!!! This is locanto ads.. Paid my fees for 30 mins . When she saw my wallet full of money. Straight away she was try to upsell 2 ladies for $150.  No f...  Way.  She started giving me a cbj when the door opened the other milf showed up.  They were talking oriental language about my wallet and how much I was carried.. I stayed firm say no  way Jose...  The other milf left the room and continued with the cbj.. After 10 mins of sucking then straight to doggie..  Tried to think someone really nice but difficult reality different..  I continued giving to her smacking her with my dick on her pussy and ass..  Tried to stick inside her ass but she moved away..  Then on mish she was making lots of fake moaning didn't buy it..  She tried to tickle my nipples to come earlier..  I moved away..  I'm in control lady.  Continued with slow thrust so to make most of the 30 mins..  My mind betrayed me I just wanted to get out there..  Finished it with 10 mins to spare.  She gave awful massage then time was up..  Got dress and left the place..  Overall if you want a cheap 100 pesos Fuck with not good looking ladies..  It might be for you..  Tried locanto ads I knew it 100%  grandmas..


