Thread Title: Lisa - St Albans - 0469 105 999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th June 2013, 10:37 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: 
 Lisa - St Albans - 0469 105 999
				
Post Content: 
I looked up a couple of ads online in locanto in  the St. Albans area and notice some hot chick advertising that their photos were real and they were available for massage services and in some case FS

So i sms the number  for details for the Ad with Vicki named on it   i have included links below for Vicki
and Tina    there are more ads with the same contact numbers and misleading photos of georgous girls

I was told after some exchange messages that Vicki would be available today  so i said I wouls sms when I was coming which I did,  was then told Vicki not on but Lisa was available abd busty and sexy and  29 mmm
 so I get to the location in St Albans which is a privatte house and the door opens with a chuby short asian girl saying come in,  i asked where Vicki or tina was and she dragged me into a bedroom, I asked her a few times was she Lisa on the phone and she said yes, nothing like what was described,  now alarm bels should have been sounding by now as the house stunk like fish and the place was not great.   however I thought I should "take 1 for the team" and see what it was like.

so the review is below and the web  links  are below for some of the ads on locanto.

persons name:  Lisa

establishment:  Private House in Chelmsford Crs St. Albans 

Date of Visit  18th June 2013

Contact details  0469 105 999

Hours of business  not disclosed on the website ad on Locanto

rates   $100 for 30 minutes for FS

Age   40s  at a guess

Nationality  Chinese

size   chubby  size 10  natural Ds  average  rolls of plumpness

Services  Provided  massage (non existent) and FS

Value for money  Definitely NOT

Comments:  

We both undresssed after I handed over the greenback  and  she   went out to give funds to someone

hopped onto a massage table set up in the bedroom

Massage was just a few rubs across the back virtuuually non existent

Then I flipped and she started kissing me all over and then grabbed my johnson, started kissing it and then giving me BBBJ    wasnt too bad    she was just a bit chubby and ordinary looking and definitely not what I had asked for .

then she slapped on the dom and she got onto the table and we did it in mish with her saying some dirty  sexyy words  that probably helped her

I got across the line  and then got off, she cleaned me up, I got dressed and so did she  and I promptly left,  now sheh did perform OK BBBJ and it wasnt all terrible as I did get the FS  etc

however  as I say  was deceived with fake ads so not happy  anyway    here is the review andn warning for  you all....   next time if an ugly chick answers the door I am leaving!!!!!!


Vietnamese pretty girl here VICKY --- STAR, st albans

Super hot tina is here, st albans

New stunning girl tina is here, st ablans


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2013, 08:34 PM
Poster ID: qUbsee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My experience here, is that every single picture they post on Locanto is a fake, i've only come across one reasonable girl here. (She had tattoos and provided a reasonable service).


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th July 2013, 05:01 PM
Poster ID: yuripuri
Post Title: 
 Lili in St Albans
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Li Li

Establishment : Chelmsford Cr, St Albans

Date of Visit : 10/07/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Chelmsford Cr, St Albans - Mob. 0469 105 999

Hours of Business : 9am till late

Rates : $100 for 30minutes

Age : 40+ (advertised as 21)

Size/shape : C cup, chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Stay away from this place, waste of time.

My experience/comments :

I was curious about this place in St. Albans that advertise for massages on Locanto. The advert said Li Li new girl from Singapore. I rang the number and asked about Li Li and if she was working. Papasan in broken english said yes and gave me address. An hour drive later, I arrived at this suburban house on the corner of a small street. Looked a bit dodgy from the outside. I went in and asked for LiLi and he said she gone home. I think he pretented to not understand english as he keeps saying "huh"? I told him he said Li Li was available when I spoke to him on the phone and he say something like "LiLi home go.." Then he show me this other woman. a middle age chinese woman who had trouble with even simple english. After driving so far I didn't want to go home empty handed .. So paid for the 30min FS. 

Got undressed and laid on the table and she got undressed as well. Quite chubby body with downstairs shaved and small flabby boobs. She didn't talk much and proceeded to give a very mechanical massage. I asked her to give me a deeper massage but she just looked at me with a lost look so I just shut up and turned over. Then she immediately applied some lub on junior and proceeded to tug. She kept looking at the clock which didn't help. It was hard to get terribly excited about the whole thing and after about 10 minutes of mechanical tug, she ask do I want CBJ ? She did this by holding up the condom and motion with her lips in an up and down motion. Because junior wasn't buying the excitement, I manually applied some self stimulation and got him hard enough to put on a DOM. She then formed an O ring with her lips and bobbed up and down .. it was hard to tell if her lips made contact with junior or not. 

After 5 minutes of guessing if she is making contact or not, I put a stop to proceedings. Got dressed and got out.

Very typical "Bait and Switch" venue. Watch out as they advertise for young/new girl and only have old women available. They will use new names, but address wont change.

Stay away from this place. Total rip-off.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th July 2013, 05:12 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Goldfinger38


Vietnamese pretty girl here VICKY --- STAR, st albans

Super hot tina is here, st albans

New stunning girl tina is here, st ablan
"""



Before all the ads exprire, here's the Tina one from Locanto,

"Hello, I am Tina from china, 25, Size 5, hot sexy figure, soft kissable lips and big soft boobs 38DD. 
Come to see me darling, I have girl friend experience and lets have fun together : ) 

My service: Natural French, French kiss, 69, Golden Shower, hot oral, naked massage.

the photo are 100% real, contact 0469 105 999"

Best to post the ad content (+- the pix) with your review so we can all see the bait.


