Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2019, 12:38 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Lisa/Natalie -Southbank - 0426 876 096
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Freelance

Date of Visit : mid Oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndependent/oo/

Phone : 0426876096

Hours of Business : after 11am

Rates : $150/0.5h (was there 14 minutes)

Age : 30's

Size/shape : medium height, pudgy, worn out, saggy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, crap sex

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : Booked through an agency (usually Rose Ln) for another WL (Flora). Lisa answers door. Wasn't the WL in the photos but seemed ok so continued. Should of walked. Totally shit session. Oh baby you are so strong, have such a big cock, come yet baby, blah blah blah. Had to ask her to be quiet. As I was walking out the WL that I had booked was in the kitchen cooking. I recall there an exchange between the two girls after I had paid the money and was in the room so maybe Lisa had ripped off Flora's booking. This girl is easily recognisable by the tatt on her left shoulder. She also has a big tatt on her lower stomach. She looks ok in the photos but they've been touched up.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st March 2020, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: fawksguy818
Post Title: 
 Melbourne - Natalie - Taiwanese
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie
Establishment : Private
Date of Visit : 1 Mar 2020
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ependent/ss88/
Phone : +61426876096
Hours of Business : 10am-late
Rates : 250
Age : 30+
Size/shape : Small and slightly chubby
Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese 
Services Provided : FS and CBJ
Value for money/recommend? : Not Really


My experience/comments :


Found Natalie on escortsandbabes.I was surprised to see excellent English and young age. The only issue was no reviews but I made a rookie mistake.


I had booked her in the morning for an hour and messaged her before leaving my place . She replied after 20 mins that she has "moved" to a new apartment. It was quite a distance away from the original place she had mentioned. Red flags were going off but I ignored them. Anyway I managed to get there in time. 


Very high end apartment building. Entered the apartment and it wasn't a complete mess but it wasn't exactly the best. She is sharing the apartment with her friend. And her friend was sleeping in a different room so we had to keep quiet. 


It was pretty clear she is at least 10 years older than advertised. But she was really tiny and didn't look too bad. Didn't feel like a total rip off. 


In the room she quickly undressed and went ahead with a cbj. I was surprised. Turns out she is super scared of coronavirus so everything is covered and no kissing. 


I was definitely feeling a bit let down. Anyway she did a good job with the cbj. Her English wasn't very good . Turns out she has been here only 2 years and is studying English. So the whole profile was definitely written by someone else. 


Moved on to missionary and she was a bit fun for like 5 minutes but if I came close to her face, she would cover her face. It was quite hilarious actually. But I enjoyed fucking a tiny little thing. She was hoping that I won't last long but poor thing had no idea what she had signed up for. After a while she realized that and started acting like a starfish. 


I played around with her, tried to talk to her, pretended to force kiss her and that got her out of her starfish mode. Later on I had to play around with her asshole to make her alert . It was quite fun to poke her, spank her too. She would totally get active and come at me. Which would probably unintentionally make her pussy tighter.


Fucked her in missionary for like 15 minutes and then she agreed to cowgirl. She was pretty good actually. Probably lasted 5 minutes but definitely had skills. Just not the energy. There was a lot of the tight pussy action when she was riding me. 


So we went back to missionary and she was telling me I should have two wives, I can fuck each for 30 mins. So funny. 


She was clearly not happy about me lasting this long, kind of added to the fun for me. But I would have preferred if she was a nymph as her profile says.  


Ended the session with doggy and really drilled her pussy and came hard. It was absolutely awesome. The buildup of almost 40 mins of non stop fucking was amazing. Took a shower by myself. She was completely glued to her phone from the point I put her in doggy. 


Took off after the shower and got her we chat. If I had seen her we chat photos I would have the right expectations. Anyway it wasn't completely bad. Just had higher expectations because of the profile. Will only go for well reviewed girls now .


