Thread Title: Little Miss Alice - West Melbourne - April 2017
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 02:12 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 Little Miss Alice - West Melbourne - April 2017
				
Post Content: 
NAME OF GIRL....... Little Miss Alice


https://www.littlemissaliceescort.com/


SESSION... Day


BOOKING... $450 One Hour


DID I EXTEND... NO


COST OF SESSION....... $450


EXTRAS CHARGE.......NO


NATIONALITY..... Australian


APPROXIMATE AGE.....23 ?


ENGLISH... excellent


HAIR... Medium, coloured


HAIR IN SESSION...She alternated between tied back and flowing


HAIR COLOUR... Brown and Blue and Purple


TATTS... Yes several, but feminine


LOOKS... AVERAGE/Good. She looked skinnier in real person


SKIN COLOUR...pale


BODY... very thin


BREASTS...A-


TWAT APPEARANCE...... I'd suggest lasered or waxed below, sparse full V up-front


ATTIRE...Shot Skirt and Jumper


DOES SHE SMOKE....No


DFK... Yes Plentifull


DATY...  Yes loved it


RIMMING... DIDNT TRY


BBBJ... YES


BBBJ TYPE...MIXED IT UP WITH VARIETY


SEX...Lots


CIM... Apparently yes but no swallow


EYE CONTACT... lots of EYE CONTACT


ANY INTANGIBLE XFACTOR... nice and chatty


ANY ANNOYING HABITS... NO


ANY SHOWER FUN... No, the shower was waaay too small


FRIENDLY... Highly 


SEXUAL GAME PLAN... She goes with the Flow


SESSION RATING... Good to great


WOULD I RETURN ...Yes




After 2 weeks of being screwed around by various other ladies, I decided to book Miss Alice. A bit more expensive than I normally go for, but I thought it was worth it considering how much i had "saved" lately.


I obviously did a bit of research, and saw some real mixed opinions on another forum - apparently some people have encountered some bad attitude, but  but I figured it was worth a shot to see.  There's always 2 sides to a story.


Anyway, I made the booking easily enough, and rocked up to her place in West Melbourne. It's a nice new unit block. Come the booking time, she sent me an SMS with the details, and I buzzesd up to her place. Now I know it's minor, but her place is a little messy, maybe it was just today, but I did find it a little off-putting.


She asked nicely if i'd like a shower, so I said yes, had a quick shower, money was exchanged, and onto the bed for an hour of fun. Actually more like 40 mins but that was my call. She really just went with the flow, lots and lots of kissing, it was a true GFE experience, more so than any working lady I've seen in the last couple of years. 


She asked me nicely what I'd like and made suggestions, but it was not like she had a routine. Lots of DATY, 69, BBBJ, CG, Asian CG (which she claimed she'd never done or heard of before?) and all the usual positions. She's pretty firm on the no fingers inside, but is happy for outside play. 


Again she asked if she could bring some toys into the mix, so with some artificial vibrations added to the action I reach the cliff and finished, and then got to help her finish up too.


I'm sure she would have been up for round two, but I needed a breather, so we spend 15 mins or so talking while her very attention seeking poodle kept trying to get some petting action too. I found her very easy to talk to, it was quite natural. By the time i realised time was up, time was up, so I took a shower, got a nice cuddle and kiss goodby and was on my way.


WIR? I think I will to see whether we can move from GFE into more PSE, but next time i'd probably only take a 30 minute booking.


Miss Alice has recently moved to Melbourne permanently, so she will be more available for us down here, however she did say she's going overseas in June for a few months so don't wait too long if you have any interest.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Please use the AXR template to post your reviews. No contact details or phone number have been included in this review.
[COLOR="#FFFFFF"].[/COLOR] 
Attachment 7118


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 05:01 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry i'll use the template next time. I don't seem to be able to edit it.

However contact details were provided. Her website is on the second line.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just repost it using the template. You need to add the contact details to the review as internet adverts often are of limited life.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th April 2017, 12:14 AM
Poster ID: Thrill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Apartment Complex

Date of Visit : April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.littlemissaliceescort.com/

Hours of Business : night

Rates : 180 for 15 mins, 450 for one hr

Age : 23

Size/shape : thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Eh...

My experience/comments : 
Had 2 sessions with Alice last week. She operates in an apartment that is a 15 minute walk or so from Southern Cross Station. 

Session 1 (15 min BBBJ CIM):
Let her know I was outside, quickly buzzed in and saw a beautiful slim girl (photos are accurate, she also posts selfies on twitter so you can see for yourself). I was a bit weary due to her running the twitter handle ShitPunters where she badmouths rude clients or people that don't meet her expectation but she was lovely in person. Quickly showered, and had an amazing blow job session. Lots of eye contact, slapping on the tongue and before I knew it, 15 minutes was up and I still hadn't cum yet. She was accommodating and upped the pace until I came. Brilliant service, and very nice in general. I said I'd book her in 2 days for a 1hr session.

Session 2 (1hr):
This session was a bit weird, started off with lots of kissing but she seemed a bit distant. I asked her if everything was okay (bad move on my part) and she started complaining about some guy cancelling on her without telling her. And that it happened two or so times. Whatever, I try to remedy the situation but she just seemed disinterested. Finished in doggy and she just kept complaining afterwards and I couldn't get my second round up mentally... Caught her on a bad day I suppose. She won't be back tiil September I believe so hopefully the next time I see her will make up for it.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th April 2017, 11:40 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Each to their own of course, but she has an attitude like that, charges those ridiculously high prices, and you are going back?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th April 2017, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: Thrill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I see value in a 30 minute session rather than the 1 hr just in case things turn sour. The blue hair she has and petite figure really does it for me...If you know of any other WL like that, then I will be more than happy to take recommendations .


