Thread Title: Lucy - Box hill - 0426 512 919
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th December 2017, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Lucy - Box hill - 0426 512 919
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Shop with multiple girls working any day- Box hill apartment

Date of Visit : 17/12/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Super skinny hottie New New New - 0426 512 919 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 150$ 30 mins

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Size 8 b-cups  Dyed  long light red hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : China 

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : No but serviceable 

My experience/comments : Not the girl in the pic of course.  I headed down to Box hill today with around 12 mobile numbers in the phone. I wanted to stay with a girl in the tall Whitehorse towers, i have met one girl in there already, but passed, and that shop was my back up today. I was hoping other escorts were working there in other rooms. The first contact got back to me, and it was this place.  I met a nice looking mid 20's girl wearing a 2 piece blue skirt and short top over the bra with the words "police" over her top.  I was fairly attracted to her, but this was not the Towers place.  I told the mamasan who was wearing nothing more than a towel around her, that i like this girl, but i have 10 more contacts i want to get in touch with before deciding.  After a few more mins of them tempting me, the mamsan grabbed me by the arm, and basically threw me out.  I was a bit shocked that has never happened in that way.

I continued on, had an African looking guy approach me at the end of the street, and started a conversation while i was on the phone.  I escaped this guy, but he found me later on sitting in shade near the Whitehorse towers.  Basically he was wondering if anything interesting happened up there.  He has made contact with one of the agencies, he was interested in some action like me, but the prices were too high for him, and he left me to continue my work.Glad he left to be honest.  The more i contacted the numbers, the more i got replies for this address.  Over time i was having bad luck with my plans, and the Mamasan agreed that if things did not work out, i could come back and see the police girl.

Did meet a girl at another apartment but she was another fake,old and not worth 150 for 30 mins. she was upset i left too. Started thinking this gig just isn't for me.

I did stay with a girl in the Whitehorse towers, and i will write that review, but i still was thinking about the police girl and returned.  I was placed at a kitchen table, the lady who threw me out was sitting at a small table with the Backpage adds up on the laptop and 6 mobile phones on the table.  This is one elaborate operation. She had a yellow dress on now. The Police girl was busy, another guy arrived and i was asked to wait in another room. Earlier on the Mamasan told me "this girl will get busy later, u better stay with her now".  When it was my turn, the police girl Lucy took me into her room.  I was worried service would be bad after being thrown out.

To be honest Lucy had lost some of her appeal after i assume a few sessions, her hair looked a little wet, maybe from being a bit worn out.If i walked i may not be here now hehe.She stripped out of her outfit, told me to lie on back, she then wiped my cock with a wet towel, and started licking nipple while teasing my penis with her hands.  I thought i may get bbbj, but that did not happen.  Lucy has very poor English and i could only guess her age was mid 20's.  She had pubic hair above her vagina.A small tat on ankle, and small tatoo writing on shoulder.  She applied a condom, and gave me a pretty rigorous bj.  A couple of times she lean't over the bed to spit, but the sight of her sucking in the mirror was nice.  Her technique was pretty fast and tight, with some light moaning.

She put her police skirt back on for the sex.  Lube applied, pussy was nice and tight during missionary.  We spent a few mins in this position, before i wanted her to sit on top, but she ended up in a doggy position, so i rammed it back into her.  Doggy was just as good, i rubbed her ass cheeks a bit, while pumping her. The tightness was fantastic.  I could see her in the side mirror with nice facial expressions.I arched her forward a bit for even better penetration, she did not moan at all during the intercourse.I noticed  her head bowed down to the bed, she looked a little over it, good news for her was, i was on the verge of climaxing, and did so soon after.

After a quick shower and re dressed, i was let out by her with no sight of the young Mamasan who appeared to be in a room giving service   
 to someone.   When i left, there was an Aussie guy with a mobile out obviously in need of escort treatment, waiting to be buzzed up.  

Regarding Backpage, 150 130 and 120 for 30 mins, i have not met any girl who has really blown me away.  I reckon if u gather all the 100 for 30 adds, u may find some girls as good as these higher priced girls.  The thrill of going into different apartments is good, but that may ware off with all the fake pics, and girls who are angry you are saying no too. There seems to be no substitute for brothels.  Good day.


