Thread Title: Luna - Collins St, Melb CBD - 0420 939 187‬‬
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th April 2018, 06:03 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Luna - Collins St, Melb CBD - 0420 939 187‬‬
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Luna

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : late April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...u3j5225104363/


Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $150/0.5h plus $30 for DATY

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : petite, small tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Haven't had much time for a punt this year but managed a quick visit as was close. With the demise of BP checked out Locanto (personal services, W4M area) that seems to have a lot of the ads and Skokka. I was fairly sure this ad was going to be in that very high apartment tower between King and Spencer. Texted and quick response and available now. The lifts are very slow in that building. No doubt same girl when Luna opens that door. Nice body and fairly attractive (of course not as great as the photos) in a black lingerie set. Was a fairly hot afternoon that the apartment was being blasted by sun. Paid up and hit the shower. Come out and Luna says lie down I want to suck your cock. Find out that she has some good learnt phrases in English but when I asked about advertising now without BP couldn't understand and asked me to speak in Chinese please. On with dom for CBJ, which was very good with deep throating. Would be spectacular with BBBJ and CIM. Fantastic small tits. Said she was going to make them bigger. I said, don't, they are perfect and why I made the booking. Asked about kissing her pussy, extra $30. Ok that's fair. Luna went to the shower and gave her pussy a good wash. She was worried out it being smelly, which it wasn't. Beautiful pussy with lightly hair mont and none on the pussy lips. Moved her over to the side of the bed and had a good play. As was domed up, had a few strokes in mish and back to DATY a few times. Luna was just lying back relaxing and looked great with her legs hanging over the side of the bed and pussy ready for action. After a bit moved over and asked Luna to go on top CG. Did and looked great but not too deep. Finished that way.


