Thread Title: Lusciousss - Richmond - locanto only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2019, 07:20 PM
Poster ID: marcfairfield
Post Title: 
 Lusciousss - Richmond - locanto only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lusciousss

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 23/07/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...d-warm-up.html

Phone :

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $300

Age : 50's

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, DFK,

Value for money/recommend? : Good Value Service

My experience/comments : Contact was made via locanto as there wasn't a phone number, despite inconvenience of contact method I received a prompt reply that she was available same day and that she prefers to meet locally for a coffee to see if both parties are happy to proceed. I guess this is a good way to identify genuine clients and to screen for ratbags.

At the designated time I met with an attractive mature lady in a cafe in Richmond where we had a pleasant conversation to get to know each other and coffee. As we were finishing our coffee and out of earshot from staff/customers Lusciousss explained that she offers a relaxed Girlfriend Experience that usually lasts about 2 hours for $300 and  we decided that we both would like to continue our time together and had a brief walk to her great apartment around the corner.

After settling the bill we jumped into Lusciouss' enormous bath that is in her bedroom to warm up from the cold Melbourne weather. Here the Girlfriend service really begins with DFK, cuddling and oral and after warming up we dried off and jumped onto the bed for full service with lots of positions. We finished with a nice chat before heading back out to the cold Melbourne air.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th August 2019, 05:59 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. Have been meaning to see her So glad it was a good experience. Did the session go for the 2 hrs and how long was the coffee for?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th August 2019, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What does she look like?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th September 2019, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Any response to the questions? Did she allow multi shots?


