Thread Title: Mardou - Melbourne - mardou.barnes@yahoo.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th November 2013, 08:45 PM
Poster ID: chrandmisc
Post Title: 
 Mardou - Melbourne - mardou.barnes@yahoo.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mardou

Establishment: Hotel (she apparently also does some incall if you want that but prefers outcall to hotel or residence) 

Date of Visit:22/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: mardou.barnes@yahoo.com

Hours of Business: Full availability as far as I know.

Rates:$450

Age: Middle aged

Size/shape: Slim/athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian (American)

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Was decent time but probably won't be your best time

My experience/comments: 

After expressing interest in seeing Mardou through email, Mardou was quick to reply and we arranged to meet. I booked a fairly cheap and average hotel room and she arrived at the agreed upon time. She is an american girl currently living in Melbourne. She greeted me with a kiss on the lips and we went inside. Mardou comes off as a very confident woman who likes to take the lead. Mardou has beautiful brunette hair, with a great slim tanned body. She wore a nice black dress.

We talked a bit about our lives, she is currently a student in Melbourne and has travelled all around the world. After the quick chat we undressed eachother and both hopped in the shower in which we kissed/massaged eachother. Once out of the shower we got in bed and she gave me oral plus a bit more of a massage with her body. Now it was time for sex (protected sex) and we went at it for about 20 minutes till I was done. The sex felt pretty good and she was quite into it, taking the lead for most of it (started with missionary, then doggy and then her on top of me). After the sex she gave me more oral, stopping every now and then to give me a bit of a massage and kiss. Her body feels so good and her breasts are amazing. I only booked her for an hour but the time went by fast so I was definitely enjoying myself. Once our time was complete, I walked her out and we said our goodbyes. Mardou is overall a nice person who looks like she enjoys doing this type of thing.

If you can afford her then I do recommend her. If money is tight then probably best to find something else because while the experience was good, it wasnt anything super special.


