Thread Title: Marina - Melb CBD - 0433 532 246
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th January 2019, 06:27 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Marina - Melb CBD - 0433 532 246
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Marina

Establishment : Private apartment, A'beckett St, CBD

Date of Visit : mid Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...nisp244501043/

Phone :0433 532 246

Hours of Business : Not sure but once tried booking at about 11am and got a reply at 2pm saying sorry just woke up. Booked for late afternoon this time and no problem.

Rates : $150/30min or $200/45min.

Age : 30s maybe early 40s

Size/shape : Short/medium height, lots of curves in the right places, attractive.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Probably Chinese

Services Provided : back and leg massage, erotic massage, body slides, DATY, prostate massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : When the word 'tantric' appears in an ad I usually pass but was curious about prostate massage. Had tried to book Marina a couple of times but hadn't worked out. Saw ad on Skokka and was able to make a booking for late afternoon. Fair bit of texting to and fro to sort out what service I was after and how long would be best for. Marina recommended 45 min as that allows for a bit of time for relaxation, then the prostate massage and then GFE, as she refers to it. I was running late and had to reschedule 30 min which she was able to do. The building is one of those very new ones near Vic Market off Elizabeth St, this one is one of the better ones but it does have an active reception area. There are two entries to the building, east and west, the west one goes into reception with 3-4 people and lots of activity. Wrong entry. Go back out to the street and go to the east one with the intercom on the outside. Marina answered the door dressed in a pink see through item. As the ad photos don't show a face it was hard to tell whether fake or not but her body seemed about this same. The apartment looks like it is Marina's home as has all the usual long term resident stuff around and is clean, tidy and has little bunches of herbs or something around and it had a nice calm feeling with low level lighting. The bedroom was set up with a chest, head and two feet pillows and somewhere to hang your clothes. Paid up, stripped off, face down and spread the legs to rest on the feet pillows. Marina comes in and was getting ready at the foot of the bed chatting away. She has quite a husky voice and started to wonder if she was a tranny so turned around to have a look. Marina says "no peeking". A great back, shoulder, leg, bum and crack massage followed with lots of rubbing what certainly felt like pussy lips up and down. After about 15 min Marina hops off and lays next to me to get a dom off the bedside table. I sit up and have a play with her most glorious tits. She has a tattoo under her tits and I think around her belly button which is not in the photos. Other than that, the photos are accurate; she has a smoking hot body and is attractive. A really nice DATY session on a freshly shaved beautiful pussy followed with a bit of LFIV and LFK mixed in. I'm sceptical about WLs actually enjoying it but Marina certainly seemed to be enjoying her work and it was good fun. After lots of mucking around, body sliding, pussy lip sliding, etc she says I give you prostate massage now and directs me to be in doggy. So, I shape up in doggy and Marina gets ready between my legs and puts a tissue below my cock. I hear the snap of a latex glove going on and a crack and sack massage follows with some light date massage and then gentle insertion with the other hand massaging base of shaft, sack and perineum gently massing the prostate from inside and outside. Thankfully she didn't touch my shaft as I didn't want to come like that. Let the prostate massage go for a while but while interesting wasn't doing much for me so I said I wanted to fuck her. Marina laid down on her back. Bit more playing with those gorgeous tits and pussy and then straddled for dom on and move down to kneel between her legs. As I enter her I feel a vibration and she has a small two pronged clit vibrator working her clit while I knelt and pulled her up onto my cock. The whole experience was fantastic and totally PSE and a lot of fun. Marina really seems to enjoy the work. After she cleans me up she starts running the vibrator up and down my cock and knob and I start to bone up again. That usually never happens these days. Unfortunately I had time pressure and had to go otherwise I might have been up for more fun. Marina is highly professional and skilled, very enjoyable to be with and a sex goddess. The best and most fun punt ever and I hope she's around for a while as will go back for GFE/PSE but skip the prostate massage.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th January 2019, 07:12 AM
Poster ID: Lif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Face wise how would you rate her?


