Thread Title: Mary - Melbourne - 0414 517 604
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st August 2012, 11:13 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: 
 Mary - Melbourne - 0414 517 604
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Marina Baby

Contact Details/Address:0414517604 Pics can be found here: AdultWork.com - Adult Service Providers & Erotic Content - Escorts, Webcammers, SMS & Phone Chat/Sex, Movies, Galleries & Auctions
Prices:$300

Age: 22 - 25

Size/shape: 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Russian

Services: FS

Value for money/recommend ? Yes

My experience: I have seen Mary once before followed by her older sister (Kissy Missy).  Kissy Missy has more personality which is probably due to her knowledge of English, whereas Mary comes across as shy as her English is very poor.  This is probably the biggest draw back as literally there is very little conversation after the sex.

I texted to see who was available between Mary and Kissy Missy and it turned out Mary was, and ahe asked if I minded using the upstairs bedroom. I thought great  upstairs has a big double bed whereas the usual room only has a massage table.

With Mary, you really need to be the leader in every part of the session, so I quickly undressed and away we went.  Mary has lovely kissable lips and DFK was very enjoyable.  On to the bed and off with her sexy lingerie and more DFK which led me to DATY.   Mary really enjoys sex and soon she was moaning and groaning.  I started to try a few things and there was no pushing away, just enjoyment.  I asked if she does greek and she nodded a no. Soon I was in a missionary position and finished Doggy. There was some time left in the hour and I tried to talk to her but she understood very little.  I asked for a massage which was very very lame, so decided to shower and say goodbye. When I was a bit younger I could have gone another round but left satisfied anyway.

Note: she now has a separate mobile number which she use to share with her sister so other reviews still have her old number. Her rate is back to $300 and her sisters is still $250.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2013, 02:53 PM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: 
 Mary 0414 517 604 St kilda
				
Post Content: 
Originally Posted by Ajarrmac 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : Private home east st kilda

Date of Visit : 9/2/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414517604

Hours of Business :10am till late 

Rates : 300 per hr all up

Age : 25

Size/shape : slim to medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Ive been seeing mary now for quite some time. She never dissapoints me. I used to see her older sister who is occasionaly there she's around 40'ish with a great frame and speaks better english than mary.
Anyway i always get there on time and she's always ready for me. she puts on her classic lengerie and she looks great everytime. She always used to use a massage table but that soon gave me the shits as i like to move around alot and try different possitions. After telling her that i would like to use her bedroom she has been very easy going and agreed that when i see her we can use her bedroom. She doesnt do much because her english is pretty ordinary but she is getting better. I always initiate what i want her to do but thats ok cos she never says no (except to anal). 
Mary is great on the eyes and has nice perky breasts, always shaven and she tastes great. I spend most of my time down there. Only negative i can say about mary is that she often closes her eyes and puts on the orgasm act too often. 
I couldnt care less. I am definatey gonna keep going back and i reckon she's worth every cent.
By the way she doesn't rush me.
I've tried a few girls and i can honestly say that i always wanna go back to mary.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th April 2013, 10:06 PM
Poster ID: dearsean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I second that!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st July 2014, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
ive tried to go back to mary (marina) and shes not responding to any messages. Anyone know if shes still around. I know her sister is because she keeps txting me to go see her, but I want a piece of mary again.. Anyone?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th July 2014, 10:14 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by DonkeyKong01


ive tried to go back to mary (marina) and shes not responding to any messages. Anyone know if shes still around. I know her sister is because she keeps txting me to go see her, but I want a piece of mary again.. Anyone
"""



Ask her sister?  Mary sometimes goes back to Russia


