Thread Title: Maya Simmons - Melbourne - 0404 090 899
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2019, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 Maya Simmons - Melbourne - 0404 090 899
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maya Simmons

Establishment : Independant Escort (SWA 8500XE)

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ma...city=Melbourne

Phone : 0404 090 899

Hours of Business : Varies from day to day. Check SB

Rates : #350-/ hour

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : 8 - 10 / Curvy (but all in nice proportions)

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

My boss is a cunning old cunt. A ruthless fuckin' businessman who expects and gets value for money. Usually, I supply the value and he gets the money. The upshot is that I don't get too much time off so, when I do, I want to make the most of it.

Anyhows, finally get a morning to myself so I decide, first up, to visit a handjob practitioner and get my knob throbbed for an hour, then meet up with a honey I'd contacted a couple of days ago and lick, suck and fuck myself stupid before reporting into work and getting my mind fucked stupid. 

But, leaving the massage joint I wasn't in the best frame of mind. Something wasn't quite right. Sure, she'd flogged my cock for the best part of an hour but it didn't take me to the heights I'd anticipated. I mean, fuck me, if you're giving me a handjob, put some enthusiasm into it, don't stare at the ceiling! If you're giving me a blow job, suck it! - don't go around the edges! And if you've got your finger up my arse, don't answer your phone - those things don't disinfect so easily. Or maybe it was the brand of cling wrap she'd tried to use to wrap up my tool before giving it a tongue lashing. Anyhow, whatever. 

Trying to avert a complete downward mental spiral, I checked into a bar and downed a couple of vodkas for morning tea.

A mate of mine recently gave me a copy of Bitches Brew by the legendary Miles Davis. To be honest, I haven't listened to it yet. I can't get past the cover which I stared at for a while when I first got it. The menacing tribal figures and exquisite, dark-skinned Nubian women entwined on the cover hinted to me of bewitching African femmes hungry for sex and forbidden sexual practices. Pretty much instantly I was motivated to reaquaint myself with a childhood appetite for chocolate. Except the chocolate this adult had in mind can be eaten (out) again and again and again.

Trawling the web a while back in search of the sweet taste of Coco Pops, I came across an ad for a young African lass from Mozambique offering a 'tight and toned' body at a very reasonable price. It was to her that I was now heading after my lacklustre massage and my liquid lunch.

I'd arranged a late morning hook up and, as agreed, texted her to confirm I was on my way. No answer. I waited a few more minutes and texted again. No fucking answer! This shit went on for the next 20 minutes until I finally gave up in frustration. I only had a narrow window of opportunity and it was closing fast. In desperation I tried to tee up another escort. Fuck me, I must have contacted just about every whore in Melbourne. Very few replied. I don't get it - surely they want a return on their investment? Or maybe they're waiting for the Reserve Bank to lower the cash rate. 

This was a very stressful 30 odd minutes that I just didn't need and I was about to give up, give in, hang my head and front up to work for my daily mindfuck when, lo and fuckin' behold, my African sweetheart replies. Turns out she was asleep after a late night and didn't hear my messages. Great ... but kinda not great.

Anyhow, meeting Maya some 20 minutes later, in a slightly calmer frame of mind, I was very pleasantly surprised. Facewise, in my humble opinion, I'd say she was quite a striking looking girl, and far more attractive than you might guess from her online pics (which are by no means bad). Reasonably tall, probably about an 8 - 10 in body size, curvy (but in a very nicely proportioned way), breast size I'd say was around a D or E cup (but I'm no expert - I'm usually sucking them, not sizing them). Black, wavy hair that hung down past her waist and beautiful dark, smooth, caramel skin. 

She greeted me wearing a black, sheer negligee / bra combo thingy that reached to around her waist, but below that she was butt naked, so, as we introduced ourselves and chatted, I found myself conversing mostly with her poontang and those very inviting, dark and mysterious, puffy meat curtains. Like a lot of African rainforests, the jungle had been completely cleared.

Stripped and showered, I slid onto the bed beside her, unleashed her baboombas and latched my mouth onto the nearest nipple while my hand similtaneously worked its way down south and gently massaged her love button. She lightly gasped and moaned, and in an urgent, breathless voice explained that she was very sensitive 'down there'. Taking the hint, I moved to taste the taco. Using my fingers to part her labia, I gently, and then more vigorously teased her cherry with my tongue. I didn't let up and, sometime later, she kinda jack-knifed her whole body and let out a load moan. Sounded authentic but I believe the jury is still out.

I kissed and licked my way back up beside her and she reached for my snake, stroking and manipulating it into quite a respectable swellington. She applied a condom and performed a blow johnson, sucking deep and strong. We moved to the edge of the bed and, with her legs resting up on my shoulders, I try to enter her pambua. But at this point, things become very embarrassing. As the BJ finished and I moved into position, I already felt my cock relaxing, so much so that, by the time I was working my way in, I was already quite flaccid. Don't know whether it was my state of mind, the booze or the condom, which actually felt rather tight on this occasion.

She was actually very supportive. We replaced the condom (but unfortunately with one of the same) and, as she starts another BJ, in an effort to kick start my cock, I told her she could suck even harder. And fuck me, did she ramp it up! Let me say the suction was way better than what I can get on my Hoover Action Power Head Bagless vacuum cleaner, even on full power!

I enter her a second time, in doggie position now and the site of her arse arched upwards in front of me on the bed was quite a sight. But sadly I deflate again. I was beginning to seriously regret those vodkas I'd gulped down earlier although I certainly didn't feel pissed. We try again, but this time she uses another brand of condom which felt much more comfortable (things were pretty much at fever pitch during the session so I never actually found out exactly what brands we were testing). Now we were cooking. She positions herself in doggie again and I slip it in, thrusting quicker and quicker and deeper and deeper as she yells loudly to fuck her harder. Didn't take me long to pump a load of splak into the latex.

Relaxing after doing 'the thang', we had a fun (and informative) chat about a range of topics. Maya is an upfront, confident and well-spoken girl, smart, well-educated ... and multi-lingual.
I'd definitely like to see her again sometime, pay another visit to Maputo, when I've sobered up. But next time I think I'll BYO my own pack of frangers. 

"That old black magic has me in its spell,
That old black magic that you weave so well.
Those icy fingers up and down my spine,
The same old tingle that I feel inside.
Down, down, down I go, round and round I go ..."

P.S.
On a more serious note ,  I was walking down Glenferrie Road Hawthorn yesterday after seeing a client. Noticed a sign in a hairdresser's window advertising "Morning Blows". You beauty, I'd be up for that! Has anyone tried it?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th May 2019, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Do you think BBBJ is on the cards?  Was the $350 rate due to incall?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th May 2019, 01:18 PM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mikemelb


Do you think BBBJ is on the cards?  Was the $350 rate due to incall
"""



Honestly I'm not sure about BBBJ - you'd have to try your luck. $350-/hr seems to be her standard rate.


