Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th June 2017, 12:15 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Mayoko/Hinata - Albert St, East Melbourne - 0435 502 318 / 0451 107 326
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : mid July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????MASSIVE 35FF Japanese Girl Anal Cim???? 10000% Real Video and Real Photo??0435502318 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Probably best after 11am

Rates : $150/0.5h plus $30 for BBBJ and CIM

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : Medium height, fantastic large natural tits, reasonably attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : FK, BBBJ, DATY, FS, BBBJ and CIM to finish

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Had just tried another BP ad and walked when not the girl in the photos. Will post that separately. Good comm's to schedule time and services incl and extras. Also went for a bit of cos play for something different. Nice apartment. Down from Sydney as prices are too low in Sydney! Photos are absolutely real and recent and M answered the door wearing the white two piece in the photos. Easy chit chat. In to the shower, came in with some mouthwash and soaped me up a bit. M started sitting on bed and me standing. Bit of a cat bath then BBBJ and FK which was a nice change. Moved to DATY with a very nice smooth shaven pussy. Bit more FK and DATY and BBBJ, lost track a bit but was fun. Then on with the dom for some doggy which was excellent. Very tight. Changed to mish with a bit of FK along the way. Off with the dom and into the final BBBJ and CIM working it until the end with one of the best orgasms for a while. M went to spit out, quick shower and on the way. Fun outing and might go back if she's around for a few days.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th June 2017, 02:28 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for a top review of a top booking.

I am surprised at her age. She sure has a cracking body for a mid 30s age bracket.

No wonder she advertises as a 20 year old, & also advertises a schoolgirl fantasy experience.

It's times like these that I crave a bottomless pit of money.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th June 2017, 06:22 AM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You can tell she's from Sydney, bbbj and cim is a give away


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd June 2017, 01:08 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : backpage and via phone 0435 502 318

Hours of Business : Starts at 10:30, unsure of ending time.

Rates : $150/30

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Long hair, great tits, a real bubble butt

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claimed Japanese

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, although my experience was not as good as like's.

My experience/comments : 

Encouraged by like's review above, I made an appointment with Mayoko. She couldn't fit my original time, so we made a second time, and then I got a text saying she could accommodate my original time. To skip ahead a bit, she had a cancellation, but then I couldn't get there bang on my original time, so I was squeezed out by the following appointment. Made her very focused on time, which spoilt the mood a bit.

It's refreshing to get a genuine BP ad, and it's certainly her in the photos. Fully shaven snatch with a weird tuft of hair above her clit (made me think of Tintin), an awesome arse and great set of tits. Paid my money, into the shower, she came in to make sure I was properly washed down and we were away. Upsell to extras was discussed as we walked to the bedroom, $50 for CIM, or $50 for anal. I was pretty much skint, so went for straight service. DATY was mighty fine, and her BBBJ skills are superb. One of the best I've ever had. A bit of 69 and then on with the dom and into cowgirl -- ahh, the pleasures of having an attractive busty woman bounding up and down on top of you. Then mish, and then doggy. This was when the problems began -- she was really worried I was going to stealth her. She was majorly concerned about that, no matter how many times I said, don't worry. Then the buzzers started going off and next person was due in a couple of minutes, so a hurried HJ and it was all over, I was bundled out the door (post dressing!)

Interestingly I got a different story from her to like: she's based in Melbourne, sometimes in Flinders St, sometimes in East Melbourne.

Her ads are genuine, she's got a great bod, is attractive, and is offering services for the going rate. The whole bit about her being worried about me stealthing her and the timing fuckups lead me to give her a 7/10. Including shower, I was in and out of the apartment in 23 minutes. Suspect that she would not normally short change on time, but who knows.

Dean.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th June 2017, 08:40 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko

Establishment : Short stay apartment

Date of Visit : late June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above/below

Hours of Business : usually after 11am

Rates : $150/0.5h (BBBJ and CIM gratis)

Age : I know I said mid 30's below, but I really have no idea, could be late 20's, body is in pretty good shape

Size/shape : curvy, busty, smooth smooth skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : I think she says Japanese

Services Provided : FK, BBBJ, DATY, FS, BBBJ CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes, but second visit so dim ret's

My experience/comments : Was that time of the week when time becomes available. Texted 5 different ad's from BP. No replies from 3, the other two were probably fake so as time started to run out found if Mayoko was still around and yes, arranged for 15 minutes later. Same apartment, except income is not working so you have to tail gate someone in and they she releases the lift to that level. M is moving from this location to Flinders St at the end of the month and then back again in August. I guess you would get a bit tired of fish and chips or pizza as not much else really close, with a bit of a walk or tram there is heaps. (Dean, this might explain the where are you from, where are you going.) I don't think M's English is that great, enough for most of what we are communicating, pussy, mouth, kiss, etc. Same as last time except went for lingerie on (what is lingerie asked M). Bit of cock slide on pussy with panties was fun, and Dean had given me the idea of watching those great puppies bouncing in CG, started with bra on and then released them. All fun stuff. During CG M asked if I wanted to CIM no extra cost, yes please. So gave the nod at the time and M peeled off the dom and milked be to shuddering over sensitivity. The earlier BBBJ was great suction with mouth only, and the end CIM had a bit too much hand action, but, hey, it was better than most. Those big natural tits are a rare find and most enjoyable.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th July 2017, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Cl-clean and like,  did you by any chance observe if her place is tidy, neat and in order?  I know, strange question, but Korean, Japanese lady, they are all typically "clean and tidy" freaks.  Which I love to try if it is.  Thank's mate.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th July 2017, 05:35 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw her at East Melb. Both times early in the day. Suitcase and a bit of stuff in lounge room. Bedroom and bathroom were clean and organised. No unpleasant smells. She was also happy to have plenty of daylight in the bedroom. I think she's in city, Flinders St at the moment.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 2nd August 2017, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko

Establishment : Appartment

Date of Visit : Aug 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above/below

Hours of Business : probably after 11am

Rates : $250/1h (BBBJ and CIM gratis)

Age : late 30s would be my guess.

Size/shape : curvy, busty, smooth skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : unsure. Viet based on her accent.

Services Provided : french kiss - involving tongues">FK, BBBJ, DATY, FS, BBBJ CIM

Value for money/recommend? : No / maybe for 30min punt

My experience/comments :
Thought I post this because I owe it to all you guys for the fantastic stories that has kept me entertained for many years 

First time I tried a back page post yesterday. Made an appointment early in the day for a late arvo meet up. Extremely fast response which is pretty much all templated.

Later that afternoon...

Got to the Appartment located on Flinders and waited. Sent a few text and started to walk back to the car after 15mins of no response. Got a few response as I was about to hop in to the car and I decided to go back.  So pretty much started 30mins late than originally planned .

Finally made it to her door with and she opened to what was a very dim lit Appartment. She was hidden until you are all the way in and door closed. Bam you are trap! He he... Well first impression was she is a lot older than I expected. Fair bit  of makeup on face. I almost wish I had turned around. But her body was amazing, so I thought why not. Paid my hour fee and hop into the shower. She comes in shortly to was your armpits and cock to make sure it's all clean. She is very health conscious. 
Then she disappeared to let you rinse off. Also hands you a cup of listerine to rinse your mouthh. Not very sensual to be honest more clinical as she stayed outside the cubical the whole time but she was naked at least. 

Walked into the bed room and noticed a foul stench. Not strong but it was similar to some one who owns a cat. Get used to it after a while but just noticeable coming from shower and smelling soap.  She was sitting on bed naked and asks if I wanted com BBBJ for 50..I wasn't thinking and agreed. She goes into the routine of French kiss and cat bath. She did sprayed my armpits with lynx.. O_o and then asked me to go to bathroom as she was about to go into blowjob. Hands me a cup of listerine and I was wtf ? Wants me to pour it on my cock?!! I obliged and it was an absolute mood killer. She asked does it burn? I am thinking =@#$% yes it does. 

Afterwards she went into BBBJ and then cowgirl but she lied on top. Not long after she asked for mish. I think she is pretty tired from previous booking. I was losing the mood a bit and she also started to ask why no cum yet (in a friendly tone)There was a sense of urgency at that point as well which made me think time may be up soon. She pour heaps of lube on my cock to try and get me to cum. Afterwards I had to go and wash it off as it wasn't just working. Walk back in waited a few mins as she replied some SMS... Then she went into a hand job and chatted a bit.  She eventually picked up the phone, apologies and said you go shower now. I thought that felt quick. As I walked out I checked and noticed that it had only been 40mins all up including shower. (

Hope I didn't sound too negative. She is a nice girl/lady with fantastic body. Face is average but won't notice it when banging the dark. Seems very guarded about her breast as well and not a lot of opportunity to touch. I really did not click with her at all and she had a very business / rush type of service. If you want a quick and dirty punt it's not too bad. But I seriously advise against long booking with her. Maybe better if you book earlier in the day for a more active time


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th September 2017, 11:08 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : early Sep 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????MASSIVE 35FF Japanese Girl ANAL CIM????10000% REAL VIDEO and REAL PHOTO??0435502318 - Australia escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : after about 10am

Rates : $150 for FS incl BBBJ with CIM, extra $50 for anal

Age : late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : curvy, big tits, smooth body and pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : not sure, Asian

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, DATY, 69, FS, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Mayoko was back in East Melb for a few days and easy parking so thought I would book for a the third visit as you know what you are getting and it is pretty good value. Easy texts to arrange time. Ready now, ok. Starts off with shower and M brings in some mouth wash and gives your cock a bit of a soapy wash. Into bedroom, M sitting on the bed and giving a really nice and slow BBBJ while standing. Laid M down on back and had a good time with some DATY off the side of the bed. Moved into mish then doggy. Remembered that anal was available and asked. M said extra $100, no too much. M then said $50, ok. Pay later. M put a bit of lube on hand and my cock and guided me into her arse. Nice and tight. Started slow and worked up to balls deep. All that was in doggy position. Went back to mish but anal off the side of the bed with legs in air playing with her pussy with my thumb. Wanted to finish off with CIM so pulled out, M peeled off the dom' carefully and wanted me to sit on bed so you could kneel and give BBBJ. It seemed that the position was important for capturing CIM. M really works the final BJ and keeps going after blowing. All up another very good session.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: MattG995
Post Title: 
 Mayoko - Private - Flinders street in Melbourne - 0435502318
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 28/09

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435502318,  ????MASSIVE 35FF Japanese Girl ANAL CIM????10000% REAL VIDEO and REAL PHOTO??0435502318 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au incall at her apartment, this time on Flinders street in Melbourne, $150 for 30 minutes.

Hours of Business : all day

Rates : $250/hr; ($150 for 30 minutes session)

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : full gfe, anal, dfk, bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : I called Mayoko the day I wanted to see her, she was nice, but very direct and blunt, she needed an hours notice which i was fine with.

When i went up to her room and saw her, I was surprised in both a good and bad way, good being that her photos were all real and she had an incredible body, but bad because one, she was definitely not 20 like her ad said, but in her mid 30's, and two, because her face was a 5/10 at best.

Nevertheless we exchanged money (I booked 30 minutes) and guided me to a shower. After I cleaned up, she immediately laid me down and got to work with the classic Asian escort kissing and licking all down my body, then started giving some spanish (always a favourite of mine). after a couple of minutes of that she put on a condom and got to work giving me some head. It was good don't get me wrong, but there was a noticeable lack of effort/care. 

After the head she flipped over and got me on top of her with her legs up over my shoulders and we went to work, she made a comment to go slow at first due to my size (she was small, and i've been told i have a decent girth/length, (not to blow smoke up my ass)), we eased into it and she seemed to be loving it (or at least she was pretending to haha).

We went through a bunch of positions, she kept offering anal, but I didn't have the cash on me, if i had a chance to go back to her though I would, as her ass was magnificent. 

I started to notice time winding down, so I got up over the end of the bed and had her on her back and pounded her away, with her getting louder and louder as i anticipated my finish. I pulled out, pulled the condom off and blew all over her beautiful tits, to which she loved, which I was surprised by her rubbing it in.

She cleaned herself and me up while having some light hearted conversation, and then I was on my way.

WIR: hell yeah i would, I'm keen as on seeing her again, but from the look of it she's gone as her number wont ring through, and her ad hasn't been posted for a week now


Floor: #11
Post Time: 23rd October 2017, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Mayoko

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435502318 - William St CBD - ????MASSIVE 35FF Japanese Girl ANAL CIM????10000% REAL VIDEO and REAL PHOTO??0435502318 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au 

Hours of Business : Morning - Late

Rates : $150 30 mins

Age : 35 ish

Size/shape : short / 8 / Busty D's 

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Asian

Services Provided : FS + CIM

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

I've seen Mayoko a couple of times now and the above reminded me I hadn't reviewed.
I guess the fact I returned says alot.  In these days of dud,fake backpagers, Mayoko stands out from the crowd.
Not saying her photos are all 100% of her, they probably aren't but the resemblance is close enough as not to matter.
First time I met was in Finders St, this time was William so she moves around between stints based on the best deal available that week.
Keeps a pretty neat and tidy place at least the times I've been there, however, both were early arvo so not sure how messy it gets after you lot have been through til midnight :-)
We seemed to click fairly well and she's a passionate kisser which is what I like.
Seemed a bit cold & robot like early in the first session, but warmed into it later and even more on second visit.  Not that it ever reached any out of this world level for me, but she works hard to please.
As per Matt's review was keen for the up sell which I did on first visit with CIM, but on the second visit CIM was offered for free, so she's not all about the $$$ once she grows confident with you and knows you'll treat her well. 
She probably offered anal too, can't remember but it's posted all over her ads just not my thing.
Lots of DATY, lots of pounding in multiple positions, her tits were sensitive though but maybe that was my eagerness, they are HUGE and MAGNIFICENT :-)
Finished CIM as mentioned on first visit and COB for the second.  Was a little deflated by the fact some cum missed with the COB (not sure how given size of target) and hit the sheets which she freaked about spoiling the moment somewhat.  Not my problem she was cum worthy beneath me and I let rip :-)  
WIR, probably.  Didn't think I would after the second visit but thinking back now may very well given some other dud experiences recently.
Anyway, Matt she's back so in case you missed her Ads here's a reminder she in town again.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 24th December 2017, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Mayoko - Melb CBD - 0451 107 326
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko 

Establishment : Prv Appartment

Date of Visit : Late Dec

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????????? MIUMIU??BABY Ballerina ???TEENtiny??body????REAL vid ??and pic?? ??MS. MIUMI - Melbourne escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250 p/h

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : BBBJ / FS

Value for money/recommend? :  Not really but YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So after my average punt with Kelly* I decided to catch on the miumiu train that I couldn't be bother walking last time around. Sent a message and got a pretty quick reply.
First thing I noticed was the language and tone of SMS was totally different which got me a bit suspicious. Then when the address came through it was a different place to what I had previously. 
This should be a bit of a warning bell, but I was just somewhat keen to see this lady that I decided to push forward. 

Finally got to the destination and what I turns out to be but Mayoko from my very first BP punt ever. 
In a way, it was a poetic end to my year to end up back where it all started. 

Mayoko did not recognised me at all, I guess I didn't expect her to. Nevertheless I was very disappointed I coped a BAIT and SWITCH despite the photo+phone ads has been pretty reliable in the past. Some probing questions and she started asking why. I pretty much said that you seem different to the girl and she said that the other girl is still there but is having her period. I let it slide. 
So I don't know if it is a fake ad or Mayoko is telling the truth. I suspect later because the way the SMS read I could tell it was a different person. Kicking myself for not strolling further a few days back. 

I decided to give Mayoko another go anyways, since her body was still hot and she can converse very well. To be honest the routine hasn't changed much, but this time around it was Listorine to mouth and cock straight up in the shower.  The action was slightly better this time around because I got in an extra position before she gave up. However, throughout the whole session I still remember how average it was last time and due to the bright lit room I could see her face clearer this time  I don't know what is it but I just don't find her to be attractive at all despite I have been with worse. So there were times where I struggle to keep arouse despite tyring out all my trikcs of closing my eyes etc.

A few change of position and the usual handjob routine came into play. 
Then i recall one of the worst thing about Mayoko. Her handjob is really substandard and it just don't feel good at all. She also pours in a bucket load of lube. 
In the end, I was about to cross the line myself and she gave me tissue for some self service wipe which was another minus. Then she ask me to jump into the shower.

Time check shower to shower was 35mins. Door to door was about 45mins. So only slightly better than previous session by 5min. 

In summary, she is an okay looking girl with a great body. But she just doesn't do it for me in the looks department. 
The service was rather average and I really dislike her short changing me on time. She does provide kissing with a little tongue. And this time she did not charge me extra for BBBJ. 

PS: Yea I don't know if this should be attached to the existing Mayoko thread.

*https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f67/k...9-529-a-52751/  (review of kelly here)


Floor: #13
Post Time: 26th December 2017, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I might have started this thread. Mayoko was ok in the beginning. Think I've seen her three times. Anal, BBBJ and CIM were nice. Some of the WLs run fake ads as well to get more business. Seems like better to avoid now.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 1st January 2018, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435502318

Hours of Business : all day

Rates : $150 for 30 minutes session

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : slim/average

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : fs, bbbj, cim

Value for money/recommend? : not for the first visit

My experience/comments : 

Flipping through backpage and her add came up. Since I knew what I was going to get thanks to the reviews I thought I would book in. Good instructions on how to get to the apartment (she was staying in Williams St this time) and given the room number when I got to the lobby. Knocked on the door and she opened it up while keeping herself hidden behind. Did see her until she shut it behind me.

Her face is very normal and I would even put her on the upper scale of the 30's age wise. Her body is still in good nick though so all good. She's very friendly with hugs and smiles to welcome me in. Showed me to the shower while she went and made her next bookings. Came in and gave me mouthwash, must have had coffee breath. 

Head out and find her in the bedroom. She stands up and starts a dfk with lots of tongue which isn't really my thing but go along for a bit while I play with her tits and body. She asks if I want CIM for extra $50, I say its a bit much and she says $30 for me which I agree. I ask about her anal offer and she says $100 extra - do bargaining there. That was too high so I skipped it.  

She lays me down and starts her bbbj which is fantastic. A bit of pornstar deepthroat and spitting with lots of suction and no teeth. She kept going for around 10 minutes before I tap her to start some action since I was about to cum. She pops on the dom and starts riding me cowgirl. This is a great sight with her tits bouncing away. Kept in this position for a while before she got a bit tired and went doggy. Couldn't last too much longer in this position so let her know to switch around for a bj again. Whippped off the dom and sucked me until I came. She went off to the bathroom to spit out.

When she got back she offered me a massage which I accepted. Massage was crap but it was nice of her not to rush me out when I was done. 5 minutes later I showered and headed off.

Hug before I left and she let me know that nice time CIM was free and anal was $70.  So even though this time it was an expensive trip which I wouldn't return for, her offer for freebies next time might tempt me back.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 7th May 2019, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: 8166051
Post Title: 
 Resumit Mayoko - Melbourne CBD - 0435502318
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayoko

Establishment : Apartment

Date of Visit : 20/04/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...-FOR-FREE.html

Phone :0435502318

Hours of Business : 10 - 10

Rates : 150/30min

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : petite with big boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Jap

Services Provided : bbbj, full service, dfk, daty, anal

Value for money/recommend? : not recommended

My experience/comments : Saw her ad on locanto says anal is on the table so wanna have a try. She was asking $100 for anal and I did not have enough for session with anal so she cut a deal $200 for 20 mins. arriving her apartment, she asked for 5 min to prepare, went up with her instruction and she opened door while hid behind it.

Asked to take a shower, she came in with a cup of mouth wash. Once I finish washing she is already waiting naked in the bedroom, her boobs is huge compare to her body size, she kneel down for a bbbj and I'd say my handjob feels better than that. ask her to lie down for anal and it's really tight and its probably not ready, she said to try pussy first then did some doggy while watching myself fking her in the mirror. Hammered her pussy for a minute or two, give another shot with her arsehole, gotta say that mind stimulation is stronger than it on penis. her pussy is probably tighter than her ass. pumping for a few more minutes and let off. rushed to the shower and left.


no handshake no kiss goodbye no hug, understandable but bit disappointed to be fair.


in and out including shower and waiting for elevator within 20mins....


ticked my anal thingy so...meh


wir...i don't know, unless I wanna try anal again.


Floor: #16
Post Time: 8th November 2019, 10:10 PM
Poster ID: tomboy44
Post Title: 
 Hinata - CBD - 0435 502 318
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hinata

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0435 502 318

Hours of Business : 10am till late 

Rates : $150 for 30 mins and $250 per Hr

Age : 23

Size/shape : size 6, Curvy, Very Large Breasts (Huge!!)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Full Service / GFE 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, Good value for money!

My experience/comments : Was in the mood for Asian today so I gave Hinata a call to arrange a half hour session to which she was very accommodating and booked me in without much delay. I was already in the city due to work so just had to travel 10 minutes to visit her apartment, it was one of those serviced apartments at the heart of the city.

Hinata had a very cute face and the smoothest skin ever! She greeted me with a big smile, a hug and a very tight school girl outfit (which I had requested for in advance). She kept calling me "Baby" and "Hun" which really turned me on, especially with her cute fairy voice. She looked so innocent but it didn't take too long for her to show her inner vixen as she immediately grabbed my cock, got on her knees and started blowing me hard. I would usually like to take my time during BJ's as i enjoy the sensations of a good blow, but we only had 30mins and I was a little on edge to begin with so I didnt bother taking my time and just went full throttle from the get go. I started pressing my cock inside her mouth deeper and got her to deepthroat me for a few minutes until she began gagging.

We quickly swapped positions so I could lick her wet pussy and it was delicous. I love me some asian pussy!! She started moaning loudly, which was clearly fake (what a bummer  Kind of ruined my mood a little bit as she was trying too hard). Aside from that the rest of the session was decent. With 15 minutes left i put the condom on and started fucking her doggy style. She has some nice curves so I just grabbed them tightly and rode her hard until I came to an abrupt finish. She cleaned me up with her tongue as she licked every drop off my cock. 

I was spent and time was up. Hinata had a great warm personality and I would probably return in a few months time to see her again. Hopefully next time I can have nmore time to try anal, which she said was on offer.


