Thread Title: Mew - Collins St, Melbourne CBD - 0414057166
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th September 2017, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Mew - Collins St, Melbourne CBD - 0414057166
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mew

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : mid Sep 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??????MEW new to job ????BABY GIRL.LEGAL??????doll face REAL pics VIDEO????18yr BABY??? - Australia escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $150 for CBJ, FS, extra $50 for DATY

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : slender, fit and toned, great body

Nationality or Ethnicity : not sure, maybe Korean

Services Provided : cat bath, DATY, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : premium for being attractive with great body a bit too steep / ok

My experience/comments : Backpage ad's that have photos and videos with name and phone number on them are fairly reliable so far. Mew's ad's seem similar to Pocky and Angel so might be same group. Easy text's to arrange time and good directions to access. Location is one of the new very very tall apartment buildings near the tram stop on Collins St near Spencer St. I think the apartment was level 62 or something very high and the lift is very slow. Nice one bedroom apartment with fantastic views over docklands. Photos are accurate or Mew might even be better looking and has a better body than appears in the photos. Not a lot of English but enough. Shower. M was dressed in a dress up nurse sort of outfit with sexy black lingerie under. She slowed peeled of the items while we kneeled on the bed then laid down. Very nice body and fantastic tits. Nipples responded nicely. Asked about DATY. No. Extra. $50. Hmmm. Brain had shut down by this point. Ok. Pay now. Yes. There was a lot of squirming around being super sensitive with the DATY but we worked through that while playing with those great tits. Lot of moaning and carrying on, probably fake but we kid ourselves that its not. At one point legs clamped around my head and back arched up. Maybe an orgasm. I laid on my back and M put the dom on for a CBJ. Ok but moved on. M mounted up in CG and had great move squatting on her feet with hands on bed leaning back and going for it. Great view and sensation. Slowed down and moved into V to enjoy the tits again. Then a bit of doggy and finished with mish. Was a fairly long session by my standards. M gave me a peck on the cheek and out the door. All up a good active session but a bit expensive at $200 all up.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th September 2017, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
These 150$ for 30 min girls,there mainly Korean gals, it's the same price as the 2 brothels in Tope street South Melbourne 39 and 43, who also house mainly korean gals.  There could be something in this, maybe the 2 brothels are being pushed beyond there extremities, and these girls are overflowing into private units in the nearby area.


