Thread Title: Mia,Bianca Amore - Sth Yarra - 0459 204 802
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th April 2016, 10:52 AM
Poster ID: signaut
Post Title: 
 Mia,Bianca Amore - Sth Yarra - 0459 204 802
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia-Bianca Amore 

Establishment : South Yarra

Date of Visit : Sometime in March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : LAST NIGHT - discreet INCALL South Yarra - Gorgeous Aussie Escort Mia More - Tue/Wed Only - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 250 for 30 mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : slim, fit, nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ/B2B Massage/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

My experience/comments : 

Gents, 

I saw this girl last month in South Yarra when she was offering massage with FS. I went with the 250 for 30 mins with her and I kinda am glad I did.

She is quite tall so for those of you that are shorted than the average male height then this might be a bit of a turn off. She is nice and has a calm demeanour about her when you talk.

I had a shower and laid down on the bed that she prepared and we talked about general discussion topics that anyone would when they first meet.

She provided a B2B massage with this oil that smelt like chocolate but it was a bit off putting as it was quite strong. There wasn't really much of a massage but the B2B was quite nice and I really wanted to flip but she told me I had to wait... Ugh, okay.

Anyway, she turns me over and starts rubbing her tits over me and starts giving me a bit of a tit fuck which was good then she grabbed for a dom and proceeded to give me a CBJ (meh). She did this for a couple of minutes until I asked if I could DATY but then she says she doesn't do that! Ugh, okay.

A few seconds pass and she decides to hop on top of me and starts riding. She felt good and I loved sucking on her tits while she was riding on me but then I wanted to mix it up and got her to lie on her back as I fucked her missionary then dragged her to the side of the bed so I could stand and fuck her with her legs in the air.

She was fake moaning a bit and it all seemed a bit put on and no matter how hard or fast I pumped it didn't seem like I was going to blow. She somehow knew this and decided to clench her pussy muscles a bit tighter so I could feel it a bit more and I was able to finally get over.

In the end, I went to have a shower to get rid of this goddamn stench of shit chocolate oil and had a nice chat with her during the process.

I asked her if she was staying in South Yarra any time soon but she says she is visiting from Sydney and comes down to Melbourne every once in a while as a scenery change.

Overall, wouldn't really recommend. Better punts out there.


