Thread Title: Michelle - Essendon - 0432 058 161
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th August 2011, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: Womagz78
Post Title: 
 Michelle - Essendon - 0432 058 161
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle (tmcmichelle)

Establishment : n/a on my enquiry

Date of Visit : last week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
Female Escort tmcmichelle - Michelle

Hours of Business :  Check her webpage as it varies

Rates : 250 per hour

Age : 40's

Size/shape : petite pocket rocket

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS and everything in between (contact her to find out)

Value for money/recommend? : Hell yes

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

I found this ad on a site while I was doing some research lol

Liked the look of the photos, she seemed to have a look in her eye that I wanted to investigate further.

I registered on her site to get the phone number etc (and I'll email her a link to this to ask if it's ok to post her contact details in this site (she can make the decision)

So anyway - I called her up and she sounded nice on the phone and we made a date. Just as I was jumping out of the shower she text me to confirm so nice to know.

When we met she was exactly as I imagined her but better as she was a short woman with a great something about her if you see her you will know, we get down- or I should say she gets down and starts the game we are here for - at that point I tell her we are going to get along just fine! As I was very happy ( she couldn't really answer as I think she was brought up to not talk with mouth full haha just the way I like it)

Now I would have quite easily just let her do her thing as I was having a great time to which she stopped said not likely I'm here to have some fun too (great I thought) and then started to fuck me with great gusto ( she put me through my paces for sure the phrase harder faster springs to mind we banged each other pretty hard, I knew about it still after a few days haha brilliant.

Michelle is someone I will visit again for sure, I have made a booking again for this week - I clicked, think she is a top woman - treat her nice fellas and only good things will come lol


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2011, 10:04 AM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Contact details?

The link you give needs one to sign up, so is not much use to the members on AuXXXReviews.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th August 2011, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: Womagz78
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah sorry about the delay ...

tmcmichelle@gmail.com
0432 058 161


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd November 2011, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: SmileyFive
Post Title: 
 Michelle - Melbourne - 0432 058 161
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Michelle

Date of Visit : 10/10/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : MichelleTMC on Sexy Ads

Hours of Business :  Mostly Evenings, some days

Rates : $150/Hr

Age : 40-41

Size/shape : Petite, maybe B-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, Bareback at discretion

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Had never fisted one before ... she said, sure ...  err ... you want me to show you how I fist myself ? Lesson finished, I had a go. Fucking amazing.

Entree over, then we got down to regular business.

spent 1 hr with her for $250 at an apartment in Essendon, Victoria - but that was itinerant / temporary for her

Sexy escort Ads is very explicit about what she offers, and I believe it all - and perhaps more.

She is a single mum - ex of The Main Course.

She loves sex - only 'oddity' DON'T TOUCH HER HAIR - it is an obvious wig - but she's entitled to her fantasy disguise too.

she is as blind as a badger, but looses the glass in the throws of passion.

Incredibly agile, loves sex and will cowgirl such that you leave feeling as though you have been totally shagged. Of course, come as many times as you think you can - but she really milks it out of you so you'd be champion to come more than twice in an hour.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th November 2011, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle 

Establishment : private outcall

Date of Visit : November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business :  unsure 

Rates : 400 for 2 hours

Age : 40's

Size/shape : petite lil nymph - not a looker but a doer

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : CBJ , FS, DFK , rimming - no anal

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

So I booked Michelle easily which was the best thing. I called and she was ready. Within 30 minutes she was with me .... nice girl good DFK .. She licked my nuts and date while she jerked me off ... Her pussy was really wet and elastic and whilst I didn't try fisting her I could see this could be achieved. 

Michelle genuinely loves sex. She is a nymphomaniac in the true definition of the word. Prior to working she used Internet dating sites and would have a train of up to 6 men visit her daily to satisfy her insatiable desire for cock ... 

Prior reviews have indicated she does bareback at discretion and anal ... Neither of these services are available.. She told me she put the breaks on everything after a rectal swab came back positive to gonorrhea in a routine exam... This wake up call has changed this single mother / milfs attitude completely ... No more anal and no more natural anything . 

Anyway, the shagging was sensational she loves a good fuck and really enjoys strangling your old fella with her vagina on top with a multi-orgasmic riding performance that has you holding onto her for dear life on the nail biting journey to intense orgasm. She certainly knows how to milk the snake with that pussy!! 

In round two I did her missionary and doggy - asked if I could cum on her ass and it was declined "in the condom please". No matter....

Enjoy her! She is fun!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th November 2011, 08:09 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mmmmm....gonorrhea.....aaaahhhhhhh


