Thread Title: Miki - Sunbury - 0438 849 157
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th June 2018, 09:23 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Miki - Sunbury - 0438 849 157
				
Post Content: 
https://sunbury.locanto.com.au/ID_25...-by-Asian.html

Person's Name : Miki

Establishment : PWL Sunbury

Date of Visit : May 2018

ContactDetails/Address/Weblink : Locanto 0438849157

Hours of Business : 9.00 till 9.00

Rates : $80 - 30 minute Nude Massage,  $120 FS (Wol special $100 FS)

Age : 28

Size/shape : Medium Build, A+ Breasts, Furry Puss

Nationality or Ethnicity: Hong Kong

Services Provided : Massage and FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes
️
Had to drop a mate at the airport as he was heading home to the old dart for a holiday. Made some enquires and found a likely plaything, in Sunbury. Made the appropriate calls and an appointment for the specific day. As I was out of my eastern suburbs comfort zone, I did not want to be fucked around.

Arrived at the airport, said goodbye to the mate and made the call. All ok. I had previously asked for her to wear the black body suit as per the advert. I reminded her of that but she said she had something else which would be just as good. I was given the address and headed further north west to the 'Home of the Ashes'. Found the address which was a timber house in the heart of town.

Knocked on the door which was opened by a mid 20's woman. Because it was cold she took me straight to the bedroom where there was a radiator, which had been turned on prior to my arrival. I looked at the woman and she was of medium build. Dressed in a nightie which highlighted the red bra and knickers underneath. 

Introductions out of the way, Miki offered FS for $120. I replied that the advert said nude massage and HE was $80 and I only had $100. She said I give you a special for $100. I said that I wanted the 30 minutes and she agreed. She took the coin, I stripped and sat on the end of the bed and she returned. I pulled her to me and asked why she did not wear the body suit. She said it was her friends underwear and she only wore it for the photo. A new version of bait and switch....underwear !!!

I slowly remove her clothing to reveal a pretty girl, medium build, A cup breasts, and a furry puss. She did have a smallish lump on her lip. I asked if she had a cold sore but she replied it was a birthmark. Opps. But it wasn't herpes. I asked for a massage and she complied with a competent body rub, finishing off with her rubbing her breasts on my back and buttocks. 

On the flip I asked if I could massage her and she agreed. Normal procedure resulting in DATY, which had her going off. She held my head into her puss as she raised her body of the bed. Whompa...

My turn. On with the Dom and on she gets cowgirl. I played with her breasts and then held her by the hips to pull her down even further onto me. Bucking and kicking, I am done. However, I did last more that the 8 seconds Rodeo Ride !!!

Miki climbs off and removes the Dom. She goes out of the room, I hear the toilet flush and then the shower. I clean up with tissues from the box on the bed side table.

Miki comes back wrapped in towel. As I dress we have a conversation. Her friend works out of this address and Miki is only there because the friend is on holidays in HongKong.

Miki told me she lives in Ringwood and travels to Sunbury by train. She likes the trip as she plays on her phone. She is only there until her friend returns, in some 2 weeks. All up 35 minutes $100. I suggest you look at Locanto Sunbury Private Massage if you want to play. Round trip 150 klm Good valued punt.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th June 2018, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review, talking about cowgirl position (also in reverse) I'm a very big fan, squatting position (also in reverse) is another favourite. Not a good thing for me as it gets me off the line pretty quick! Session is over before it even started! Very embarrassing for me.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th June 2018, 12:18 AM
Poster ID: sucxxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wonder if this is the same mikki in Wantirna joint. Anyone knows?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th June 2018, 07:32 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her Locanto ad has been taken down


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th June 2018, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by antares01


Her Locanto ad has been taken dow
"""




Try this

https://sunbury.locanto.com.au/ID_25...n-Sunbury.html

I think this is the 'friend' 

Enjoy...


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd July 2018, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: OzPete
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Both ads removed


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd July 2018, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's a new link: https://sunbury.locanto.com.au/ID_25...n-Sunbury.html
Cheers
Jas


Floor: #8
Post Time: 3rd March 2019, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: LiquidDose
Post Title: 
 Myki - Sunbury
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Myki

Establishment : Private Home

Date of Visit : 31/01

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...-Asian-28.html

Phone : 0438-849-157

Hours of Business : 9am - 9pm

Rates :  120/30 min,  200/ 60mins F/S

Age : Late 40's

Size/shape : Petite/Short/Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full Service/ Massage with Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, if your in the local area. 7.5/10, would be higher if she allowed kissing 

My experience/comments : So this is my second ever punt and my first review. Had a few days free from classes, so decided to take a punt a see where it goes. I personally am into mature woman, specifically mature Asian's, so started to search for any ladies that would fit my criteria in the local area. Found Myki and arranged for a date and time, without any problems. 1 Hour F/S.

So I arrived on the day at her home and ring the doorbell, and out comes Myki wearing a white dressing gown , she gives me a friendly welcome and leads me into her room. We exchange money and she instructs me to begin undressing. Myki follows suit and reveals a petite skinny body, she was probably in her very late 40's, possibly early 50's, she had minor  stretch marks, but overall looked in great shaped. Like I said I'm into mature Asian's. She had smooth milky like skin. She was pretty small in stature, I'm about 180cm and her head was levelled around my chest. She had B sized tits and had these pointy nipples begging to be sucked. We hop onto the bed and I immediately head to those tits and give my tongue a good workout. She lets out lights moans as I continue to work her tits. After a while she slowly motions for me to lie on my back. Immediately she begins to work my cock with one hand, and fondling my balls in the other. By this point I am rock hard, and Myki puts on a raincoat on the little fella, because it's about to get wet. 

She begins blowing me, focusing on the tip of my cock with her tongue at first and then working her way deeper into my shaft. I then pull her off, and lay her down and begin to lick her pussy. As I am licking her downtown, I begin to finger her slowly. By then, I can't take it any longer and then proceed to get her to ride me cowgirl style. As she is riding me she leans close to me, which allows me to continue sucking on those perky tits. Now I must say, I am not gifted with the biggest tools downstairs, but her pussy was super tight and may be a real issue for some. We continue with cowgirl, and and I tell her to lick my body. She begins to suck on my nipples for a bit and then started to work her way up my chest, then to my neck with her tongue and then began nibbling and licking my ears, which felt great, all while I'm still pounding away.

We move onto missionary. Then to doggie on the bed and then doggie standing, I admire her pretty little arse of hers as I take her from behind. I asked her to finished me off by hand and mouth. She then put on another dom and work her magic again, working the head of my shaft with her mouth and tongue, until I finally can't hold my load any longer. 

We finished a bit early so she offered to give me a massage before I leave. Massage was nice, and left not too long after.


