Thread Title: Miko - Melbourne CBD - 0457 430 385
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th June 2014, 08:08 AM
Poster ID: Kolhammer
Post Title: 
 Miko - Melbourne CBD - 0457 430 385
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miko

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 3-06-14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0457 430 385

Hours of Business : all hours

Rates : $200 p/h

Age : mid 30s - 40

Size/shape : slim, enhanced breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian (chinese)

Services Provided : massage, bbbj, fs, light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : definitely

My experience/comments : 

I found Miko a couple of weeks ago from a review on another site. i arranged to see her for half and hour and ended up getting there early. she was prompt with the texting and she let me in straight away - we agreed on 45mins with bbbj for $140. 

my initial impression was quite good. she is of asian appearance, her face is not too great - but pleasant enough - yet she does have a great body. amazing tits and shapely ass. long black hair and looks to be in her mid 30s - but could easily be over 40 given her ethnicity. 
she told me to strip and lie on the bed - she came in a few minutes later, stripped down to a lovely red g-string, then took that off whilst i had a great view of her ass.

she then proceeded to give me a great massage - better than some professional ones. there was some small talk during this - but her accent and quiet tone made her difficult to understand - so i laughed politely when I felt it was right to do so. this is by no means negative as she makes you feel very comfortable. 

I noticed my time was almost up when she told me to flip over. she rubbed her gorgeous tits all over my body and let me suck them - word of warning - she prefers light, gentle kissing of her nipples. she then started rubbing and sucking my cock and her technique was quite good. however she does pause often to wipe her mouth with tissues. I don't mind this too much as it give a sense of hygiene. but I was not going to cum this way. 

she picked up on this quickly, so oiled up my shaft and started tugging. when I became rock hard she fingered around my ass and I blew in seconds, and blew hard. wow. nice touch there, she knows what she is doing. 

afterwards, she cleaned me up and as i departed she told me she looked forward to relieving me of my stress next time. and i am quite convinced there will be a next time.


