Thread Title: Mimi - Glen Waverley - 0476 447 662
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th September 2018, 11:06 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Mimi - Glen Waverley - 0476 447 662
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Sept 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0476447662

Hours of Business : 10.00 till late

Rates : $80 for 20 minutes (Refer to advert for other offers)

Age : Mid to late 30's 

Size/shape : Slim/Medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : Covered BJ, DATY, FS (Protected)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, VFM even for short time (still got 30 mins)

My experience/comments :

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...-burdwood.html

Saw the advert in Locanto and decided to give it a run. Rang, left my number and shortly after I get a message with details. I continued the 'text discussion' and eventually got an address in Glen Waverley. Guess what....it was the same address that Jenny (Wonderful In Waverley) used.

Me thinks, ah different girl, same address, maybe same offering. Make an appointment and get down there on the double....

Knock on the door and yep you guessed correctly......it was Jenny....no Mimi, just Jenny...I asked her what she wanted me to call her and she replied Mimi....ok. From the previous visit, I knew the drill, so hand over $80, a quick piss, and I am off to the races. 

Same type of deal as previously reported, but I tried a couple of different positions. After my dinner, (DATY) I got Mimi to give me some head, albeit covered. I then asked her to stand and I proceeded to give her some standing doggie, where I got her to bend over in an attempt to touch her toes and I am in. I pushed her legs together and her pussy became nice and tight. After a few minutes of pumping I was getting tired so I asked her for some reverse cowgirl. 

I lay on the bed and she sits facing away from me and she lowers herself down onto me. She commenced the up down motion and it was good to see her slide backwards and forwards onto my cock. A couple of minutes more of this and I had had enough and bang....cop this...

Mini then sits up and my limp dick slides out of her puss. She leans back and grabs hold of the Dom and takes it off me, throwing it into the bedside bin.

During the post coital conversation, Mimi/Jenny tells me she is not busy, that's why she is now working three phones and allias. So we have Jenny, Mimi and Happy Burwood, all the same person and she is working in a residential street in Glen Waverley near Central Reserve. 

In relation to her nationality, I asked the question and it was Singaporean, as I originally quoted. Her age, well that is subject to debate as girls always 'lower' the age bracket !!

Will I return....yes....but who will greet me....Jenny, Mimi, Jessica Rabbit or even Marge Simpson !!


