Thread Title: Mina - Richmond - 0478 159 330
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th April 2016, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: signaut
Post Title: 
 Mina - Richmond - 0478 159 330
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Richmond

Date of Visit : April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : IM 19 YRS OLD im addicted to sex I WANT COCK I'll suck, lick, tease, cim, swallow your cock TONIGHT - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com 

Hours of Business : 7pm till Late

Rates : 150 for BBBJ CIM

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ/CIM/FS

Value for money/recommend? : No..

My experience/comments : 

Gents, 

I actually saw this girl a few days before Liana because I just couldn't wait and needed a release. She's close by and was very convenient from where I was coming from so decided to text her. One thing about this girl and the other ones in this stable is that they don't work until after 7pm which is strange, maybe they have a normal life during the day?

So I paid 150 for the BBBJ CIM option which I was looking forward to. The photos seemed okay but when I rocked up I was shocked to see a BBW girl standing at the door. I should've walked but in my head I thought that bigger girls know how to suck that dick - I was wrong.

So we go upstairs and she gives me a quick check down there and asks me to shower. After all this, she leads me to a room and she says to lie down. She then goes down on me but fuck was it the most boring, shittiest blow job I've had.

She advertises on her ad that she's a kink for this kind of thing (not the one I posted but previous ads) but she doesn't even get into a rhythm or is enthusiastic about it at all.

She doesn't use her tongue, she doesn't allow gagging/deep throat as she said she had a "horrible experience" once, she doesn't allow me to fuck her face and that I have to "wait near the end before you blow". I spent most of the time either titty fucking her and her lightly sucking on it. I got there in the end and did manage to fuck her face a little bit but not really in the way that I wanted.

I came in her mouth and I told her to swallow which she did on command so I guess that was nice.

Avoid. Maybe avoid any other girls from that stable.


