Thread Title: Minnie -  Melbourne CBD - 0451 107 326
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th September 2017, 12:12 AM
Poster ID: hahaha1234
Post Title: 
 Minnie -  Melbourne CBD - 0451 107 326
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Minnie @ Melbourne CBD

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: about 2-3 weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0451107326

Hours of Business: arrange by text

Rates:$400 for 1 hour dragon service

Age: about 25

Size/shape: slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: asian

Services Provided: Full Service,dragon service

Value for money/recommend: Good to try the dragon service 

My experience/comments:
Only changed my punting game to private girls in recent month and saw it on backpage about minnie who provides dragon service so texted her to arrange a time for an hour booking.

Texted her when i got to the address and received the room number to get up to her apartment. Door opened and it was the girl on the ad which's a good sign.

Minnie was pretty and had a beautiful smile and her slim body with nice curve was shown with her tight dress.

She took me to her room which i had a feeling that either the papasan or another girl is sharing the apartment but didn't see or heard other people during my booking which is alright.

After the usual small chat and settled the finance, we were off to the shower. I entered the shower when she went and got me a fresh towel. When she was back she started to strip and entered the shower and started to wash me. It was such sexy feeling when a pretty girl was taking care every inch of your body with special care of your new little fellow. was already getting hard when i got out of the shower. 

Once off to the bed, Minnie told me to lay down with my face down. She started kiss and lick all over my body from ear to toes.

Next up was rimming. 

She asked me to kneel into doggy position, cleaned me with baby wipe, and gave me the best rimming i have ever had. Not only have a range of techniques but also involves iced water and warm water. 

Suddenly she asked me to lift my butt a bit, and guess what, she sticked her head under and started suck my cock. 

Soon she had me lay down and started giving me an amazing blowjob, again it involves iced water and warm water.

After sucking for quite while, she put the condom on with her mouth and hopped on top. She has an great body with some preky tits which i couldnt resist to foundle them while sh was ridding me. We tried a few positions and had got me finished in doggy. Minnie washed me in shower after.

It was an amazing punt and will definitely go and see her again hopfully soon.


