Thread Title: Miss Chloe - Melbourne - 0420 888 212
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th January 2011, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: boater
Post Title: 
 Miss Chloe - Melbourne - 0420 888 212
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Miss Chloe

Establishment (if applicable): none

Contact Details/Address: 0420 888 212 / mcmelbourne@hotmail.com / http://www.misschloeescort.com/

Prices: $600 1 hr, $2,500 on, $3,000 24 hours, others see website

Age: 24

Size/shape: Athletic size 6, 5' 7", B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Half Thai / Half Caucasian

Value for money/recommend?: Once in a lifetime experience

My experience/comments: 

At the PP Sydney drinks, surrounded by beautiful women, my head snapped around and my mouth dropped open. Who was that who had just walked in? 

What a smile she had!

Returning to my conversation a few minutes later I looked up again and she was gone. AndyJ filled me in that this was Miss Chloe and she was at the bar. We only managed to exchange a few sentences that evening but she left quite an impression in my mind.

Checking her rates later I could see she was way out of my price range, but her elegant face, with that extraordinary smile, that clear intelligence from the few words we had exchanged - they stuck in my mind.

She was back in Sydney Monday and I dithered. 4 visits to SWL and Kyoto and the great girls there, or a single hour with Chloe.

Bugger it I decided, if she is free I will try it. You only live once after all.

She was free and we met at 4 in her 5 star hotel for an hour.

Miss Chloe is a mix of Thai and Caucasian. 

She is tall - about 5' 7",and very slender but also athletic. Her long runner's legs are toned, and strong and elegant, her thighs are silky smooth, her landing strip nicely trimmed, her tummy hard and flat, her breasts compact but very squeezable which she asked for and adored, her nipples inverted, but as she became aroused, they would pop out, growing long and sensitive. 

The body of an athlete, with real strength under the sleek smooth skin.

A delicious, wonderfully delicious, body, but her body is not her best feature.

Framed in long, soft, flowing hair, her best feature is her face. 

Finely chiseled and with a strong Caucasian cast to it (but with a hint of something exotic) and a very heavy 'tan' she looked absolutely stunning, and for me the icing on the cake were freckles. You had to be close to see them, as they blended into the tan, but I spent a lot of time looking into her face from close range. For me those freckles complemented had chiseled beauty of her face and saved it from being an idealized carving, humanising it, making it real rather than a fantasy.

And yet that is not the best feature of her face, her best feature is her smile, she smiles with her whole face, with her eyes, with her cheeks, with her lips, with her near perfect teeth.

I was, to put it simply, mesmerized.

That first hour booking we didn't even have intercourse. I spend a very enjoyable time stroking her well toned body, soaking in the sight of her beautiful face and then dining at the Y with her gentle but firm direction. By the time I was done there we were out of time, but as she says, she doesn't wear a watch and it was unacceptable to her I leave without cumming.

She went down on me, gently , firmly, slowly, quickly, looking me in the eye and grinning round my cock like a cat that had got the cream. Watching myself being consumed by this vividly alive and beautiful young woman did it for me and a came hard in her mouth. She made sure she didn't lose a drop, pumping me gently till all the cum was extracted while looking me in the eye, she then sat back above me on the bed with this huge grin on her face and made a production of swallowing, then popped her mouth open and waved it in front of me with her tongue out to show it was all gone.

She looked very happy with herself.

I knew then just an hour was NOT enough, I quivered over the price of what I was about to suggest (as I am a $150 ph asian place guy at present) but it was a 'once in a life time' type of opportunity and I worked around to suggested that maybe we do a 24 hour. ($3,000)

She didn't have a 24 hour block free anymore, so we settle on Australia day during the day - for the same duration and price as on overnight. ($2,500)

Wednesday rolled around and we met for breakfast at her hotel. Once we were upstairs I massaged her legs with the oil I had brought along while the bath filled. Then into it for a very sensual mutual soaping, cuddle and kiss that just about consumed the full bar of soap. We must have spent a lazy hour in the bath, adding warm water as needed, talking and stroking and relaxing and I realised that I was experiencing something truly special, someone who really is a companion for a time, not just in a raw sexual way, but with all the senses, with the mind as well as the body. 

My experiences of long bookings up till now have all been with sexually powerful women - Paris, Lisa Isabella, Demi XX - here was instead a seriously sensual woman, understated rather than a sexual torrent, someone to relax with ina very sensual way. I couldn't wipe the smile from my face.

Out again and showered off the soap. Off to bed for talk and play and kisses and stroking and eventually the vibrator. Wielded by Chloe and used to stimulate her clit while my finger slid slightly into her, she kissed me and kissed me, breaking every so often pull her face back and gaze into my eyes as the vib did its work. Her breathing changed, her nipples popped out, her hole clamped down on my finger as she gave a strangled cry, and lent forward to kiss me as her body quivered gently in my arms.

After a little while she turned her attention to me, and she would blow me for a while, then we would kiss for a bit, then she would go back to what she was doing as my hands gently stroked her skin. It was very similar to Monday but I wasn't quite getting there, so she lay back with her head on the pillow, I knelt in front of her and I started to fuck her face. I was very gentle at first, making sure she was comfortable, and eventually worked up to where I was alternating short strokes with long plunging strokes, and fairly quickly I was on the edge of cumming. 

She pulled her head back , said "cum on my face as well as in my mouth", stuck her tongue out and looked into my eyes in clear invitation. A few strokes with my hand I was shooting spurt after spurt onto her tongue and into her mouth, then up over her face and her right eye, all the way to her hair. 

I admired the view of her cum covered face then bent down, kissed her and wiped the semen away from her eye.(It STINGS after all).

She grinned at me, took me gently in her mouth and made sure I was completely drained.

So I kissed her some more.

We then cuddled up, touching each other gently and talked and talked and talked - taking a break to properly wash her eye - and again I was struck by what a great companion she is, this athletic young woman, with the face to launch 1,000 ships and a real empathy for the person she is with. While we talked she gave me her feedback on the taste of my cum after drinking only Pineapple Juice for since Monday and it was very positive - the bitterness being well neutralised.

It was 3, so she dressed in short short pants, a tee shirt and sneakers (sneakers not modern running shoes) and we went down to look for food at Circular Quay. We shared a surprisingly good (but absurdly expensive) Fish and Chips and Eaton Mess at City Extra on the Quay and I took Miss Chloe for a quick tour of the harbour and the rocks through the Australia Day crowds before we headed home.

Back in the room I dived into the shower to wash the sweat off and Miss Chloe took the opportunity to check some texts and emails (It was a LONG booking, she needed a bit of space to do that) and was still at it when I got out of the shower. I got the massage oil and sat down at her feet where I could not see the screen and gave her legs and feet a throughout massage. Finished she stood up, stretched, stripped and asked if I would like to give her a full body massage. I said I would love to and gave her back a very oily medium hard massage, flipping her over I massaged her front and admired her young hard body glistening with oil and watched her nipples pop out and lengthen till they just begged to be sucked. 

While I massaged we talked about sex and what we each liked. She mentioned she liked doggy very much and gave considerable detail why it worked for her. I mentioned that Bonnie at SWL also liked doggie and that sometimes I gave her a massage while in doggie. Miss Chloe sighed and mentioned softly that sounded wonderful. I kept massaging and talking but filed that away.

After a while she got me hard with her mouth and slipped on a cover, after a few positions I flipped her over, moistened my hands with oil and had her gently doggy style while I massaged her back, she put her head on the bed, turned her face to one side with her eyes closed and a great big smile on it as she started to push back against me. She has said she liked it hard and deep so I slowly went harder and deeper till I had to abandon the massage and hold on to her hips for support as I did my best to achieve the 'hard' and the 'deep' desired. She started to give out little shrieks and once I had established it was pleasure not pain I went back to work.

Now came one of the most pleasant of my memories as she started to call out my name "Oh <Boater>" (substitute real name here) over and over again, as she pressed her head sideways on the sheet and smiled and smiled and smiled. Suddenly she opened her eyes and twisted round to kiss me as I moved inside her and I just about come on the spot, but I resisted and having resisted then found it quite hard to cum.

She blew me, I face fucked her, I jerked myself as she lay, her head hovering over my cock and her tongue pushed out and down ready for my cum. But it did not happen and we both started to think it wasn't going to. We lay down and snuggled, I looked into her face from a few inches away as I stroked myself and she gazed into my eyes. Glancing down I could see her hard oil glistening body rubbing itself on mine and soon we could tell the moment had come. She said "cum all over my face" and moved her face around in the stream as it shot out across the both of us, then when I had finished and she had sucked my dry she turned and came back up to my face, with her cum covered one just inches away and said "memorize this" and I did as I reached for a towel to wipe her eye clear (the left this time).

We were now late for dinner and so into the shower for both of us as we raced to get ready. Chloe spend several minutes plucking cum from her left eyelash as we joked about the new look in mascara. Soon we were ready and we set off too Dinner at Yoshii, a 2 hat Japanese restaurant in the rocks.

We had an exquisite dinner.

Each plate was a work of art, most were tastes that delighted and only the bitter melon went uneaten.

We spend about 3 hours over dinner, and with such a smart and personable companion it was a wonderful exclamation point to one of the most sensual days of my life.

I had a day I will remember forever

Cost: $2,500 for Australia Day + $600 for 1 hour on Monday
Value: Priceless

Flashing through my mind as I write is:
- a smile like a lightening bolt, 
- a face that is cross between a greek godess and the girl next door (the freckles), covered in cum, coming towards me and saying "memorize this", 
- a young lady bouncing with achievement as she makes a production of swallowing and then proudly displays her empty mouth to me, 
- a hard, oiled body rubbing itself down my side, 
- eyes grazing into mine from inches away with a wicked smile on her lips, 
- that beautiful face resting side on to the sheet, smiling, calling my name and pushing her hips back against mine as I took her doggy style.
- that same face, hovering, mouth wide open and tongue extended waiting for my cum.
- that same lady, half way through dinner, looking at me and saying "thank you, this is simple exquisite"

Chloe broke my budget, but she gave me something just about without price.

Your mileage, may of course, vary.

Boater
p.s. I think her $3,000 for 24 hours is an extraordinary good deal and if she had had 24 hours free I would certainly have taken advantage of it. 
$2.5K for an overnight (or my case all day) isn't bad, but essentially $500 more for double the time is simply extraordinary - yet Chloe mentioned its much less popular than overnight for $500 less. 
Fools I say.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th January 2011, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow! great review of Miss Chloe, Boater.. she sounds like a babe and the pics look fabulous.. she looks like my kind of babe too! 

She is most definitely one to add to my list.. most definitely.. which is small list by the way.. the only other is Miss Savina on it!

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd July 2012, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: Keyser Soze
Post Title: 
 Miss Chloe - 0420 888 212 - misschloeofmelbourne.com
				
Post Content: 
I had my eye on the beautiful miss Chloe  for a while but never seemed to take action and make contact. Now that I  have I can definitely say that my only regret was not doing it earlier.

I sent her an sms and a meeting was arranged for later that night. Simple and easy.

The anticipation was building and  eventually the time came. The door opens and standing in front of me is a  beautiful lady who I would best describe as cute and adorable. Her  petite figure showing through her lovely dress. We sit and chat for a  while. It wasn't too soon before we were heading for the bedroom. Once  in there the cute and adorable lady disappeared and I was with an  extremely sensual and sexy woman. It was a change that happened  gradually but I didn't notice until after it had completely happened.  Its kind of hard to explain, but I was definitely feeling very wanted  and excited. She slowly starts to lick and kiss her way around me from  my head to my toes(not actually my feet but you get the idea) all the  while teasing me, building up to oral. Just when I think I can't wait  anymore she starts slowly working her way up my shaft while looking at  me. Can't get that image out of my head even if I wanted too. She then  starts to give me an awesome bj. Slow and sensual, not rushed. Seemed  like she wanted to take her time down there. Then we moved into cowgirl.  Once again, sexy and sensual. No hard pounding or fucking, this was  very erotic and was totally working for me. Its hard to have this kind  of experience with a WL because they either go for the fuckbuddy or pse.  Hard to get the whole gfe thing right on a mental level. I definitely  felt like there was a genuine connection even if there wasn't. And quite  frankly I don't care if it was fake. I enjoyed myself.

Anyway, after that little ramble, back to the review.  We  move into mish, doggy, back to mish and I finish on her chest &  stomach. All throughout the booking maintaining that slow and steady  pace resisting the urge to go harder and faster and savouring every slow  thrust.  I suggest all who read this review do the following:1. Guys, if Chloe is on your list make sure you make the effort to meet her, you won't be disappointed.2. If she isn't on your list, put her on your list and refer to point no.1

I have since returned and will continue to do so. She is a fantastic  lady whos beautiful, intelligent and fun. Treat her right and you will  be in good hands

misschloeofmelbourne.com


