Thread Title: Miss Emme - Melbourne - mistress.emmeline@hotmail.co.uk
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th April 2011, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: bbwluva
Post Title: 
 Miss Emme - Melbourne - mistress.emmeline@hotmail.co.uk
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Miss Emme

Establishment :Private Escort - Emme works in Melbourne as a professional Dom but does outcalls on the side.

Date of Visit:30 March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: AdultWork.com - Adult Service Providers & Erotic Content - Escorts, Webcammers, SMS & Phone Chat/Sex, Movies, Galleries & Auctions or her preferred method of contact is email which is, mistress.emmeline@hotmail.co.uk

Hours of Business: 10am till 10pm Fri, Sat, Sun. I did see her at 0130am by making an advanced booking 

Rates: $300.00 per hour

Age:24

Size/shape: Curvey size 16

Nationality or Ethnicity: White Australian

Services Provided: Mistress and Dom, Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Hell Yes

My experience/comments: My flight was delayed by a couple of hours and after contacting Emme asking to postpone our meeting, she had no issues. We met at my hotel room at 1:30 am and I was very happy with what I seen. I love bigger girls with curves and she had em. We started with kissing and some mutual masturbation. This lead to an awesome CBJ. We swapped over and I got to taste her very wet pussy and this turned to tongue fucking her tight little ass. I popped a couple of fingers in there and at one stage had fingers in both her pussy and ass and a tit in my mouth. She then repaid the favour by gett 2 fingers in my ass and pumped it hard. A new thing for me but is was fucking great. We then moved to the bathroom where I laid on the floor and she stood over me and worked her pussy until she came and squirted all over my face. A shower fllowed where a great HJ had be blowing over her belly. Back to the bed for a massage and when hard it was sex in many positions and finished me with cumming over her huge titties. The night finished off with a golden shower for me with Emme again standing over me and covering my body and face with her warm piss this time. O WHAT A NIGHT. 2 hours of bliss.


