Thread Title: Mistress Bianca - CBD - 0450 743 395
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th September 2019, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: Bluesman
Post Title: 
 Mistress Bianca - CBD - 0450 743 395
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mistress Bianca

Establishment : private apartment flinders st CBD

Date of Visit : September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/bdsm-fetish/mistress-bianca

Phone :0450743395

Hours of Business : from 12.00 noon-8 pm

Rates : $200/30

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : B&D

Value for money/recommend? : session -good without being exceptional. Body and face out of this world.
Would I return - yes. I think with a few more sessions she will know exactly what I want from a session.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
I looked for a review of this mistress for many months but was not able to find one. Eventually i took a punt.
There are no clear facial photos in any of her ads but there are some with sunglasses or blurred ones on her twitter account 
https://twitter.com/mistressbianca2.
The photos of her body looked amazing and that's the body you will see if you book her. I am not convinced that the facial photos (at least some of them) were really her but nevertheless she is very attractive.

She was quick in replying and organising a session was easy enough.

On my way, I had to confirm the booking and I sent her a request to wear on of the outfits in her ad. She agreed which helped convince me that the body pics at least were her.
This is the outfit I requested

$200 is about the going rate for a 30 min b&d session - basic tie tease, some mild pain for those that enjoy it (I do). This probably sounds overs to guys that are not into this especially since there is no fucking involved. I get that but that's just the way it goes if you want a non vanilla experience.

The session was held in the bedroom. My cock was tied up and there was lots of teasing some slapping and spanking etc. She was quite lippy and dominant.  At one stage she straddled my face with her gorgeous pussy barely covered with the outfit she was wearing.
She smothered me for a while whilst teasing my cock. She asked if I wanted to lick her pussy and whilst the temptation was huge, I refrained.

Most Mistresses I have seen will not allow much touching especially tits and pussy. Mistress Bianca was happy for me to do this and in fact when it was time for me to blow, she stood above me wanking my cock whilst I was on my back. I raised my hand and inserted a finger inside her whilst she wanked away and eventually I blew my load.

The downside to the session was that she had very little b&d equipment. Most sessions I have had in the past have been in a dark dungeon with walls lines with various paraphernalia which adds to the dark side of these sessions.
I got the impression she has not been formally trained as a Dominatrix, rather she is just naturally dominant and does her own thing.
Whilst it was far from the greatest b&d session I have had, I will go back again purely because of her looks and body. For whatever reason, finding attractive (to me) Mistresses seems very difficult. Some women advertising b&d services on places like Scarlett Blue are asking prices that are way out of my league.


