Thread Title: Miya - Melbourne CBD - 0403 275 964
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th July 2019, 07:32 PM
Poster ID: Onetwogod
Post Title: 
 Miya - Melbourne CBD - 0403 275 964
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miya

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10/05/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...upbj270055211/

Phone : 0403275964

Hours of Business : contact Miya

Rates : $200/h

Age : 24-30

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Value for money yes, but probably wont return. Worth a punt for her tight pussy.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Visited Miya a couple of months ago, she's in a small apartment in the CBD near china town from memory. She opened the door in a tiny blue mini dress and was friendly. I went for my standard 1h two shot punt. Started off with a BBBJ CIM and with a massage which was pretty average. Her body is small, petite, and tight, however face was a let down unfortunately. I'd rate a 5-6/10. HOWEVER, her pussy was so tight and she must have been super turned on.

One thing she didn't bother using lube, i didn't get to touch her pussy however she must have been wet which was a turn on for me.

Probably the tightest pussy i've fucked, it was literally like clamp!! I didn't last long.

Probably worth it for the once off punt, but i'm someone who likes trying new punts each time and hardly go back for seconds.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th August 2019, 03:41 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miya

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 31st july

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Phone : 0403275964

Hours of Business : dont know

Rates : $100 half hr

Age : id say mid 30s

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : fs

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : 

Ive been having some bad luck lately with trying to setup with online adds, they have either been reeaally ugly and definitely not like the photos or old asian ladys, so i decided id try a chick out in the city, might be younger and hotter, anyway i texted Miya and few messages back n fourth we agreed on a time and i got the location, then i had to wait about 20mins as she wasnt ready, domt know if she was with another punter or just busy,

So i buzz the intercom and up i go, she opens the door while standing behind it in a very dark small apartment, i go in and she closes the door, the place is very small where its like a shoe box with the kitchen and bed all in ome room, then a small little bathroom to the side, 

Miya was very quiet, she seemed abit shy, she was tall and slim, had blck stockings on and a little dark blue dress on which was kinda cute, her face waant that great and she looked over 30 to me,

So quick rinse, shower was small and dirty, bathroom was messy, i go out to lye down on the bed and miya comes on top to start with the cat bath and rubbing the inside of my thighs, i harden up and she doms me up to proceed with a mediocre cbj, while still dressed she climbs up and straddles me, litfing her dress, no lube in it goes and yes she is tight! Bit of rocking back and fourth, bit slow, bit boring for me so i started pumping from underneath and then she just stops so i can work, not what i wanted, anyway i ask her to turn around so i can see her ass bouncing on me and she turns around but just rocks back and fourth again, not even up and down, i grab her ass and start pumping away again and it seems like shes not in the mood, or just lazy, 

Over to missionary and she does the leg block thing where i cant fully penetrate her, she starts making weird sounds like shes in pain so i stop and ask for doggie, she flips and i grab the hips and start pumping away, i just wana blow and get out at this stage, she angles her back in a weird way and starts complaining again syaing its too big and it hurts, im vetting frustrated now as i havnt enjoyed this at all, i tell her to just give me a hand job to finish so i lye down and she removes the dom, oils me up and just jack hammers the shit out of me! Took me a while to blow, i lay back and closed my eyes trying not to think of her haha! Blew my massive load all over her and i jumped up for a shower! Got dressed in a hurry and she tried to hug me on the way out and said "i see you again" - no you wont!

I hope others can try have a better experience than i did


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th August 2019, 11:24 AM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry forgot to add in my review, Miya is a skinny girl, flat chest, no boobs, if your a boob man like me then you will be disappointed


