Thread Title: Nada Felini  - Melbourne & Sydney - Email only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th September 2013, 07:19 PM
Poster ID: SFVD
Post Title: 
 Nada Felini  - Melbourne & Sydney - Email only
				
Post Content: 
Name: Nada Feleni

Establishment: Private

Date of visit: early sept 2013 (in Syd)

Contact: http://one-red-triangle.com/ (For contact form, no telephone)

Hours: email for availability

Rate: $400 for 2 hrs

Age: mid-30s

Shape: athletic/petite

Nationality: Japanese 

Services: massage, HJ, DATY

Value for money: definitely!

Comments:

Booked a two hour massage with Nada on her most recent Sydney tour. Booking was easy, couple emails and then a phonecall from her at an arranged time. Beautiful American accent and relaxed phone manner. Sorted out my needs- erotic massage, guidance, ejaculation control tips...

She was staying in the Cross, easy to get to and definitely a luxurious place but w/ laid back staff. Up to her room and I knock, she greets me in an oriental robe a d first impressions are she is much sexier than the photos on her site. Quick chat while I drink some water then shower before we play on the bed. I massage her then go down, great tasting pussy and very responsive. She cums and then offers up my turn. Fifteen minutes o kneading my back before I flip. Handjob heaven. In cowgirl, her lying next to me, sixty nine. At one point she kissed my scrotum without saying a word and it elevated the mood. Eventually I cum with her on top in almost cowgirl, everyfuckingwhere! Even hit my chin. We laugh and she towels me off. I shower and we decide to cut it short, she refunds me $100 and I walk out on cloud 9.

(different reviews of this same session appears on a couple other forums***)

Cheers!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th September 2013, 04:33 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From ABOUT | Nada Feleni 

'
ABOUT

I love pleasuring people and being pleasured.  I offer intimate, sensual, authentic, and caring sexual experience and guidance for people who want more out of sexuality. I assist in creating an open space where we can explore each other sexually in a safe, consensual, and loving way.

My sessions are blend of  Neo Tantric lovemaking and that of an escort. I go beyond teaching sexual technique, yet I do not reduce our sexual encounter to sexual Olympics. If desired, we may integrate visualization and meditation in our sessions.

A former contortionist, I have had the pleasure of performing for birthday party for Grateful Dead members and featured in Alex Grey’s performance “World Spirit”. I traveled the world performing and studying various healing modalities such as shamanism in the Peruvian Amazon, Taoist techniques (including Chi-Nei-Tsang, an internal organ emotional release technique), and various massage courses. However, my sessions are NOT therapeutic massage sessions; they are erotic sessions for your sexuality. I have also studied the authentic spiritual practice of Tantric Yoga, Western Tantric sexuality, and Advaita Vedanta–which contributes to my clarity and grounding in my understanding of this reality.

My sessions are

    authentic
    loving
    caring
    safe
    sensual
    celebrates your sexuality
    non-judgmental
    intimate
    wild
    healing
    Experience abundance of sexual energy!

Please look at “offering” section for more information on sessions offered. I will offer different things at different times so check back often for new information!'

and her Rates page,

'	
RATES
For SEX RITUAL

    500  hour
    700   two hours
    1000  three hours



SPECIALS:

    1500 5 hours
    2000 for 12 hours (midday to midnight)

GET AWAY for weekends and more is available to clients I have seen previously.


For EROTIC MASSAGE

    250  hour
    400  two hours
    +200 every hour after.

For Magical Consultation- currently unavailable

    100 hour

'


