Thread Title: NaNa - Melbourne CBD - 0404 360 506
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 NaNa - Melbourne CBD - 0404 360 506
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Private Appt.

Date of Visit : Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????????Sick of fake?Free if Fake!!????????Bang me Hard & Long ????1st time Ever special In110 &Out 250?????? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure. 

Rates : $160 Massage 60min + $30 BBBJ

Age : 28 - 35

Size/shape : Small/Medium Build.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage + HJ +BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Unsure

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Firstly, apologies for the short absence but due to my account expiring I haven't been able to get it sorted to posting. After some mucking around I managed to get my account up and running again  So there are a few reviews for me to put up. I will work backwards from latest punts....so if I do make references to earlier punts it may not make sense due to the sequence of my post. Anyways.....


So, after feeling a bit depressed of my favourite going back to NSW, i hit backpage again. Thought about Albee and thought I should book her in, but didn't get a response which was rather strange. So tried out NANA as well. I then remember that Albee no longer uses her Suki mobile (from another post I read). So I sent a request to Albee proper number. I got a response from both in the end indicating that they won't be available until later on in the day (at exactly the same time!!).

Choices choiuces....I decided to give NANA a go, just because it was more exciting to try something new 

So all booked in and set to rock and roll as they say. 

(Note: due to legistration, i will skip straight to door openining scene). 

There was a bit of mucking around due to faulty door buzzer but eventually we met face to face. 

She was pretty much exactly like the photo but somehow she does look a bit older. I thnk she made some touch ups in her pics to make her eyes bigger not sure.
When she spoke, she has a bit of a husky note to it which makes her sound older. However she is still pretty in my opinion. Now here comes the bad part. 
Firstly she doesn't speak any english except for the odd word or two. She whipped out her phone and asked if I wanted the Massage option on her list. I indicated
i wanted the FS option, but she said no can't do and point to her pussy. OH FFS....everytime I book, I ask and confirm FS but this ONE TIME I did not and this happens.

So not her fault because I should have really confirmed. She was pretty enough and as usual in such situation the grey matter no longer in good working order. So it's Mr.Willey to make all the key decisions. Ended up agreeing to the massage for 1hr option + BBBJ. Nude up and went into the shower. She indicated I should alone as the cubicle was too sure. No problems, i don't really care for two ppl showering. 

Out to the bed and onto the massage laying on my tummy. Keeping it short, it was the worst massage ever. Looks of squeezing and swiping. 
I'm thinking, why the hell I didn't just go with the 30min option. Turned around and she went straight onto the usual nipple kissing and HJ. 
The BBBJ was ok as she didn't really go that deep, nor were there much suction. After that she moved onto HJ. This is the part where she excels because she knew how to keep it sensual and not the usual Jack hammer approach others tend to use. The only problem was that she does reach for tissue a bit during BBBJ. 
Anyway, as I was about to explode, she stopped and reached for more lube!! I tried to hold it but weren't so exploded while she had her back to me..*sigh* 
This was a little downer because nothng worst than exploding without any tug, so I had to finish off. She did quickly tried to assist when she noticed..

Anyways, afer the job was done. She went back to more massage since there was time on the clock. She said that I can hop into the shower when I wanted.
I thought I might as well lie there and check out her naked body. But after a while one can only take so much of being squeezed. So I hoped into the shower and dressed.

A time check during my dress up indicated I was there for exactly 60min. 

Summary:

PROS: Good looks and warm personality. 
          We did chat here and there but was limited due to language barrier. I did ask here, how she manage to text so well. Turns out that the translator app is very good these days. 
          She is a private lady. So no anonying agents or other guests. 
          Nice HJ technique. 
          Nice breasts. Good size. Probably around C. 
          She has AIRCON!!!! I did not sweat my ass off like my other punts. 

CONS: FS not available. My bad, I could have walked or should have asked. 
           CRAPPY massage.
           Acts and sounds like my ex girlfriends mum. (This was a bit of a turn off. Thank god she didn't talk much).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Crap, its been so long I forgot the proper formatting of the thread title. 

NANA - CBD -  0404360506


