Thread Title: Nana-Glen Waverley 0402 282 798
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2018, 09:38 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Nana-Glen Waverley 0402 282 798
				
Post Content: 
https://www.escortwiz.com/australia-...ush-no-game-23


Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : January 6, 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Above

Hours of Business : Unknown/didn't ask

Rates : $120 for 30 Minutes

Age : 30

Size/shape : 160cm, Medium Build, D Cup, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS then Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Looking at Backpage for something that might be real and I saw Nana's advert. I made contact and got a reply from another number. Suspicious, I asked if she was the same girl and got a "yes". 


Made an appointment to see Her at the Motel in Ferntree Gully Rd Glen Waverley. Arrived and text her for the room number. Went to the door and knocked, me waiting for the ugly, old, toothless Asian to open the door. BUT NO...Hiding behind the door was a very pretty, medium build, early 30's attractive Chinese girl/ woman. She was dressed in an alluring black number. I tried to talk to her in English, but her English language skills were sadly lacking. I point to her phone and we have a conversation via translator. Details of my desires:- "No quick fuck. A 30 minute session of caressing, kissing, fondling, resulting of love making". The translator talks to her and she nods....Ok she is up for it. Paid my $130 for the 30 minutes 

I remove her outer clothing to reveal a black lace set of underwear. She turns away from me and I unclipped her bra. She then bends over and my cock rubs up and down her arse covered by frilly panties. Off with these and I lie her on her back on the bed. Kissing her erect nipples, tracing a trail down to her puss for some DATY. Got my finger to caress her clit and she stops and puts a condom on it. She is up for some FIV...go for it. G spot stimulation, Sucking, fingering...

She is very wet. Nana then indicates she wants my cock. On with the Dom, she turns away from me on her knees and I am going doggie. I attempt to give her some anal but she quitely says no, no. I then insert into her vagina and pull her by the hips and I am in to the hilt. I up the tempo and am slamming her.....she cries yes, yes,...Wait for it.....no to late...cum and....gone.

I pull out, Nana removes the full bag, cleans me up and I then indicate that a massage might be in order. Nana climbs onto the bed and provides a decent massage. 

I then offer her some of the same and she is appreciative of the attention. I had another play with her breasts and belly...she stopped me from going further south !! Dam. A little bit more translator talk...Nana is working until the 29th Jan and then is going to China for a holiday. She will return after that.

Suggest that you get in quick. Her photos are real. 
Initial contact via 0402282798 a reply may come from 0413460469

Just before posting I checked for the advert and could not find. However the link above IS Nana.


