Thread Title: Nancy - Boxhill -  0413 495 436
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th February 2018, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Nancy - Boxhill -  0413 495 436
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Pvt

Date of Visit : Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0413 495 436 

Hours of Business : ????????? BOX HILL ?? ?????? Best ??? girls ??? 0413 495 436 ?? ??????????????????? - - Melbourne escorts - cracker.com.au

Rates : $270 p/h

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average / Unsure

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Been really thinking about retiring at the moment, both the dollars and quality perspective is really putting me off somewhat. Nevertheless, was a bit bored of late and hit up cracker for a change. 
Noticed a crew over in box hill who seem to have some legit girls. 

The usual set up, but I was suprised that the girl (Nancy) do call you up upon arrival which normally ever happen with girls in the higher dollar range. 

I was tossing between Nancy or Apple, but settled on Nancy. Turns out the photos was overtouched a bit, and she does not have the best smile either 
Found nout that Apple looks more attactive as I bumped into her during the walk of shame to the bedroom from the bathroom. (but remember, different blokes different strokes :P) 

Nevertheless, Nancy is still pretty but just a little let down from the pictures. She also have a pretty nice personality but not too much on the words/chat side of thing. I'm sure some of you would like that.
There was a hint of bad breath (damn my luck!) but it was only ever so slight and I didn't notice it later on in the session. 

The biggest mistake I made was not settling on the lower tier of service for $230, which is probably better value. The BBBJ was very short and there was minimal kissing. 

She spent  most of the time with ball licking and then a short BJ with the occassional nipple licking. About 5min in, it was straight into CG, and yep you guessed it, reverse starfish. 
Then onto mish->doggy. All up, this is a pretty standard BP punt, no real enthusiasm but she was enough to provide the occassional smile and fake moan. Session completed with about 30min to spare. 
So resed a bit and she suggested that I sleep. After 5mins, she popped up and asked if I was cold and suggested a massage. The massage was rather average, just a lot of squeezing but was not terrible. 
The alarm clock rang and in total session was 50min from door to door. 

So yea, very average all up. I can't complain I suppose as it is what seems to be expected at this price range these days. 
My bad for taking the higher tier option. WIR? Unsure, probably not but if I do, would be for Apple  

Nancy also mention that she will be going back to china for chinese new year. I am guessing for most of these girls it will be the case.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th February 2018, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: dave109
Post Title: 
 Nancy - Box Hill - 0413 495 436
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 4 Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : line id:56xx56

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : multiple offers - i chose $150 1/2 hour 

Age : under 28 years

Size/shape : 5"3 petite, could be C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Covered BJ, FS GFE

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was browsing melb backpage and found nancy along with other girls in the same ads. Decided to download Line apps and add the girls, turned out it runs by a person in box hill. I booked nancy cause she looked innocent of all, and i requested the boss to get Nancy wear office outfits (i had fetish for sexy office girl this week, )

i was buzzed into the apartment, and got into the front door and this pocket girl opened the door with the outfits - i love it. Settled the money and went for shower. I went back to room and she asked me to lie down, asked if i wanted the outfit on or off, so i said if she could wear the stockings. She did the cat bath and put on a dom and sucked my pole. She sucked it slowly, and asked if i like fast or slow - i said preferably slow. Then she sensed i got a bit bored, she said let me deepthroat for you - jesus she took it to next level.. OMG, i could stay the whole session just for this.

then we go on to missionary position, she looked so sexy with her face blushes as i pounded her - she occasionally made this fake sound but who doesn't. I turn her around and did doggy style, i rubbed her clits while fucking her from behind, she got wetter and sweatier and this just turned me on even morel. sensing i am about to blow, so we went back to missionary and finished it off there. She is a lovely girl, asked me to rest and we chatted for a while before i head off. 

Overall good session, she has the gentle demeanour but a wild streak behind all those..


