Thread Title: Nancy- CBD - 0424 467 136
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2018, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: smisat
Post Title: 
 Nancy- CBD - 0424 467 136
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Private in Lt. Bourke St. Melbourne

Date of Visit : January

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Backpage, tel. 0424 467 136

Hours of Business : don't know

Rates : $100 for 30 min.

Age : 28 she said

Size/shape : big boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : half malaysian half thai she said

Services Provided : full service, cof

Value for money/recommend? : good

After disappointing experience a few days back, wanted to make it up. Found on backpage an ad with an Asian girl with massive boobs and claiming real pics. I sort of was doubtful but wanted to try my luck anyway.

Rang her and she texted me back with the details of address and services she provided and she sent me a few pictures of herself, same as backpage pictures, lol. It was not far from my place, so I was there in less than half hour. It turned out to be a budget  hotel in Lt. Bourke Street. I rang her I was in front of hotel and she gave me the room  number. It was easy to go through reception, no questions asked.

She opened the door and as I expected, it wasn't the same girl from the picture although she claimed it was her. She said the picture was enhanced and that was the reason why I might think it wasn't her. However I am 100% sure it wasn't her. The ad claims she was 22 and she told me she was 28. The ad claims her name is Nancy, and she said her name was Kiki. When I  mentioned the difference with ad, she said Kiki was her previous name, lol.

Anyway, I wasn't unhappy. She was well shaped with nice smile and good attitude and above all with big tits hehe. I told her I wanted half an hour with cof and she said $30 extra for that service. I had only $120 in my wallet. She was ok with that sum.

After short mish, I turned to her tits, my favourite. I did spanish for 5 minutes and was ready to blow in her face. She tried to block her face with her hands, however I was quick to remove them and I released my big load over her face. She managed to pull her head on side, so lot of cum went into her ear.....her fault.

It was a good experience overall. She told me she is going back to Perth to study (should I believe?). This was a week ago. I am not sure if she is still here but the ad with same pictures is still on backpage. I don't know how these girls operate, probably pictures don't mean anything..you get the first girl available.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st January 2018, 12:13 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I recently visited a hotel in Lt. Bourke street near Elizabeth Smisat,on  a Locato or Backpage add ; probably the same one as you 
Entirely different girl than the  add; much older and  plump basic looking  40 yr old body . She told me the add for the 22 year old slender girl was her (and she was very convincing LOL) Maybe her mum.

On that night there were several,WLs in and out the front door as I was going  so as with the comments of other punters here , it is fair to say they operate as an agency or group from here and you get who is available and also the add pictures are generally from Utube or Google
Goboy


