Thread Title: Natasha - Private - Melbourne CBD
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th November 2017, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Natasha - Private - Melbourne CBD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natasha Pham 

Establishment : Incall to private appartment (Melb CBD)

Date of Visit : Nov 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
? ENCHANTING VIETNAMESE Petite Body, Big Chested,Self Portraits, Self Working Lovely FUN LUVING GAL - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250 per hour

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : CBJ /DFK/ FS 

Value for money/recommend? : Ok/Maybe

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


Had some free time and decided to check out backpage and a few review sites. Feeling a bit adventurous, decided to go for an un-reviewed lady and take one for the time :P

Came across this particular ad and it read pretty well, and the pictures look promising. 

Made a booking with short notice and got a prompt reply locked in a time. Caught a tram down towards the souther end of the CBD. Got the usual number and buzz up the appartment. Knocked on door and held my breath. I walked in and turned around to see a slim petit asian girl smiling broadly back at me. 

Damn, not as pretty as I was imagining. She reminds me of those thai girls which you see on those asian meat porn sites (e.g. a little on the skanky side). 
But later she tells me she is from Taiwan. Her body however isn't too bad, slim and decent size breats/boobs.
I did check back with the images on the ad later on and confirm that those pictures were not her  

Back on the routine side, she offered shower but did not jump in. Probably because i did not motion her to. The tub was a little small anyways. She only speaks a few words of English. Turns out that she is studying english in australia. So throughout the whole session, she repeated about 3 words all up. Yes, Okay, oh good. 

Started off with BJ, actually asked me if I wanted condom BJ and I stupidly replied sure I don't mind. Just was a reflex I suppose. Her BJ skills is very good in fact and her cat bath was pretty amazing. Then after that was over she indicated time for the main, where we did a few different positions and even moved around the house. Finally ended with HJ as I was not able to get over the line via the convetional means.

Overall the session was not too bad. She is very eager to please, and made every attemtp to connect. 
Her DFK was great since she did not held back at all. In fact a little too much tongue LOL. She can understand english in most cases and listen to instructions. On the timing side she attempted to finish off 30mins in, and finally we were done at the ~40min mark. Prefer if she left it a bit later to be honest. No massage to end which we talked about at the start of the session. So it was straight into the shower. Got out of there with still 10mins to go. 

Now, onto the bad bits. Like I said, photos aren't real. She is not shaved downstairs, so will have a bit of a scratching effect when she slides her pussy across your body. There is a bit of wrinkle on her belly which may be evidence of child birth at one stage. She has a big tatt oh her back/shoulder. She is actually on a bit of the 'lose' side in the down stairs department. But my biggest turn off was the fact her underarm were not shaved 
 

Overall it was an alright punt. Great attitude, but not my cup of tea in the physical department.


