Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th July 2012, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: rambisyouth
Post Title: 
 Nicky/ Missy - East St Kilda - 0415 949 585
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Nicky

Establishment: Private

Contact Details/Address: 0415 949 585

Hours of Business: By Arrangement

Prices: $100 half

Age: mid 30's

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services: CBJ / FS

Value for money/recommend?: Good

My experience/comments: Nicky operates out of a flat in East St Kilda.  I believe she previously worked at Candy Club.  She has a tight body and is very friendly and enthusiastic.  The main drawback is that lack of shower facilities.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd February 2013, 07:13 AM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: 
 Nicky 0415 949 585 st kilda
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : nicky

Establishment : private home, inkerman st. St kilda

Date of Visit : 20/02/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415949585

Hours of Business : 10 till late

Rates : 120 half hr

Age : 30' ish

Size/shape : slim no tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 
found Nicky's number here from other punters, was in the area so why the hell not?
i call up Nicky around 10am an ask if she's available in half hr. she's quite happy to accommodate and off I go. She tells me to call her when I've arrived at the corner of chapel and inkerman after I've parked the car.
so I get there and I'm on the phone and she tells me o walk over and stand in front of an address close by. Now I'm starting to check for snipers cos this is very strange to me. Look down this driveway and see a thin blonde girl in hot pants walking towards me, so I'm guessing that this has got to be her, which in turn I was correct. She leads me into her apartment which is flooded with junk and shit everywhere. This girl could be selling all her shit on eBay and she would make a shit load of cash. 
I felt that I had walked into a hoarders paradise. Anyway once I find the bed and get the finances out the way we get down to business. I don't want to say that she's a junkie cos I saw no sign of that in her eyes or her body. But she did seem a tad strange in conversation. 
Nicky had no tits, I think mine were bigger. Descent body and has a few moving pictures around her body.
Not much to report here other than we got straight into it and she slapped on the old franga and went to work . She actually did make sure I was happy with what she was doing cos she wouldn't stop asking if I liked it. After a few mins it was straight into cowgirl and I shot off my load and wanted to get out of this hoarders jungle, which seemed impossible cos she wouldn't stop talking. Guess she wanted to make sure I was happy with her service.
WIR: if no one else was available to me then I might return, but in no hurry.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st August 2013, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: Mick Shager
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Micky also works the streets around St Kilda. She is on the gear


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th August 2013, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: Mordyguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Mick Shager


Micky also works the streets around St Kilda. She is on the gea
"""



+1 Nicky is a SW from way back and has been doing the streets for many years. Nice enough girl but there's plenty of better punts around. Seems like a lot of SW are on locanto now.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th August 2014, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: Slow Poke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like she's back on Locanto today. Although with a bit of a price hike up to $200 for 30 mins and $350 for the hour.

http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...le-hottie.html


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th August 2014, 11:25 AM
Poster ID: ninepair
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Slow Poke


Looks like she's back on Locanto today. Although with a bit of a price hike up to $200 for 30 mins and $350 for the hour.

http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...le-hottie.htm
"""



reckon you could bargain her down some from that


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd August 2017, 08:27 PM
Poster ID: Danielhm1
Post Title: 
 Missy Vic July
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 
Missy

Establishment : 
St Kilda

Date of Visit : 
July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Off Locanto 

Hours of Business : 
10-8

Rates : 
$100 + extras 

Age : 
early 30's

Size/shape : 
Slim / petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : 
Aussie

Services Provided : 
BJ and extra

Value for money/recommend? : 
No

My experience/comments : 
Had seen Missy on Locanto for a while and was keen to try as she was offering reasonable rates on BJ and full service. No Intel on PP, so with the long weekend in Melb I thought I would find out for myself.

Called her (as per request, no texts). Easily organised a catchup later that day. Early concern was on the phone her rough gravely voice... I'm suspecting a drug addict or just someone who's had a had life. None the less I solider on. 10min before our meet, she texts to cancel. 

Following day she texts to apologise and given the awesome guy I am, we organise another meet.

At first meeting, yes, Missy looks over forty, has a sun worn face, lots of freckles on her face and badly bleached blonde hair. She is very slim and tanned (bit too tanned possible). Reasonable body, cute little ass, small breaths. But she is friendly and apologetic about the previous day.

At this stage I figure I'll just opt for the $80 BJ and be done with it, but she tells me as she "owes me one", I can have the full service at the discount price of $100. Giddy up.

We start with a covered BJ, which she did surprisingly well, put the rubber in her mouth and applied it that way, nice touch. Didn't get any ball play, but she sucks quite hard to compensate for the reduced feeling from the rubber. Also, part way through she positions me near a mirror so I can "watch her suck my cock from a different angle".

We get on the bed, she jumps on me for cowgirl, which I'm not normally a fan of, but she is grinding her hips quite well. Flip her over for doggy and throughout she is reaching back and playing with my balls. She also has lots of dirty talk and eventually I "blow my hot load of cum" as she tells me to. She cleans me up, bit of chit chat, all done.

Overall, for $100 can't complain. Would I pay the full $160 for a return visit? Mm mm, if I was needing an outlet at some point down the track, wouldn't dismiss the possibility.


