Thread Title: Nina - Doncaster VIC - 0414 842 993
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th January 2018, 02:49 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Nina - Doncaster VIC - 0414 842 993
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Establishment : Pvt Appt

Date of Visit : Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Soft one & little one New New visit Doncaster - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $220 p/h

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Firstly apologies for the late absence.  It has been an interesting new year and my first few punts of the year were with a couple of regulars who we has been reviewed multiple times and we all known & loved. 

Nevertheless, time came to try something new and I happened to be in the Eastern suburbs. Found an ad which according to other sources were legit. So I decided to send an SMS to Nina and see if i get any response. She took a while amost an hour to get back in which i almost gave up because I were due to head back to home base. There were also some issues with no response when i the designated time came around and again almost gave up when i did get a last minute "pls wait". Finally I saw a very petite size girl with a very grumpy look on her face. Sorted out the financials and I was thinking if this is going to be a big mistake. It turns out that she just woken up and were still pretty tired and she was much more cheery afterwards when we both showered (separately). Her english weren't too bad and we were able to converse on basic conversations. 

The action were pretty standard. Very little kissing and a short nipple lick before grabbing of a dom, then onto CBJ. She seems to like using tissue to wipe things down pre/post the licking but at least she did not over do it. The CBJ skill were pretty average, as there was very little tenderless to her technique. Decent amount of time spent between cock & nipples and onto the main event. Started with CG a few pumps, attempted ACG then asked me to change position. this is where I thought, you must be kidding, she broke the record of the shortest CG I ever had in my life. Onto mish, and I pumped it like no tomorrow  It felt nice but also she was loosening up some what. She asked if I were tired and we went to doggie where I finally crossed the line.

Post action she went out and grabbed me a cup of water and I snuck in a quick time check, 30mins has gone by since I was sitting butt naked on the bed while waiting for her to complete her shower. So probably 25min left. She came back and suggested a massage. 

Like i said, she was petite, BUT my god, she can cause you some serious pain. Dug her elbows into my shoulder blades and then down my spine. 
I was wriggling in pain and thinking this could not be worst. She kept telling me to relax and when I said it was a bit painful, she said she was going to go softer. How wrong was I when she got to my legs and she started on back of my calf. The feeling were rather unbearable. To be fair, I am very sensitive to massages and rarely do i ask for a hard massage. Nevertheless, I held on because my pride got the better of me and I didn't want to look like a wuss in front of a hot girl. :P She asked half way through if i wanted to fuck her again and I did decline since I normally take some time to recover and there won't be enough time left on the clock. Now I wonder if I should have taken the option. 

After the massage, she lied down for a bit ontop and it was rather nice. Got me hard again but it was time up. 
Hoped into the shower and then said our good byes. She is only here in Melbourne for a short time and will head back to NSW soon.  

Summary she is a very good looking girl with a good attitude, who also likes to direct the action. 
I also like the fact that she did not try and shortchange me on time and we actually went over by about 5minutes. 

The only bad thing is that her massage is rather painful  For me anyways. YMMV depending on whether you prefer the hard massages. 
She was also on the bit of low energy side of things, and perhaps should have taken my booking later if she needed more Z's  

She is worth it in my view because still a good session and were quiet friendly (after the initial meet). But may need to find a way to tell her not to massage so hard.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2018, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You whimp


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th January 2018, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
LOL...I know! :P


