Thread Title: Northern Secret - Somerton - Locanto ad only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th February 2014, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: 
 Northern Secret - Somerton - Locanto ad only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Can't remember

Establishment : Incall

Date of Visit : Mid December 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_231059967/Incall-Today.html

Hours of Business : All day

Rates : $100 BJ

Age : 29

Size/shape : petitem 5.4"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ (does provide FS)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
So i have seen this girl post constantly on Locanto so i thought i would finally give her a go.

Messaged her and she gave me a call not long after. Now she gets you to call her when ou get to a certain street then once there she will give you her address.

Walk into the house and she's a friendly enough girl. Shes Blone, Very thin and has prob A cup boobs. Nearly flat chested. 
She was very talkative and made you feel at home. Now because i only had $100 on me i went for the BJ option.
She got me to lay on her bed and covered up the little fella. She gave a pretty good BJ. She raves about her BJ skills and i think now offers natural BJ's but for a covered bj it was pretty good. I am a massive Boob fan but she kept her top on the whole time. I didn't even ask her to remove it as i mentioned earlier she was flat chested so i didn't bother. 

So yeah, She gives a nice BJ, shes not bad to look at although she did have a smoke while i was there which i dislike. Im tempted to go back and see her again for FS as due to her small frame you should be able to throw her around abit. She also looks like she would know how to ride it lol.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th March 2014, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by johnnydtf


Person's Name : Can't remember

Establishment : Incall
.

"""



Thank you for your review  johnnydtf.

Does this look like the Locanto ad, Northerns little secret, melbourne

"Northerns little secret - 29

Hi 
Are you in the mood for some fun? feeling .......? then come and see me 
I can exotically make you feel things you didn't think possible 

Ever dream of wild affair? Not enough pleasure at home? Maybe your single and just want a girl to please you that knows what shes doing 
What ever your situation is, we can have a hot wild time!

I love giving Oral that will leave you coming back over and over  I can give you a naked massage to unwind and relax, or if you can handle it, lets go all the way 

Im Aus, 29, slim, long dark hair"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th March 2014, 07:38 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats her.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st April 2014, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: julianboy1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not the best looker, missing teeth etc, I would avoid.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd April 2014, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She had teeth when I saw her lol. Must have taken a turn for the worse.


