Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th February 2019, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: Drunkenpanda
Post Title: 
 Nutmeg - West Footscray/Kingsville -  0468 454 591
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nutmeg

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ingsville.html
Phone :  0468 454 591

Hours of Business : 9am to midnight

Rates : 250 hr GFE

Age : 32

Size/shape : thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian mix

Services Provided : GFE, CBJ, DATY, massage

Value for money/recommend? : It was ok, I wouldn't return.

My experience/comments : 

I was in town for a few days and had the itch, not knowing what the scene is like in Melb I resorted to Locanto. After a bit of searching I came across Nutmeg's ad. Her ad was very informative and very different to all the usual fake Asian ads. I sent her a text and she replied quickly asking if she can call me back. I said it was ok and she did. Her English is very good, she is well educated and can hold a conversation. We spoke about what I wanted out of the session and arranged a time for me to visit. 

I arrived to her private average apartment with easy to follow instructions. She answered the door wearing some nice loose fitting casual wear that I asked for her to wear. I like the girl next door kind of thing. Her pictures in her ad is 100% her. I had a shower before I left which she was ok with that, we sat on the couch for a causal chat, some grapes and a drink. We eased into some DFK, her kissing skills are shit. Just pokes her tongue into your mouth without any flow or movement. I decided to start some DATY so we moved onto the bed(which was next to the couch). Her pussy was nice and shaved and she doesn't mind a couple of fingers inside, she came a few times and tried to pull away but I kept going in which she knocked my face with her leg and gave me a bit of a fat lip lol. 

Onto some CBJ, she has a small mouth so it was very teethy…… I stopped her not long after and told her I wanted to fuck. A couple of positions later and cum in the bag. We have a drink and a chat. I move into some more kissing hoping for round two but again, stupid fucking tongue poke. Instantly turns me off and I know there's no chance of me going for a round two so I ask for a massage. Massage skills are pretty terrible too so I opt for a shower and then leave. 

Her prices a cheap for a good looking tight young woman, I would only return for a short fuck session.


