Thread Title: Nyssa Lavigne - Melbourne - 0478 144 111
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th November 2019, 01:20 PM
Poster ID: bryan
Post Title: 
 Nyssa Lavigne - Melbourne - 0478 144 111
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Nyssa Lavinge

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 9/11/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ny...city=Melbourne

Phone : 0478 144 111

Hours of Business: 10am - 7pm

Rates:$400/ph

Age: Early 30's

Size/shape:Busty and fit

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service (and more!)

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome value for money unrushed

My experience/comments: 
She is by far the best sex worker I've been with. Work wise she is fantastic, professional, clean, reasonable prices and organised. She is beautiful and really knows how to please. Her body is a solid 10/10 and her skills are outstanding. She listened to what I wanted and delivered it in an amazing way. Best thing about her, she is comfortable. She knows how to laugh and listen. Both times I've really enjoyed her company.
She makes you feel really horny by asking what you're into by the start of the session and make sure she is up to your standard (really horny). And see is never one to waste and precious time as she does not hide her bad side at all. Overall, she is definitely worth a try boys!

So before we met up, i told her to be dressed up in a office lady costume for me. When she arrived and i open the door, there she was, with a tight slightly see through white button-up blouse and a tight black high waisted miniskirt smiling towards me as she walked in the room. She then pushed me onto the bed and slowly strips but at the same time did not take her gaze of my cock (which i find is really hot). By the time she took off her skirt, she was already crawling towards the bed and gobbled up my cock. She really knows her way around it and he deepthroated it whole and asked if i liked it sloppy, which i then told her yes. Within a few minutes, she drenched my whole groin area with her saliva and began the dirty talking. When she finally got the condom on, she turned around and got ready for doggy, and my lord, her ass was firm and round, hands down one of the best ass i've had so far. I couldn't hold myself in due to the amazing view i was having and as i was about to cum, she was begging for me to cum on her face, which was a first and a real turn on for me, and so i did. She then proceeded to play with my cum before cleaning up and we chatted for a lil bit before she left, overall, a real amazing experience. 11/10 would recommend!


