Thread Title: Olivia Lane - Melbourne - 0456 028 130
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 12:31 PM
Poster ID: kpmgman
Post Title: 
 Olivia Lane - Melbourne - 0456 028 130
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Olivia Lane

 Establishment: Private Escort 

 Date of Visit: February 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Olivia Lane Private Melbourne Escort

 Hours of Business: Available most days and some evenings. 24 hours notice for evening bookings please. 

 Rates: $650 (1 hour); $900 (1.5 hours); see ad for other rates.

 Age: 23

 Size/shape: 8/Athletic

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

 Services Provided: Full Service

 Value for money/recommend?: If you like telling the lady what you like, then I would recommend. 

 My experience/comments:

I came across Olivia's profile on PGs, and I thought that this girl has got a great body and while this was a punt if ever there was one on the count of there being no intel, I decided that she presented well enough on her profile for me to take the plunge. Unfortunately, I came away disappointed with my experience. I can chalk a lot of this down to the fact Olivia is a WL that really probes the guy on what he likes and she accommodates his needs, which is fine, but I am not such a guy - I really like WLs that can charge and make most of the moves, and for this part, she was not my cuppa tea. BUT at times, she did conduct the booking to suit herself, which meant that she went about things because it suited her when really my comfort should have always been her number 1 focus.


So the appointed day and time came and I met with Olivia. My first thoughts were that she was alright looking and came across as a nice person but she would not catch my attention on the street (my subjective opinion here, all guys are different!). We settled the financial side of things and then I went to the bathroom to complete freshening up. When I came out of the bathroom, Olivia made herself comfortable on the couch. We had a bit of small talk, and then she asked me what things I like be included in the booking. For me, this is not always a red flag but it frustrates me these questions. I replied but really wished these questions don't come up. So I said I really like DFKing and we started DFKing. She was very good in this department but it was not the most passionate kissing I have had. Anyway, I slightly unzipped her dress, to which she replied that maybe it was time to go the bedroom. So we moved to the bedroom.

So each of us took off our clothes and as I moved to the left side of the bed she said could I move to the right side of the bed, and I asked why. She had set down her condoms and phone on the left bedside table, which was why she had asked me to move to the right side. I said that I had a preference for the left side so then she did move her things to the other bedside table. This was example 1 where she did a thing to suit herself - the fact she asked me to move to the other side of the bed was just so that she could reach her things easily. Why couldn't she just reach over me I was thinking?

So once she did move her things to the other bedside table, we got things going again and kept DFKing.  I removed her bra. Now, at this time she was on her knees over me and I was not sure why.  As I was feeling her breasts, she grimaced in pain. I asked her why and then she said her implants were still relatively new. I did apologise and thought to myself this was why - example 2 of where she did a thing to suit herself - she avoided getting up close here probably because she was afraid of the pain her implants would cause. I would add that I have squeezed other WLs enhanced breasts about the same and have never had a problem. My thought here was that if her implants were still relatively new and she was afraid of any pain they might cause, she should not have seen me.

Later, I start feeling her pussy. As I begin to finger her, she grimaces again. She said that feeling the lips was okay but no fingering. Okay, but I was then thinking here, you list mutual masturbation as a service but no fingering? Now, for my part, I believe mutual masturbation to include fingering but she said it was not okay. And if it is not okay, she should state on her profile.

So after some somewhat clumsy foreplay, my member did get hard, so I was ready for the condom. But then she suddenly pulls down my foreskin on my member and then I said the foreskin will come down on its own when you jump on top. Then she says she was conducting a health check - example 3 of where she did something to suit herself - I would have thought that health checks should be conducted before the action begins? I want to be safe, and in the way I interact with WLs, safety is my number 1 priority but she conducted the health check when it suited her and not at the start of the booking when I thought would have been a more appropriate time to do it. Furthermore, she pulled down the foreskin on my member not in a gentle manner and it hurt, and I let her know it. I said that I appreciate and understand and want to be safe but someone manually pulling down a guy's foreskin can hurt, and she should have been considerate to that fact.

After that moment, we interchanged between cowgirl and missionary but unfortunately there was no happy ending. In missionary we did get up close but with that position, it is kind of hard to avoid. The lack of a happy ending does not concern me but if there is no passion in the action, then no happy ending just added to my disappointed. I didn't go down on her because the clumsiness of it all didn't put me in the mood to. There was no BJ because I didn't ask for it.

As we parted ways, I did ask her how long she was been in the industry, to which she replied 7 months. I thought okay, that explains why things seemed really clumsy.

Postscript - Before I go to my final thoughts, I am saying this so I do not get any annoying PMs. If Olivia has a boyfriend that knows she is a WL and comes across this review, then I will say this now, I DID NOT HAVE UNPROTECTED SEX WITH HER. I have been hassled previously by the alleged boyfriend of another WL I wrote a review about about whether I had unprotected sex with this WL and I didn't but I will not name which. I am not going to have unprotected sex with a WL, I think that is absolutely CRAZY!!!!!!. I would only have unprotected sex with someone that I am in love with, care about and would want to have children with. WLs provide a service, they are likely to see multiple clients, and the fact that a WL will likely see multiple clients makes having unprotected sex with a WL very dangerous, a danger I will never ever want to expose myself to.

Final thoughts - Olivia came across as a nice person but the fact is she did things at times to suit herself, and in the case of the health check, she really should have chosen a better time to do it.
To be fair, she did ask me what I liked and said he would do what I liked but that is not my preference in a WL. She would suit guys that like making their preferences known but not me though - that is not my cuppa tea. The experience could well have been different had I made my preferences known but the fact she did things that suited herself was a let down, Example 2 could be open to interpretation to be fair but Examples 1 and 3 are clear cut IMHO

In the end, if I was the type of guy that liked to explain my preferences, things would most likely have turned out differently, but I don't and this added to the fact she did things to suit herself made the experience very disappointing. I have had a lot better at $650 at the first hour from the retired Janie Shiraz namely.

I have no reason to see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks, good informative review, sorry it was such a bummer.  

I really don't know where some of these $400+ WLs get off charging an arm and a leg and fail to deliver so dismally.


