Thread Title: Pandorabae - CBD - 0404 671 044
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2019, 06:15 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Pandorabae - CBD - 0404 671 044
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pandora

Establishment : Private apartment in Melb CBD

Date of Visit : 27 November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Found her on Escorts and Babes. the ad comes and goes not there currently. Search Pandorabae

Phone : 0404 671 044

Hours of Business : 12 noon to late

Rates : $100 for 20 mins F/S

Age : 25-30???

Size/shape : Fantastic shaped body with great tits very attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : She said China

Services Provided : Covered BJ and F/S

Value for money/recommend? : Yes certainly fantastic service, even though it was only the quick service.

My experience/comments : A Pandora has been working on and off with the wechat ellen love group, fantastic photos and I have been trying to get time to book with her for months.
I found this Pandorabae on Escorts&Babes using the same photos as the wechat Pandora.
I assume they are one and the same, no idea but I don't care, this girl I saw was fantastic.
I used the number she had on Es&Bs to make contact with her.
Her minimum advertised rates were $150 for 30 minutes way too high for me. I asked about nude handjob, my favourite, and she sent back $100 30 mins NHJ.
I kept the message and about a week later I had time during work to duck away and took the opportunity.
Sent her a text, booking for a NHJ $100 in 15 minutes time, it was just before 12 noon when I sent the text. She responded yes, so off I went to the address, 462 Elizabeth street.
There must be a lot of girls working out of this apartment block judging by all the people I saw waiting out the front of the building near the keypad, constantly checking their mobile phones for the number to get buzzed up. I already had the number for mine, as I always tell them I am there well before I get there so I can punch in the number and go straight in.
Up to the room, knock on the door, opened by a stunning Asian girl dressed in an extremely sexy outfit exposing all the vital bits and displaying her magnificent body.
Was nearly tempted to pay the $150 and fuck the expense, but held my cool, handed over the $100.
She took the money, and asked, just 20 minutes, $150 can do more? At this stage I realised she thought the $100 for was for 20 mins sex, so I thought just play along, see what happens.
Quick shower, she is nude waiting for me on the bed,
I lay down and she sort of laid down next to me, put her head down near my limp cock, and stayed there with the legs open with her pussy well withing reach.
She motioned for a head job, even though I was still limp I said ok. She dommed me up and started sucking.
Now normally I am no good on a cold start but this girl knew what she was doing and a combination of her sucking and me playing with her pussy and her great tits, had me ready to go in no time.
She sat back at the head of the bed, opened her legs and guided me in.
I started pumping her and stopped and slowed down a few times to avoiding cumming too soon.
I was able to do this for a while with her assisting by stopping when I motioned to stop, she let me control the session.
Eventually I came and the deed was done.
This was a fantastic short service experience with a fantastic friendly girl who I am sure would be well worth the extra $50 for the full 30 minutes considering the fantastic service I got for $100/20mins.
I may lash out next time, I think it will be worth it.
Not sure if I have finally nailed the wechat Ellen love Pandora, or if it was someone else, but she was great.


