Thread Title: Phoebe - Williams Landing - 0478 132 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th March 2019, 08:28 PM
Poster ID: LiquidDose
Post Title: 
 Phoebe - Williams Landing - 0478 132 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Phoebe

Establishment : Private Apartment, William's Landing

Date of Visit :  1/3

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...btm4241110247/

Phone : 0478 132 668

Hours of Business : 11am - Late

Rates : 100/30min,  150/60mins (Prices on advert wrong)
Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian, Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : NO. If your looking for something more, look elsewhere. However a cheap fun.


My experience/comments : So first off, I had a few issues with this punt. Finished classes and decided to look for some action that evening. Typically I would be looking to spend some quality time with a mature age Asian woman. However, this time I decided to go for something of the more youthful variety. So I decided to message a few girls and got a few responses that they were free that night. I ended up choosing a girl named Somi (More on this later)

Arrived at the apartment a bit early and wait for my booking. Check my phone and realised that the address that Somi gave me was the same address of another girl I messaged. No big deal, my guess is there's a bunch of working girls that use/live at the place for their work. Now when I get there, I didn't have the apartment room number to get buzzed up. So I tried calling/msg, but did not get a call back till 15mins from when we were suppose to start. 8:30 booking, she called back at around 8:45 (Not the best start). Anyway I get buzzed up and take the lift up to her apartment. As I exit the lift, she is waiting for me in the hall and I immediately realise this girl is different from the one in the picture. Different worker or fake picture? My guess is the later.

Bit annoyed, but the girl in front of me is quite pretty, so my annoyance quickly goes. She was wearing a large orange tshirt that was just covering her pussy. She has a pretty faced, curvy body, nice full lips (wearing pink lipstick), milky skin and long dyed brown hair to her shoulders. I introduce myself and asked her name and she says Phoebe, so looks like it's not Somi I'm seeing, but Phoebe.

She ushers me to her room and we quickly get undressed. Phoebe removes her tshirt, and reveals she is not wearing anything underneath. I take a good look, and admire so more of that smooth milky skin. She is average in size, great big arse and mesmerising C size tits. I lay down and she immediately puts a condom on my cock and goes to work. I fondle her boobs while she goes up and down the little fella like a metronome. Blowjob was great. I decide to replay the favour and flip her around and go downtown. I gave her some tongue action, however she stopped me when I tried to give her some finger play. We stop and decide to start fucking. She begins to ride me cowgirl, my hands again playing with her tits and nipples. Pussy felt great. I tell her I want to go missionary. I begin working away, but turns out she is one of those girls that just lays there, hands on her side, no moaning, no dirty talk, no handywork while I'm plugging away. So I decide well, I'm still gonna make the most of this and flip her over and commence doggie. Must say she has a fantastic looking arse. We go for a while until i'm ready to blow, so I tell her to finish me with her mouth and hand. Again, the blowjob was prob the best thing from the visit. Not too long, I erupt from that mouth action. Still some time left, she gave me a massage, but i felt like she had little experience in that area, Moreover, she was also on her phone at times while massaging me. Not the best thing to be doing in front of a customer in my opinion. Anyway, we finish up, I take a shower and out the door.

So the booking wasn't the best. Blowjob was great, but the sex was subpar. I'm looking for more than someone just laying there. Now I am new to punting, but 150 an hour for full service is on the cheaper scale of prices (I could be wrong). So if your just looking to pound away and get out, this may be an option. Also as I said, I message another girl/advert and they gave me the address for the same place. So my guess there are other girls working there and I may have just got unlucky with choosing a below average working girl.

Happy punting.


