Thread Title: Pink Nipples - Sunshine - 0426 448 773
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th February 2016, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: 
 Pink Nipples - Sunshine - 0426 448 773
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (0426448773) ??????????Looking for Playmates, Try My Pink nipples??Sweet pussy Pink nipples??Sunshne - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : daytime

Rates : $250 hr

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Petite with big bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided :   FS BJ

Value for money/recommend? : could be

My experience/comments : 

Was working out west and found a busty slim girl advertising in Sunshine so a couple of texts later I found out she was Asian and ticked all the boxes. Her English is limited and I was expecting DFK & oral on her but it was not to be.

She has a neat unit and looks were ok with a very nice body and bolt on's. She would be older than advertised but the pics are definitely of her. She was very nice and I had a shower then straight into business. Light kissing a cbj then straight into action. I asked about oral on her and she said oh no,no. It was only a half hour booking as are all my first ones, but it felt a bit rushed. She then gave a rather rough massage at light speed and then a shower together where she washed my bits. Then dressed and out the door.  

She has potential but I don't think I would return.

But if you are looking for a quickie and in the area and skinny Asian with big fake tits are your thing then she may be for you.

Joe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd March 2016, 04:32 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
firemanjoe you should always try to get and remember the provider's name. I gather she is a private rather than a shop?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd March 2016, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry about that. Yes she is a private but her english was limited or at least she made it out to be. every response was yes except when i tried to go down on her when i got a big No, even though when i asked prior it was yes. so i just went with the flow and didn't want to make it any harder than it already was.


