Thread Title: Pocky - William St, Melbourne CBD - 0468 457 359
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: giappsa
Post Title: 
 Pocky - William St, Melbourne CBD - 0468 457 359
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pocky

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 15/08/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??????UNIQUE service 18yearPOCKY, youngest offering DRAGON IN ALL MELBOURNE ?realVID?PICS??? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates : $150 / 30 minutes

Age : 18

Size/shape : Tiny and petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese, from Sichuan 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Most Definitely

My experience/comments : Feeling frisky after work. A quick search on the usual sites, and with a few back and fourth text messages - we now have a booking circa 6.00PM. The ad promised "real pictures", and whilst I'm never too confident in the sales pitch at a new venue I figured I could always just leave if it was some sort of bait and switch operations. 

Thankfully, the pictures are real. Pocky is an adorable little unit, opening the apartment door in exactly the same revealing uniform as she's wearing in the pictures. A quick shower and the formalities out of the way, Pocky asks me to lay down on my stomach so that she can give a nice catbath. Her tiny little mouth then lays delicate, sensual kisses all over - the warmth of her petite tongue licking up and down like a tiny paint brush. The feeling was surreal and unlike any other catbath I've experienced in recent memory - at once both sensual and mesmerising, inviting yet exciting. The smoothness of her skin was enchanting as she rubbed her body all over. Pocky was sending sparks throughout my body and I was loving it! 

We turn over, and I'm able to take in her beauty. Pocky is very petite, with not an ounce of fat and tiny, small a-cup breasts. She rides me on top while I kiss up and down her deliciously smooth body. She seems to enjoy it when I pay particular attention to her breasts, moaning delightfully in a cute, playful way. We switch to missionary, but not before I lick her all over while she squirms in soft delight. Random thought - Pocky reminds me of a young, tiny Asian Julia Stiles back in the day. Doggy next, and her bubble butt is gorgeous, with just the right amount of meat to pump away in comfort. I'm not close, so I ask to switch back to missionary so I can admire the full view of her body again. A few minutes later, the buzzer goes off and I check my watch - shit, I've been pumping away for a legitimate 30 minutes, time does fly when you're having fun! Still nowhere close, so I ask Pocky to finish me off with a HJ while I nibble on her nipples. By the time we're done, it's almost been 50 minutes - amazingly just the single knock on the door to call time sometime earlier (presumably by the other working girl and not the mamasan), but she did check her phone afterworks and there were a few angry messages from the boss. 

In all, a very enjoyable session literally right next to work. Decently priced with top shelf service and a gorgeous looking girl. Gentlemen, I think I may have found my new regular!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Look this mob have a couple of girls with Angel from singapore being reviewed recently.  There very young here, this girl does not excite me to be honest, nor did Angel.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: bigslo01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for the review 
might have to go have a look for myslef


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th October 2017, 04:47 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pocky

Establishment : PWL but part of a group

Date of Visit : mid Oct 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???????????POCKY baby DRAGON youngest offering???REAL VID&PICS????18yr OLD???????????E - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $150 / 05h plus $50 extra for DATY

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : petite, A cups, long hair, great skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure

Services Provided : finger nail massage, CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : ok / yes

My experience/comments : Recalled a positive review of Pocky and noticed that had moved from William St to Glen Waverley way. Was going to be in the area and am  more dubious about BP ad's in the suburbs so through why not. Had also noticed that Angel and Pocky seemed to be part of the same group. Easy texts to arrange, but not with the WL, as they can't usually speak much English so fluent texts not likely from them. Motel on Blackburn Rd, Burwood East. I see that Mew is now out there so might be 4-5 WL's with same group. Easier to drive right to the room rather than the long walk across the car park. Pocky answers door nicely dressed with high heels. Think I like about this group is that the photos are real and recent. Pocky is attractive and has a good attitude, at least better than Angel. Passed a clean towel out of a big suitcase full of them. Shower and onto the bed, P says face down, or indicates as not much English. P then does this very nice thing with light teasing with finger nails, legs, back, arms, between legs, then flip, then more of that. Was thinking I should extent and have more or that. Then the cat bath thing while I play with her very hot body and lightly brushing the pussy and kissing very nice small tits. On with dom for some CBJ. Brain stopped working and asked about DATY. 5 fingers. Ok. Pay later fine. Kneel by the bed and have a great time with a beautiful lightly haired pussy that tasted like strawberries. Probably from a dom. Back onto bed on my back, P mounted up in CG, great to watch and worked away from a few positions. Then doggy which was excellent and could of finished like that but wanted to enjoy the view so mish and finish. Was a very good session and it took a while for a raging hard on to subside. Always a good sign.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th January 2018, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: dave109
Post Title: 
 Pocky - Melbourne CBD - 0468 457 359
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pocky

Establishment : Melbourne CBD

Date of Visit : 13 Jan 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : wechat Minabb1997 - 0468457359

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $150 for 1/2 hr

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : FS 

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was in the city for a job, and finished early. Searched people nearby in the wechat apps and found this ads, they have about multiple girls advertised with pictures. originally i wanting to book kako but was told pocky is available instead and sent me the picture. I wasnt sure if she is real but decided to take a 1/2 hr punt anyway

i arrived at the hotel and went up to the room. To my surprise, pocky was real and even dressed up in the sailor outfit  like the sent picture. Now Pocky is a typical chinese student girl, petite and soft spoken girl. so i paid my due and went for shower. She was waiting for me outside the bathroom and led me to the room afterwards. She gave me a light massage and standard cat bathing. she asked me to turn around, put dom and started sucking. I quite enjoy her sucking skill, very gentle and tender suck. After a while, she took off her undies reveal small landing strip and started to ride me. although the view is very plain, but her pussy is very tight and i love it. I then went down on her, she was a bit shy so i decided to take it slow and geez she smells good down there - maybe no lubricants applied like other girls do. We then moved on to doggy style and finished off with missionary. 

We had a small chat, and her english wasnt so great. Apparently she is here for holidays and this is just her way of income. overall, a great punt and i will return for her.


