Thread Title: Quinn - Southbank - 0423 331 233
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th April 2019, 08:56 PM
Poster ID: Hapdangle
Post Title: 
 Quinn - Southbank - 0423 331 233
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Quinn

Establishment : Private.

Date of Visit : 16 Apr 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423331233
https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...-THURSDAY.html

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : from 100

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Petite - Perfect body Red head

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBJ CIM

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments :.On the way home from work I decided to stop off in the cbd to meet this gorgeous lil red head. I was wanting to get the fs treat but due to certain unfortunate circumstances, she was only able to provide oral services.   Still I decided to go ahead with seeing her. 

After getting the directions to her building in south bank, I let her know I was out the front, to which she provided the floor and room number. She varies location so I'm not providing it. On entering the room, this gorgeous woman, strips off without hesitation revealing lovely pierced nipples and a fantastic body. I would have loved to fuck her. 

After settling with the business. She proceeded to remove my pants and help herself to my cock. She goes at it without stopping for the entire duration, licking my shaft and rubbing my balls. She really seemed to enjoy herself, just working my cock until I couldn't handle it any more. I let her know I'm about to blow and she just keep going letting me finish in her mouth. She spits my load in the sink and comes back to clean me up and we chat for a little while, while she is sitting next to me letting me fondle her perfect lil tits. 

Once dressed she let's me know that she is only available for 3 more weeks before moving on, then gives me a  cheeky kiss before leading me out the door. I would definitely see this gorgeous girl again. And 100 for a bbbj with cim is amazing price from a little white girl


