Thread Title: Raylee - Melbourne -  0404 107 624
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2016, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: Winfield
Post Title: 
 Raylee - Melbourne -  0404 107 624
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Raylee 

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 26/2/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone: 0404107624
Raylee Young & Sexy - Melbourne escorts - cracker.com.au


Rates:$350 outcall 

Age: around 25

Size/shape: small petite, fake breasts, large c cup, fit body 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian, maybe Filipino

Services Provided: Full Service besides anal

Value for money/recommend?: after seeing her photos pop up a few times on cracker and backpage few times I decided to make a booking with her. Her photos she uses in her ad aren't hers, but I wasn't disappointed with the way she looks, she's very beautiful, nice smile and has an awesome body, obviously works out at the gym. Started off with an uncovered blow job which was very good, went to perform oral on her but she wasn't keen on the idea, also not keen on kissing either which I think takes away from gfe a bit. She then got on top and started riding me, nice shaved tight pussy, was long before I could feel myself coming on so I moved into doggy so I could slow down a bit, but still didn't last much longer.
After some small chit chat we went onto round two which is always good. Would recommend Raylee and I will book her again, she seemed a bit nervous at first, but was quick to warm up, and I think will be better next time we meet.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th May 2017, 05:37 AM
Poster ID: longreach74
Post Title: 
 Raylee - Melbourne CBD - 0404 107 624
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Raylee

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : apr 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404 107 624  Raylee - Sexy and sensual GFE - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au
Hours of Business : n/a

Rates : $300

Age : 27

Size/shape : short.petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : aus/asian, not sure which

Services Provided : gfe

Value for money/recommend? : so-so


finally, managed to meet with Raylee a while back...nice girl personality wise and intelligent. gig wise, no foreplay, has a routine whereby you shower, then meet in the bedroom and the biz starts, like I said, no foreplay at all. Would barely let you kiss her and it was no kissing after I'd been down on her, which she didn't like too much either.

BBBJ was average to say the least. Sex, well she enjoys fucking, and I made her cum, which is great, but she couldn't bring me to orgasm so I had to wank myself off. 

her fake eyelashes make it hard to tell whether her eyes are shut or open so you can't really tell if there is eye contact or not.

anyway, girl is barely 5ft, great body, but the scars on her boob job are quite significant, and she's not unattractive, just the typical girl next door.

good person to talk to and is intelligent...I get the feeling she isn't completely into this escort gig and just does it for a bit of extra cash.


I wouldn't repeat...I would if she upped her game, but I don't think that'd happen.


