Thread Title: Rebecca ? -  Upwey - 0404 575 956  (Locanto ad only)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th October 2013, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: ducati996guy
Post Title: 
 Rebecca ? -  Upwey - 0404 575 956  (Locanto ad only)
				
Post Content: 
I was working in Person's Name : Rebecca?

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 8/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 300/400

Age : 23

Size/shape : A little larger

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australia

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Kinda.

My experience/comments : 

I was on Melbourne for work and after a long dinner with plenty of drinks decided I needed some company.  It was well after midnight so I was sending sms to various ad's from different sites when I got a response from a girl who sounded quite good. She was an amateur who needed cash and wanted $300 for full service with deep throat. As it was late, I rolled the dice and suggested $400 inc breakfast. After a few back and forths with me explaining breakfast meant oral and sex on wakeup, she agreed. At first she said she had no cron flakes but could probably go to the local 7-11 and get some if that was needed. :-)

Not being a melbourneite, I had no idea where Upwey was so then had to travel miles to get to her so I didnt arrive until 2am which was a little annoying. She lives in a very small granny flat full of junk in Upwey at the back of someones house. She made it clear it needed to sound like we were just friends catching up on arrival so I stuck to the plan and parked well down the street. She came and found me with a torch. Nice faced young lady who says she has only been doing this a few weeks to make some extra cash. She has dyed red hair, some tattoos and piercings and looks like a typical University alternative type. Lots of angels and spiritual images all over the place.

As far as the business was concerned she was quite attentive. She really wanted to practise her blow job technique which was perfectly fine with me. Great kisser and really responsive for the foreplay. Not quite so energetic in the actual event but still pretty good. I really like having sex, then falling asleep then waking up with a warm body to do it all over again.

I did fall asleep, but got woken a little while later and had an empty bed. She doesnt sleep of a night so was wide awake and pottering around outside. As a large part of the attraction was the wake up I asked her to come back to bed. She said she cant sleep and really wasnt that keen on laying bed. So I made it pretty snuggling next to a warm body was part of the deal. Anyway that happened and I woke up a few hours later and got my wish.

She is a smoker which I really dislike but was happy to ignore this. She also kept the condoms in a draw on the far side of the room. This meant we would be in the thick of  kissing, touching  and oral. When the right moment arrived, she would jump out of bed, go around the draw, get the condoms and then come back to the bed. That was a bit of a pain.

Overall was an interesting few hours and I was off back to the other side of town at 7:30.

Sorry I cant find her ad or contact details but hopefully some Melbourne based punters will know who this is and link it up to any existing posts.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th October 2013, 12:58 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ducati996guy


I was working in Person's Name : Rebecca?
.
.
Sorry I cant find her ad or contact details but hopefully some Melbourne based punters will know who this is and link it up to any existing posts
"""



Nice review Duke guy.

Does this look familiar ?

"I know how to make you feel really good. I am really sexy you will love me. Contact me for more info. No calls Text only 0404 575 956 Shae xxx "


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th October 2013, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: ausnoja
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Contact advertiser  



Ad ID: 195965843  Sexy massages performed by a sexy chick - 25, Upwey


Hi my name is Bobbie and you will love what I do. I can give many different types of massages. I can make you feel so satisfied. Please text me and let me know what you would like me to do for you. No calls please only send text messages...My number is 0424 029 353 

Maybe this one ?????


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th October 2013, 02:02 PM
Poster ID: adventurous
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is the correct advert Fartichoke, Upwey isn't too far from me, so the post caught my eye, but I haven't taken the plunge. Ausnoja, the one you posted - I think it may be a fake locanto post, there has been a lot of that on locanto lately, someone posting ads with someone else's number on it, not cool. 






 Originally Posted by fartichoke


Nice review Duke guy.

Does this look familiar ?

"I know how to make you feel really good. I am really sexy you will love me. Contact me for more info. No calls Text only 0404 575 956 Shae xxx "


