Thread Title: Red - Melb CBD - 0433520166
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th March 2019, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: 
 Red - Melb CBD - 0433520166
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Red

Establishment : N/A (Bourke St)

Date of Visit : 20th March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ourne-CBD.html

Phone : 0433 520 166

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : 130 h/h

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Tiny Asian

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, CIM (alleged)

Value for money/recommend? : no/no

My experience/comments :

It's been a while since I've written "no" for a recommendation, but when you walk away from a punt saying "what the heck was that?", it's hard to write "yes".

The first part was simple enough, I texted her and she got back to me fairly quickly, a little back and forth with some not so good English, but she seemed to answer my questions and knew what I was asking. We eventually agreed on $130 for a half hour, plus $30 for BBBJ and $20 for CIM, and I walked on over (I picked cbd on purpose so I could do this).

When I got there we did the little "wait for apartment no dance" but it was again relatively quick, and I went upstairs and confirmed the girl that opened the door was the one in the ad (maybe a little less filtered, but definitely her). She let me in and this is where it all got a bit weird!

When I got in she was on her phone, which is fine I figured she was talking to other clients, but then she offered me a shower and stood tapping on her phone. I went and found the bathroom and showered myself (it was a mess) and then she came in and asked if I was clean, inspected and then put me back in for another scrub (she did it) and then handed me a towel. Ok, a bit odd so far, but anyway...

Back in the room, she is still on her phone, and takes her dress off whilst still tapping away. She motions for me to lie down face up (so much for a massage) and then proceeds to clean me thoroughly with wet wipes. Then whilst still tapping away, she leans in and starts sucking, until the phone goes off, at which point she sits up and gives me a hand job whilst typing a reply! Anyway, you can see where this is going, she multitasks between my dick and the phone for a while until I motion for sex, in which case she rolls on a dom, lies back with her phone in her hand and motions for me to fuck her! So I do, and then ask her to turn over and sure enough she texts whilst I do her doggy style! 

At this point it's getting stupid, so I pound for a while and then when I'm close pull out and motion for her to suck again. At this point she starts giving me a hand job, so I tell her to suck and she leans over and adds oil and then keeps on jacking me off. I tell her to suck it and she leans in closer and says there is too much oil (that's your fault honey!), so just leans close and I figure I'm getting a facial so I let it rip, at which point she looks up in shock at me and I realise she wasn't expecting that and I got it in her hair. She rushes off to wash it and I must admit I let out a giggle, she kind of deserved it. And then I cleaned up, headed back into the bathroom and got dressed, and then came back out. Unsurprisingly she was standing in the main room half dressed texting again, so I said "thank you" and she didn't even look up as she said "thanks" and went to her phone, so I just turned and left.

When I got downstairs I had to laugh. No idea what happened there, whether she was going out and squeezed me in, or whether she always does it, but it was a first for me fucking a girl missionary with a phone between us as she texts! Because I don't know if it's usual I can't recommend, I like my sexual partners to be a little more engaged, but maybe you all want to fuck a millennial so it's up to you! But for me I'm going to look for a different punt next time, maybe someone I have to call to make a booking (no texting!).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th March 2019, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mickthepunter, there are some Japanese porn films where a man is doing the job inside a girl who is staring at her mobile.  Some men would find what u encountered a major turn on. I  have waited a long time to read a review where a man is fucking a girl with a mobile to her face.

I take it during the doggy when she was multitasking it would be a bit much for her to have achieved orgasm?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd March 2019, 04:46 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She needs a millennial punter to give her a BOP, Blow On Phone.


