Thread Title: Ruby Ballarat 0416 081 232
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2017, 08:50 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Ruby Ballarat 0416 081 232
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby 

Establishment : Private Motel

Date of Visit : September 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : The Courier 

Hours of Business : Up early till late 

Rates : $80 - 30 min FS 

Age : 40

Size/shape : Pear

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : BBBJ and whatever else 

Value for money/recommend? : Should've walked 

My experience/comments : 

I was in the "Rat" early and whilst eating breakfast I browsed the local rag The Courier. Its always a habit to see if they had an adult services section. Surprising how many don't. Anyhow I found a dozen or so and texted most with one reply coming very quickly, ah she's up and ready for business. I quickly made a time in the next half hour and polished of my latte with the thought of getting my knob polished before I started work. 

I arrived at the appointed motel which was just near Sovereign Hill and as instructed parked at the rear. There was another guy driving around there that somehow looked like he was there for a punt. I think we must all give off some kind of pheromone when we're about to do the deed that lets other men know we are on the prowl. I digress.

A woman came through the gate as I was walking up to and she was on the phone and my mobile rang, punter identified, a good trick but left me almost no choice but to follow her.  I wouldn't have stayed if it was a regular venue or if the other guy wasn't lurking around, maybe he was the pimp or protection. 
Ugly ugly no, average at best but she was cheap and all I needed was a BJ so I followed like a puppy.

A 2 bedroom upstairs downstairs type unit, nice really and she lead me upstairs. As instructed I undressed and she returned and straight off with the clothes which made wish even more that I had walked. I am no oil painting and thats why I pay but this was a waste of money especially when she started her BJ. Her head was bobbing up and down like bouy in a severe chop on the bay but no feeling, so sensation of sucking she may as well used her hand. 

I did something then I have only done once before and stood up and face fucked her. Now that got me over the line. 
She was up for it and even pushed my hand which was on the back of her head harder when I slowed down. 

As I was leaving I noticed the other guy still there but out she came and took him inside. Still not yet 9:30 am.


