Thread Title: Sabelle - Fairfield - 0412 862 782
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2019, 09:45 PM
Poster ID: tomboy44
Post Title: 
 Sabelle - Fairfield - 0412 862 782
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sabelle

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 02/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0412 862 782

Hours of Business : Ring Sabelle

Rates : $400 per Hr

Age : 20

Size/shape : size 8 petite hourglass figure with D cups (Fake)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Arab/Latina

Services Provided : Full Service / GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Hell Yeah! Will def go back again!

My experience/comments : 

I had such a terrible week that I really needed to treat myself to a delicious treat and boy did I hit the jack pot with Sabelle. She looked perfect, so quickly shot her a text and arranged to meet up later that day for a 1 hour session. She was very easy to communicate with and super lovely in person. She greeted me wearing a sexy Red lingerie that elegantly showed off all her best features. A tight round arse and enlarged round breasts.  

Money was exchanged and her GFE service started off with some nice DKF, she tasted so sweet, her perfume made the experience even more amazing. She had such soft lips and encouraged me to ravage her to me hearts content. The next 15 minutes, I swapped between tasking her sweet lips and nibbling on her bountiful breasts all the while squeezing her sexy arse. 

Her moans were really turning me on and she slowly started to rub my cock before she dropped to her knees and began the most scintillating BJ. She is an expert at teasing it seems as I couldn't anticipate her next move, she had me on edge the whole time. Just when I thought she was going to do one thing, she would break away and do something else, constantly driving my senses wild. She eventually took pity on me and began deep throating me whilst handling my balls. I was on the verge of cumming so I asked her to stop so I can fuck her from behind doggystyle. A few minutes lates, I got her to ride me cowgirl and it was a magnificent sight. She was making sexy moaning noises as her big titties were bouncing up and down vigorously. She was so tight as she began to grind me even harder and faster. I felt like her pussy was strangling my cock haha ... felt sooooo damn good, and before I knew it, I was done and exhausted. 

Sabelle is one amazing gal and worth every dollar. I wish time had moved slower but the 1 hour flew by and I kissed her one last time and bid her a farewell with the promise to return very soon.

I was wayy too excited this first time around and I hope my 2nd stint I can take my time and savour every minute.


