Thread Title: Sally - Box Hill - 0451 794 739
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd October 2018, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: leonbrock23
Post Title: 
 Sally - Box Hill - 0451 794 739
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sally

Establishment : Service apartment

Date of Visit : 22/10/2018 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...54s7244451705/

Phone : 0451794739 

Hours of Business : 12am

Rates : 100- 20mins

Age : 30

Size/shape : Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : 6/10 not bad i guess it was ok.

My experience/comments : So another post from me is this time i am in boxhill for some grocery shopping today. I was feeling a bit horny and decided to see if anyone is in the area. So i checked the classifieds and found Sally, i texted her and 10 mins later got a reply. I was about to actually make my way to the city if she did not answer me within the specific time limit i gave her...
She told me the location and it was actually on the same street my friend lives on.... so i was flipping a coin if i wanted to proceed with this or not. I was like yeah im going i need this. So i drove there and walked up to the service apartment. same procedure, you get buzzed up and you knock on the door. I was hoping that she would be the girl in the photo, i already dealt with a bait and switch already 2 days ago.. so i needed this to work out well.
The door opened and the girl looked like the one in the photo except though that she was way older. I was like "i came this far, i should just go with it"
I paid her and we went straight to the bed. man is she wild though, takes off all the clothes fast and wanted to give the cat bath like a crazy girl. when she was done, she decided to even give a good BBBJ without even asking, it was sensational. After she was done, she put the dom on and rode me cowgirl style. After a good few jumps on me, she fell face down on me and kept pumping me while she was on me. her hair was in my face and it made it hard to breath but i was actually liking it.
She then asked can we do another position, so we went with doggie. She knows how to curve her body down...
id say when i was hitting her from behind, that pussy of hers started to tighten harder and harder and it was at that point that i felt i was at the verge of cumming. I didnt have time to give it to her on the back or anything so i just let it go in the dom while we did doggie. Man she is wild and worth the money. we def went over time because i know 20mins + went by heaps.
Good time and maybe if i am in the area i would give her another go.

leon


