Thread Title: Samantha - CBD - 0409 652 299
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2016, 08:45 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Samantha - CBD - 0409 652 299
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Samantha

Establishment : Private hotel room

Date of Visit : 29/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.backpage.com/Female...asure/26200837

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $200/30 minutes + smorgasbord of extras (all in the ad)

Age : 20s?

Size/shape : Large

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claims Canadian

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Rushed for time this morning, so it's more like a series of points only. I really really hate writing reviews like this. 

Key message is avoid unless any of the below appeals to you.

Keen to see a non-Asian for a change, and this ad appeared on backpage. Now when someone describes themselves as curvy, I'm not expecting Kate Moss, But nor am I expecting to understand what Captain Ahab encountered. This girl is large.

First up, when viewing the ad, be aware that Samatha has a number of tattoos. It's credit to the photography angles that in all of the photos you can't see any of them. If tatts are a turn off (they generally are for me), then no go here.

She started off with a kiss, and there was something funny in my mouth. Ah. She has a massive tongue piercing. OK.

Her BBBJ was very good, credit where it's due. We switched around for a 69, but the smell was overpowering and turned me right off.

She popped on a dom and mounted me. This is when it started to get weird. She was whimpering like a puppy that had been abused. I found it both odd and off-putting, and went soft. She hopped off, ripped off the dom and went BBBJ again, got me hard, reapplied the dom, and we went for doggie. Again, as soon as I entered, the whimpering started.

The whole thing was a poor experience. A strangely uncommunicative person, weird whimpering, bad smells, lots of tatts. If any of these appeal, then see Samantha. Otherwise avoid.

She's in Melbourne for another two weeks before leaving.

Dean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th November 2016, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tatts are indeed a tunoff, she can take some of the tattooed  female sunbakers down at St.kilda beach with her too.


