Thread Title: Sarah - CBD - 0450 095 669
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 08:38 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Sarah - CBD - 0450 095 669
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?22YO TAIWAN'S Hottest Wholesome BUST 22YO 38DD Teenager has UNFILTERED Selfies Verified VIDEO? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $100/15 or $150/30

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Little bit of a tum, saggy but nice D cuppers, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC, said from Taiwan

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : 

Got dicked around by someone else; this WL said I have a friend just around the corner who is free, so I got her number, texted her, and away we went. A couple of photos got sent through (including some that are in the ad), and I am happy to report that they are accurate photos. Due to time constraints, I wasn't sure if I wanted a quickie or half an hour, when I got there I was mesmerised by her tits and long legs, so opted the 30 minutes. Quality of English was excellent too, not a translator app in sight.

In short, I got an stunningly attractive woman in her mid 20s with a better than average body and a very attentive approach to providing service. We had DATY, 69, DFK, Spanish, CBJ, sex in multiple positions and even when her buzzer went off she said she would give me a few more minutes. I ended up coming as we were doing doggy facing the mirror. She is heavily into watching herself get fucked in the mirror.

Can recommend and am keen to go back for a second serving. Sarah said she has just arrived and expects to be in Melbourne for a couple of months.

Attractive, good service, not a clock watcher, what's not to like?

Dean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th August 2017, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Are the photos in your link accurate?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th August 2017, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mikemelb


Are the photos in your link accurate
"""



Yes, they are. At least they are as of the time of me checking the link just prior to the timestamp on this post.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th September 2017, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah or Cecilla

Establishment : Private Apartment down near Southern Cross Station ( just moved)

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?22YO TAIWAN'S Hottest Wholesome BUST 22YO 38DD Teenager has UNFILTERED Selfies Verified VIDEO? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $100/15 or $150/30 or $200 for 45 minutes and $250 for hour

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Great size titties suggest nice Ds saggy but still nice!!! About a size 8 with a little bit of sage but still good shape. Not as thin as in th epics they show you

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC, said from Taiwan

Services Provided : FS. BBBJ. DFK, Cat Licking, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : 

I went to her building after receiving the text with the relevant instruction, place is super easy to find and get to, as it is close to Spencer Street station public transport is best.  After going through some entry doors buzzed in after putting in her room number into the entry key pad,  off into elevator and pressed her floor.  Upon arrival at her door I didn't even need to know so she was obviously watching through the keyhole,  love a girl who is keen !!!!
She hides behind the door as I enter ( makes me nervous initially when they do that as you tend to think they are fakes) however as I turned around to greet her, she was standing in high heels, in a short ( super short) black mini skirt wiht a blue shirt that almost could not hold back her huge titties!!!
She greeted me with a warm juicy DFK kiss, took me into bedroom and asked how long, I stated 45 min after enjoying a wonderful DFK from her,  she sends me to shower so I undress, give her the $150 and head into shower, a couple of minutes later she is helping me dry off as we head back into bedroom, she undresses while continuing to kiss me passionately and using lots of tongue,  if you like tongue and DFK man she will give you as much as you want.
 We kiss for a bit while I use my hands to explore and she doesn't mind, I start to gently finger her and she gets nice n wet and appears to be enjoying the experience as I am. Then she over down and starts cat licking me and kissing me as she moves down to where the action is. Then she proceeds to suck and lick my balls so wonderfully like an ice cream you have been waiting to get your mouth into.  Then up to my shaft and then she proceeds to take me into her mouth fully. OMG she likes to give Head and does it so well.  So I just enjoyed the journey while she continued to suck me off and slurp away, eventually coming back up to me before popping on a condom to then slide down onto my super hard cock that just wants to pump into her like a jackhammer to concrete.  I eventually drop my load inside of her and she looks like she wants more as I hadn't had a chance to go doggie on her and I think she was looking forward to this.  I say next time as I am spent and have enjoyed the experience,  I go off for shower, she helps me again and then I kiss her and out the door.   I remember her from almost a year ago when she was at Milano apartments before she moved to her new location today..

Great time had!!!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th September 2017, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: veinlk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah or Cecilla

Establishment :  Private Apartment down near Southern Cross Station

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450095669 (sorry couldn't find the ad on bp anymore)


Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $450/2 hours

Age : 30s

Size/shape : natural Ds, a bit saggy and quite a bit of tum

Nationality or Ethnicity : Said from Taiwan

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV. Personally, most likely not

My experience/comments : It's been a long while since I last punted, reading Dean's and Goldfinger's reviews were motivating enough to book Sarah/Cecilia (didn't actually catch her name) for two hours.

Texts from booking to finding the place were clear and well written though I am quite certain they were not from Sarah. Upon finding the room I was greeted with a decent looking lady in her 30s with a busty black top and short white skirt. First impression I had was that the pics in the ad were not hers, but she was decent looking and friendly enough for me to stay, and I was frisky anyway. 

Before I go into details, I would like to state that I am Asian, and I can speak Chinese. I think these facts did come into play later in the session.

With the door closed, I told her the same and she began guessing my ethnicity. We chatted a little bit more as finance was sorted out and I undressed for a quick rinse. 

We started with DFK and there was lots of it like Goldfinger said, which was great since I love DFK. Basically hugged each other and kissed for 5-10 minutes or so. She then moved onto licking the nipples while teasing my member and balls with her fingers, I was just playing with her tits. Moving down, she gave my cock a few casual slides between her boobs and asked whether I want a CBJ, I told her that BBBJ would be great...though I had no money. She responded that she would give me a free one and went to town with it.

BBBJ was awesome, whole lot of sucking, licking, a bit of deep throating and certainly plenty of balls teasing. I was contemplating whether I could CIM when she stopped, dommed up and started riding. Well, it was more like me thrusting from below since she didn't move too much. We were DFKing the whole time and I came a few minutes later. A bit more DFK and we just sort of lied there...I was close to falling asleep!

First shot over, she suggested a massage, I said why not. The massage was unfortunately quite weak and forgettable.

A few minutes later, I turned over and she started teasing the nipples and balls again. We then went into a very, very long session of DFK (15-20 mins maybe) and there was almost too much tongue, I was also somewhat dry humping her and she responded well with her own movements. Honestly, that was the best part of the session. Then it was more teasing on the nips and balls, leading to another great BBBJ. Dommed up, went with missionary this time and I blew it after a few minutes. Checked the time, still had about 50 minutes to go!

For some reason, we talked random stuff for the remaining time. I think I could have gotten a third shot but I was kind of spent already. 

We talked...and talked...and that was it.

That's the reason why I stated that I could speak Chinese - I am fairly certain that you won't be able to hold a relatively more complex conversation with her in English. 

For those that love DFK, this might be a good punt considering how eager she was in tongue kissing.

For me, I think this might be my final punt and final review! As thrilling as it is, punting is too financially straining for me, and possibly affecting me mentally as well. Anyhow, I bid you all goodbye and the best of luck, happy punting.


