Thread Title: Sarah - St Kilda - 0413 637 769
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2017, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: Hardhat144
Post Title: 
 Sarah - St Kilda - 0413 637 769
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Private - cracker ad - Aussie Babe - Hot - Fit - Blonde - Melbourne escorts - cracker.com.au

Date of Visit : 18 may 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 637 769

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 250 30min

Age : late 20/early 30's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : australian

Services Provided : full service / GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, great service

My experience/comments : I initially booked the lovely Sarah for 30min but ended up extending to 90mins. She is highly addictive!
I went to see her at her place as I had a friend staying at mine, she was welcoming & her place was clean and in an easy location.

As I'd only booked for 30mins she ushered me into the shower quickly as there wasn't much time. When I got out and entered the room she was there in a robe, looking all delicious and I already knew I would want to extend. So I asked if possible and she said of course & said lets see how we go if I wanted. After a bit of a nice sexy massage with lots of touching everywhere from her body onto mine we started to get hot & heavy, I knew time would be running low so I suggested I pay for more time now so to not ruin the moment. She said it was fine & I could fix it up at the end.

I asked her about BBBJ and she said it was extra but ok, so I added that to my bill too... She teased me a bit kissing my body, my nipples, going in real close to my cock but not actually touching it at all, it was exhilarating! When she finally wrapped her plump lips around my cock I didnt know if I would be able to last at all I was so worked up.

She gave me a good deep BBBJ and could read my body well, she seemed to know just what to do to keep me hard while not letting me too close to cumming. I went down on her & was so surprised that she was so wet & juicy. Boy did she taste good, not ready to stop having her sweet pussy in my face we did 69 for a bit before I fucked her hard doggie style (with condom) until I came. She seemed to enjoy herself almost as much or more than me. I wouldnt of picked her to be such a sexual person as she doesn't give a lot away in that regard but man, she was so wet & tight & amazing. Totally going to have her again, and again and again


