Thread Title: Sasa  - CBD - 0431 681 610
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2019, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Sasa  - CBD - 0431 681 610
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasa

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Thursday 28 March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : WeChat ID Hana3302  285 Latrobe street CBD

Phone : I dont have phone number all my contact has been on WeChat

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : Full Sex 30 Minutes $130

Age : 25 -30 I would guess closer to 25 than 30 but who knows?

Size/shape : Fantastic body very attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese or Korean, I will go with Korean.

Services Provided : Full sex Daty CBJ Fingering.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, great body, great tits, very attractive, friendly accommodating girl, GFE. Let down by lack of English.

Have been getting WeChat girls sent to me on a daily basis from a few operators in the CBD. This one lot in particular seemed promising. The girls are always photographed in sexy revealing costumes but for me, the $130 is usually way too high.
Despite the $130 price tag there was one girl I eventually decided to have a crack at, Sasa.
This place is not far from my work, I had an extended lunch break so I contacted the mamasan on WeChat and booked Sasa, saying I would be there in 15 mins. Rocked up, usual entry procedures as for most of these apartment girls, no problem in I go to the floor/room number they sent me. Sasa actually answered the door. Took me into a small bedroom walked past a screen where the other girl was obviously sitting. I was surprised to see she was easily recognisable from her WeChat photos, unusual but good to see for a change. I was impressed.
Sadly, her English was non-existent, everything was done through her phone using a language translator. She even used it to explain to me about showering. Anyway paid the money and stripped off and showered. Came out and Sasa had stripped off to reveal a fantastic body with very nice tits, as per the video mamasan sends through WeChat moments. No doubt this was the girl from the WeChat moments, I was very impressed.
After some mutual playing I was starting to get hard, she saw as this as me being ready so pulled out a dom, and gave me a CBJ. But I was nowhere near ready so I motioned to her to stop, got her to lie down on the bed, and motioned to her that I was going to dine at the y.
She was ok with this, and so was I as if anything helps get me up and running it is daty or fingering, and it worked.
She actually had a small bush which looked as it had not been cut, or if so not overdone, nice neat little natural looking hairdo down below, very rare, they are usually fully shaven I find.
I started licking and kissing the flaps and the clit. She responded by using her hands to pull back on the flaps to better expose the clit allowing me better access. After a while she grabbed my hands, put them on her tits and made me squeeze the nipples hard, and she was soon very wet and I was up and ready to go.
I motioned to her to adopt the doggy position, started giving her a good fingering from behind, she was wet and ready.
Eventually I entered her and slowly fucked her until I exploded and filled up the dom.
Using the phone translator I indicated I wanted another shower. As I was going to the shower the other girl who was on, who had been sitting behind a removable screen when I first entered, appeared and spoke to sasa. That girl is named as Mini on the WeChat moments, and she looked just as good in real life as she did in her photos, small girl, wearing a brief top and a sexy mini school dress.
Mini is still appearing in the moments and was available today as I write the review, but I have seen that the girls don't seem to stay on the roster longer than a couple of weeks, Sasa has already disappeared. Mina has been advertised for at least 2 weeks so if I want to see her I will need to do it soon.
Great punt with a sexy, very attractive young girl with fantastic tits. The punt was spoiled a bit by the lack of English and use of the phone translator. Usually this punt would be way overpriced for me, however I will keep an eye on the roster and next time someone exceptional appears, I may have another crack. Based on my one time experience at least what you see in the WeChat photos/videos, is what you will get at the apartment as opposed to Locanto, Skokka etc.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th April 2019, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After contacting the operators at this place I can now supply a phone number for bookings - 0431681610.
Like has also written reviews on Yoyo and Kiki which are also from this same place but another number provided there.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th April 2019, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: McCauley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review but I can't find them on WeChat with that username, can you double check that thanks again 

Sent from my ONEPLUS A6010 using Tapatalk


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th April 2019, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by McCauley


Great review but I can't find them on WeChat with that username, can you double check that thanks again 

Sent from my ONEPLUS A6010 using Tapatal
"""



That wechat id is Hana3302. I used it it to connect to them recently after buying a new phone as I did not have a phone number for them at that stage. It worked I found them.
Use the numbers above to contact them it may be easier, or use the numbers to try to find them on wechat.
I just checked on my wechat contacts the wechat id is Hana3302.


