Thread Title: Sasha Snow - Melbourne - 0478 894 609
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2015, 04:34 AM
Poster ID: gijon
Post Title: 
 Sasha Snow - Melbourne - 0478 894 609
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha Snow

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : September 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478894609

Hours of Business : Weekdays

Rates : $450 p/h

Age : 26

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : GFE/PSE

Value for money/recommend? : BIG TIME/TOTALLY RECOMMEND

My experience/comments : Sasha arrived at my place on time and when i opened the door i was blown away by her appearance. She looks exactly like her pics online. Anyway, we chatted for 5 mins and then made our way to my bedroom. Sasha made me feel so comfortable i couldn't wait to get close to her. Sasha is amazing and she genuinely loves sex. Everything i was hoping to experience with her happened plus some. I can't wait to book her next time so guys do yourself a favour and treat yourself to a session of pure classy yet filthy hot sex. Definetly up there with one of the best escort experiences I've had to date.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd October 2015, 08:09 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your review gijon...nice find 
Maybe you could divulge some details of the GFE/PSE? Thats what this Forum is for.....

Sharing is caring


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd October 2015, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: gijon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Growing up as a teenager i watched a lot of porn (as we all did) and you would hope that some day you could find that certain someone to play out your fantasies with just like some of those porn stars. Sasha is exactly that. Im a shy guy and i may take longer than other guys to feel comfortable with hot looking women. Sasha makes u feel awesome, she's not selfish and she demands to play out the fantasies u want. Her BBBJ was awesome, had to tell her to slow down or else but i promise you she was not backing away if i blew my load. I licked her gorgeous pussy and ass for ages. I may have missed the spot at first but she guided me to her sweet spot. Then it was time to cover my mate and i started with some doggy, which then moved to side. She is so lite that i began to grab her and hold her while i kept on pounding her from behind. She grabbed my hand and started playing with her clit while i was pounding and with the sounds of her moan i had to slow down. This chick is fucking awesome. She asked me how i wanted to finish and i said "BBBJ" please and she replied with "i was hoping you would say that. Off came my mate and she started to suck and spit and gag and she said "tell me when ur cuming" which i thought she's going to move out of the way. To my surprise she went harder and i exploded in her mouth and she kept going until i had to tell her to stop because my buddy was getting sensitive. Then i ran out the door. Just fucking with you. We talked, with the odd kiss here and there and then she said bye and i said ill see u again for sure....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th October 2015, 04:54 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Holy damn, her pictures look hot. TODAY & TONIGHT


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th October 2015, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by milkyjoe


Holy damn, her pictures look hot. TODAY & TONIGH
"""



Fuck yeah! Stunner, another for the list


