Thread Title: Savannah Stone - Melbourne - 0450 569 994
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st February 2012, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: 
 Savannah Stone - Melbourne - 0450 569 994
				
Post Content: 
Mortal Kombat - Did Out Training Prepare Us

Background - Both Competitors Are Martial Arts Disciples

The challenge was made. A time and place was agreed. We had both been training hard, as this was really going to test our abilitys. With no referee to be seen, this was going to be a no holds barred match up with boundaries negotiated. Savannah arrives with her bag of weapons. With our weapons chosen, the bout could commence.

The first arena was right at the door. Savannah got an early start and jumped me as she walked in. It was on!!! She got a leg lock on me as she climbed up on me. I managed to ride it out as we moved about the place. Savannah had another trick up her sleeve too A choke hold. With her tongue down my throat.... She really does have a grip this girl, though I wasn't deterred and managed to break free. We wrestle and grapple, moving from arena to arena, neither of us getting a clear foothold.

We find our way to the Wet Arena, and under running water. With us both saturated, the bout goes both ways. The tongue hold continues until she uses the hold elsewhere. She gets a grip on me and is really sucking the life out of me. I can barely contain myself but eventually, I manage to get a hand up in position and she squeals in pain/pleasure. I have used a surprise hold that she could not resist and her body language shows she may be surrendering. She does seem to soak it up in her stride, and with much grace, ensures she gets the most out of it. We were not totally ready for the water sports, and some moves were out of bounds, but for the moment, it wasn't missed.

I lure her with wine and treats into the Kitchen Stadium. Savannah has droped her guard and while she is drinking the wine, I had her leaning over the kitchen table and slipped in my treat. She yelped with lustful surprise and moved back on me. We didn't foresee this position coming like this and we could have easily lost control in the heat of the moment. I tried to pin her down, but she had me weakening at the knees. She does manage to slip out of my hold, and shoves me back into a chair, and pins me with her whole weight. She continues to hold me down while using her talents on me. She has been practising this move and it is showing.

With a struggle, I manage to stand, and countered her maneuver with a hold of my own. She is now at my mercy as I have a reverse hold on her that she can do nothing about but to ride it out. I take a firm hold of her hips and with many more yelps of pleasure, she seems to be done for. Then out of nowhere, she slips free, and in a quick movement, gets her arms around my neck and clamps her legs around my waist. She thinks this is a finishing move, but it seems to go in both our favours. She bucks and rides. Clamping her legs tighter and tighter. We move about the stadium like this with neither of us showing any weakness. So it seems we have to concede to each other.

With a new arena decided on, the Entertainment Lounge, we continue with maneuver's and holds. Savannah uses her tongue hold on me again, and once again, is sucking my life essence away. She knows this move does weaken me and continues till I'm nearly beat. I manage to get us into a Yin Yang to at least even up the playing field. Then in a quick movement, she pins me down and with her legs and beats her hips into mine. She uses a variety of angles and strengths. Grinding slowly and firmly to quickly and franticly. But from this position, I begin to get a hand up again, and the tables are turned in my favour, and I'm able to thrust from below. I maneuver her onto her knees and from behind, insert my weapon into her. She seems to like this though, and before I know it, is thrusting back onto me.

In what seems like a blur, we go through many moves and holds, with both of us getting the upper hand on many occasions. She engages her tongue hold many times, and nearly brings an end to the round. I get her pinned on her back, with her legs on my shoulders. This could be all that is needed to bring an end to the bout but there is still much more energy left in us. Savannah engages the Lotus position, and I counter with the Jockey. and with much effort, this seems to be all that is needed to finish us both off. With clawed hands, she rips at the sheets as we reach the peak of our crescendo. And with that, the bell rings. End of round 1...... We both collapse in a heap, still in each others arms. The mood is tender between rounds.

During the break, food is served, drinks filled and energy levels raised. By no means to the levels they were at the start of the bout, but indeed a boost.

Then in a sly move, round 2 begins. Savannah has begun what is now becoming a famous Tongue Hold. Before I have a chance to react, she is intent on removing all the energy I had regained. Once again, sucking the life out of me, I can do nothing but try to resist being totally drained. She really has the upper hand now, and takes advantage of me by saddling me again. She bucks and heaves as she thinks she is now in a winning position. But I catch her unawear and manages to counter her dominant position. I get her on her feet again, and from behind, take hold. With my weapon reinserted, she is now on the receiving end of some moves of my own. And I wasn't holding back at all. It was punishing!! And her moans and groans did indeed confirm that. But she is indeed quick.

She slips free and before I know it, has her weapon in hand. She almost has me worried now, as it looks dangerous. About 4 inches long, with a small round handle on the end. But what she didn't expect is when wielding a weapon, that weapon can sometimes be turned on the user. And that's exactly what happened in this case. With a bit of fiddling, manage to get the vibrating plug inserted, and with my weapon at the ready, get that inserted too. Well, what happens for the next few minutes was certainly a sight to behold. The yelps, the sweat, the intense movements. It was very close to a finishing move. With both weapons working their magic on her, she was very nearly beat. We slide to our sides and take hold. I have her on her back again, while using my weapon from the side. This is also having the desired effect, and we are both running low on energy. She somehow gets out of this and with impossible speed, has locked in that Tongue Hold again. But this time I'm ready for her, and while baiting my time, plan for my counter.And counter I do. I get her on her stomach and engage the Jockey again. It sure worked to end round 1, so stands to reason it should work again. And it certainly does have her at and over the edge till she really is struggling to move.

So in a weak moment, when I think I have it won, she surprises me with amazing speed and agility, and wouldn't you know it, that tongue hold. With the assistance of her hands, she has me pinned and is doing as she pleases. And its working. Just at that moment, the bell rings for the end of the 2nd round, and indeed the bout. We are both completely spent, and indeed cant continue, well not tonight anyway. We are both utterly broken. 

There has been no clear winner tonight, so we have had to re-schedule for another chance to find a winner, though I think we have both won this night. And I believe the same result will be nearly expected in out next bout. We adjourn to the Wet Arena for a bit of relaxing and smother each other in soap and tender touches. Its all we can really manage at the moment. With all the action of the bout behind us now, we will indeed see each other in a new light.

So with another bout set, I see her to the door, back to where it all started. And with a smile, a very broad smile, she makes her way back out into the night. We are both really looking forward to the rematch, and no doubt, our training regime will have to be stepped up a few notches to counter what ever we have planned for each other.


Thank you Savannah for a most enjoyable evening. We had a great laugh and a HEAP of fun. Your natural personality shines through as always. You are a lot of fun to be with.

Rupe


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st February 2012, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Did you use a finishing move. I like Johnny Cage and Raiden.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st February 2012, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: act
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What an awesome review. Thank you!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st February 2012, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So... You fucked her?

Lol. Kidding. Great review.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th February 2015, 12:16 AM
Poster ID: ronallen
Post Title: 
 Savannah Stone
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Savannah Stone

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:20/1/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Savannah Stone | Private Melbourne Escort | Savannah Stone

Rates:$600

Age:30s

Size/shape:very petite height, C breasts, pocket rocket

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Fantastic.  GFE plus, gorgeous, really into it

Savannah was my first escort eperience.  

She is very light-skinned, obviously not a suntan person.  Longish relatively straight brunette hair.  Figure as described in my original post--very petite, curvy, with muscles underneath.  Nice C size breasts (augmented, but not overdone; if you hunt up old images of her she had very small breasts, now they are nicely balanced with the rest of her curves, and if you did not know they were augmented it would not be obvious.  Met me at the door in nice lingerie, Sat down on a sofa to briefly discuss the session, slowly started making out with a couple of light kisses which developed into fairly serious DFK.  After a few minute she suggested I might want to get more comfortable and showed me to the shower.  While I was showering, she moved into the large bed in the adjoining room, and when I emerged, she beckoned me onto the bed and we started up where we had left off, making out but now I was nude.  I was a bit shy about trying to progress past that stage, plus I was really enjoying it, so after a few minutes she suggested taking her bra off.  I helped her with that, then spent some time admiring her breasts from up close and personal.  They are nice handfuls and very pleasant to both fondle and kiss and lick, and her nipples respond very nicely to some attention.  Again, after a couple of minutes she suggested it might be time to go a bit farther, and I slid her panties off and dropped them to the side.  I am not going to go into minute detail about what happened next, but I love giving oral and she loves receiving it, so there was quite a bit of time spent doing that, in a variety of positions.  She came several times during our time together from my oral attentions.  She really gets off on being rimmed as well, and it is very clear that she is serious about that, which is good as I enjoy rimming as well.  She also obviously enjoys nice straight-up sex, in a variety of positions, including variations on cowgirl, which I really like for the view.  Watching her beautiful bum bouncing off me in reverse cowgirl is a sight that still gets me going thinking of it now.  As our time was getting short, at my request she sat on my face and let me do some more oral; I was slowly wanking myself and lost it unexpectedly and at my age that is pretty much that for me, though I still enjoy giving head and kept that up for a little while.  After I was cleaned up we had a cuddle and a chat for a while, then (well over official time) I was sent back to the shower and dressed.  We had a big hug and kiss on my way out, and I am definitely going to see her again, next time for a dinner date.  

The venue was clean, reasonably spacious, and relatively well lit, which I like--I like to be able to see whats happening.  The shower and bathroom area was clean and all possible needs (deodorant, I'm pretty sure there were even spare toothbrushes, etc.) were there for use.  

Her rates are not low, but if you can afford them, I think she is well worth it.  She really came across as a very nice genuine person as well as very hot and ready in bed, and I'm looking forward to getting to know her better on our next meeting.


