Thread Title: Savannah - Melb CBD - 0433 661 636
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2019, 11:54 AM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: 
 Savannah - Melb CBD - 0433 661 636
				
Post Content: 
first published on PP 16/3/19
Person's Name : Savannah

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 16/3/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...jg45258541305/
Phone :0433661636

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $350ph

Age : 19

Size/shape : slim size 6 to 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie but has a Swedish look

Services Provided : full service bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Unfortunately﻿ for me these days it has been a little hard to get out punting due to the missus being a little suspicious. So after a few failed attempts due to different﻿ reasons, the stars finally aligned and I managed to steal half hour to see the lovely Savannah. She was in the CBD and I even managed to sn﻿ag a free parking spot on Londsdale St. It has been a while and I was a little anxious to meet her. So after the usual messages, I wait﻿ed in the lobby for her to arrive I’m the lift. When the door chimed and slowly opened I was very happy with what I saw. Savannah is an ﻿absolutely gorgeous blonde with flawlessly tanned skin plump lips and gorgeous blue eyes. Very Swedish looking. A hot little pocket rocket. She was very friendly and easy to talk to which put me at ease. In the room I had a quick shower as I’d come straight from work and I entered the bed room where she was laying in wait in just her underwear. Wow! I got o﻿n the bed and we chatted a bit before she got up and kissed me with those gorgeous lips. Not much tongue, my only disappointment, but still passionate. Then she took me in her mouth and deep throated me and the next few minutes were a blur. In this time she removed her underwear and I couldn’t keep my hands off her beautiful body. After a while she stopped and lay back and spread her legs ready for me to return the favour. The sight of her gorgeous pussy lips, each bi﻿g enough to suck on, just the way I love them. I began my patented method and it wasn’t long before she was moaning. You can never tell if it is fake at the start but after a while longer there was no doubt at how much she was enjoying it as she wouldn’t let let my head up for a﻿nother 20 minutes until she finally came with 2 fingers inside her hips raised high grinding into my mouth and my other hand holding and clenching her hot tight little bum. I continued to kiss the rest of her body including her pretty little hand full of boob and sucked on the pierced nipple of one. Then it was her down for blowjob no.2 before slipping on a dom and climbing aboard for some cowgirl. She would fuck me and then slam down on me stopping to make sure I wouldn’t cum yet. After a bit of this, and don’t forget in only had half hour, she lay on the bed legs up in the air waiting for me to enter her again. The sight of her beautiful body and gorgeous looks as well﻿ as her lovely labia wrapping themselves aroun﻿d my shaft with each stroke was eventually too much for me and I finally came. We kissed and cuddled and she asked if I wanted a shower. I checked my watch and I had been much ﻿more than half hour (no clock or mobile watching) so a quick shower, a kiss goodbye and a rush home in traffic.
Now if I can only get those stars ﻿to align again 