Thread Title: Sayuri - Melbourne CBD - 0406 003 742
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2016, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: asd__001
Post Title: 
 Sayuri - Melbourne CBD - 0406 003 742
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sayuri

Establishment : MEL CBD

Date of Visit : 21/3/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  
?? Horny Juicy girl Sayuri from Japan in CBD ?? ? CIM ?BBBJ ? Low Price?? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com

[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]0406003742[/COLOR]
Hours of Business : talk with girl

Rates : $230/hr

Age : 30

Size/shape : silm size6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japan

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : recommend

My experience/comments :
There are hundreds of ADV update on backpage.com everyday, but as we know there too many fake photos on it as well, especially Asian girls with very low price. 

But this one is definitely true. I can not believe it at first, she is looks sexy, and it seem to like true photo after I google image them, 230/hr is really cheap as well. So I text to her and got reply very quickly. When I saw her I confirm that her photo is totally real, but she looks not young as 26yo as claim on her AD, I think she is 30+, but she is still pretty and take good care of her skin, when I touch her feel very smooth and fine.

Now is part of service, after shower we start with kiss, she prefer lip kiss then French kiss, is OK for me, I like kiss her body more. When I open her lags I found her pussy is very clean and smell good, looks like she take good care of her pussy as well. After I kissed her, she has totally be turned on, now is her turn to kiss me and turn me on. I have to say she is not so skillful as her age, but she work really hard. When I put my dick into her pussy, It feel so tight and wet to I doubt my estimate on her age.

After first shot, we talked for a while. She said she have language course at Melbourne until June, then she will go back Japan. If you want her pls in hurry, she wouldn't be here very long. Her English is not very well but basic communion is fine. Later we naturally kiss together, I want one more time. However it has almost 1 hour, so I plus another half hour. This we did longer time and she got orgasm many times, finally we got orgasm together. It is my bast sex in last half year. So I recommend her here, may be she not very young, but still pretty and nice, and only 230/hr, then why not?


