Thread Title: Seeking Arrangement - Steph
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: zeke
Post Title: 
 Seeking Arrangement - Steph
				
Post Content: 
It's been a very long time since my last review but have just recently became active again. This one is from a girl I met through the seekingarrangment.com site. I won;t post her mobile number is she only gives it out after you contact her from the website however I recommend against it, see below

Person's Name : Steph 

Establishment : Private, incall this time

Date of Visit : Nov 1027

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : skyeboo96 on seekingarrangement.com

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : Varies, like with all the ladies on the website it's a negotiation, I got sucked in for $200

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian/Sri Lankan background however has been in Australia all her life, speaks with an aussie accent

Services Provided : As little as possible

Value for money/recommend? : No, not at all, was terrible

My experience/comments : Seeking Arrangement can be a great place to meet someone wanting to have some fun on the side, as always there is some sort of negotiation that takes place. Sadly, whilst Steph is a gorgeous girl it was a terrible experience. I had originally made contact with Steph over a year ago but for various reasons we weren't able to make a time to get together. Then recently she contacted me out of the blue and asked if i was still interested. She explained that she no longer wished to see her regular arrangement guy. I had a bit of time so why not, after various discussions we eventually agreed on a time and place (the place turned out to be her parents house in the Outer Eastern Suburbs, I discover that they are at work, not my ideal situation).
Once inside and after a bit of a chat off comes her clothes, now Steph has really nice smooth dark skin, she's only little, both in height and body size but has the most amazing D cup breasts that are a lot of fun to play with. At this stage I'm thinking that this is absolutely awesome so I remove my clothes and I'm already as hard as a rock. 

She then looks down and says 'Oh'.

I reply with 'Oh...what?'

'You're too big, it won't fit'

FFS...so I put on a condom and we start with her on top and she only will let about 2 cm's go into her. I'm just average length but I do have reasonable girth, so I suggest doggy. she agrees and gets on her knees and.... fuck me dead she has the hairiest arse I've ever seen! It seems the shaves the puss but she's unable to reach around the back. 

So i try with doggy and once again I can only get the head in, with a lot of noises of pain from her. This just isn't enjoyable at all so i put a stop to it and suggests that she gives me a BJ. Nope, won't do that.../sigh

So I try sucking her tits again but it's just not working, so I put a stop to it, say my goodbyes, get dressed and left.

Nice girl but she really doesn't enjoy sex at all and it's clear she's just desperate for cash. Never again


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How long was the $200 session zeke?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th November 2017, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Id be asking for the money back or at least half


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th November 2017, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Do you think mum & dad know what is going on ?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th November 2017, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: zeke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


How long was the $200 session zeke
"""



Just under an hour, however with many of these arrangements the time is pretty relaxed. If she is enjoying herself then the sessions go for longer. Steph was happy for me to stay longer but I just wasn't enjoying myself






 Originally Posted by copul8er


Id be asking for the money back or at least half


The thought definitely crossed my mind. In the end I put it down to an expensive learning opportunity, I was pretty disappointed but I didn't want it to turn into an argument. 






 Originally Posted by pancho


Do you think mum & dad know what is going on ?


No, I don't think so, but who knows. I'd be pretty surprised if they did.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th November 2017, 09:27 PM
Poster ID: Sdbsdbsdb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this site worth signing up for?


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


