Thread Title: Seleena Swan - Melbourne (CBD) - 0407 059 960
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2011, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: funone30
Post Title: 
 Seleena Swan - Melbourne (CBD) - 0407 059 960
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Seleena Swan

Establishment (if applicable): Private Melbourne

Contact Details/Address: http://www.privategirls.com.au/seleena.php

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Contact for availability

Prices: 1 Hr $350, 2 Hrs $600

Age: 35ish

Size/shape: Size 10-12, Busty, Tall, Leggy.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services: Dfk, Daty, BBBJ (YMMV), Sex in various positions.

Value for money/recommend?: Highly Recommended

My experience/comments: I met Seleena back in mid 2010. I am a newbie here hence posting the review now. Back then I was looking for wl providing gfe in melbourne. I came across few exceptional reviews for Seleena. Booking was easy over the phone. I specifically asked for kissing to which Seleena said its the most important thing and there would be no intimacy otherwise. I agree and I booked a 2 hr incall.

The day finally arrived and I was knocking on her door. The door opened to reveal a tall and beautiful Seleena wearing casuall top and jeans. I was welcomed in offered a light beer while she made herself tea and we settled on the couch for a get to know session. Seleena is a lovely lady and she put me at ease right away. We had a great conversation for abt 20 mins. 

When I finished the beer, she grabbed my hand and led me into the bedroom.. She took off her clothes and kept the bra and panty on.. She is very busty and you would enjoying playing with her boobs. She helped me out of my shirt. We were standing close to each other and soon our lips met, the tempo gradually increased and i found my tongue exploring her warm hot tongue and mouth. We stood there kissing for an eternity while i cupped her ass cheeks in my hands.. She felt that and asked me if I was an ass man to which I eagerly said yes. She then got on the bed, turned around, went down on her knees and stuck her sexy bum for me to salivate on.. i moved closer and shifted her panties to the side ..god the view was heavenly. I bent down and gave her asshole a quick lick ( i like rimming but for some reason at that moment i did not proceed any further).. She then turned around and as I stood at the side of the bed, she pulled my pants and boxers down to release my half hard tool.. I was happy to receive a positive comment from Seleena about the size.. 

I soon laid down on my back on the bed and Seleena was over me and we kissed again. She is a fantastic kisser.. She quickly kissed down to my rock hard tool.. gave lot of attention to my balls and then it happened. I was expecting a condom soon but to my delight she took my tool into her warm mouth and gave me a sensational bbbj (i am not sure if she has bbbj as standard in her service. it may be ymmv). Soon we got into a 69 and she smelled and tasted great. After 10 mins of this, the condom was on and she climbed on top of me. I could not hold for long and soon shot a load all the while we kissed passionately.

We continued with our conversation in the break while we cuddled into each others arms. Round two begin with lot of kissing again. She notice me look at my watch (not sure why i looked) and asked me if i had another appt to meet.. I replied no to which she said "Good, I am not letting you go untill we had sex in the doggy postion" .. I wanted to make her cum so proceed down to lick her ..Seleena was happy to guide me as I concentrated on her clit.. and soon enough she climaxed.. She was sensitive for some time after that.. Time for doggy and i found myseld banging away with a great view of her spread ass cheeks...unfortunately i was unable to cum.. it was back to lying on the bed and I pumped myself while she passionately kissed me. I did not cum though no idea why.. Soon it was time to go.

That was one of the best experiences of my life.. I actually paid her then rates which was $500 for 2 hrs.. Been wanting to go back since and I am still waiting for the right opportunity to come by.

Seleena is a sweetheart and I recommend her highly.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th February 2011, 02:42 PM
Poster ID: Buckland Boy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great to hear that you had a great time with Seleena. Good review mate, I will be looking for her if I get to Melbourne.


