Thread Title: Selina & Yuki - Melbourne (CBD) - 0431 258 948
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th January 2013, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Selina & Yuki - Melbourne (CBD) - 0431 258 948
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina and Yuki

Establishment : Provate Apartment in Lt Lonsdale St (legal precinct)

Date of Visit : 25/1/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431 258 948, ad on locanto

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $80 for 30 minutes sensual massage, plus $50 for FS

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Selina -- slim B cup. Yuki, slim, A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC (despite Yuki's name she was Chinese)

Services Provided : Nude massage, HJ, FS, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : After my crap session with Candy before lunch, decided on trying something nice after lunch.  After a bit of delay on the texting, finally got to meet Selina. Had been advertised as a nude massage with bodyslide, 45 mins for $120. Asked for a 30 minute rate, was told $80 -- which seemed proportional if nothing else. The apartment itself reeks of cigarette smoke, the bathroom has not been cleaned in a while, so I was initially dubious. Selina showed me into a room -- she was dressed in a very nice black cocktail dress, and I noted her friend in a fetching blue number. It's nice to see the WLs dress up, even if it doesn't last for long.

My session with Selina started with kissing and cuddling. She was having her period, else I could have got FS with her. Lovely tits, albeit small, and she responded fabulously to some caressing and LFK. She was clearly in the mood for FS, so go her colleague Yuki to come in and do the FS for an extra $50. Selina hung around to watch, and join in with a bit of ball fondling whilst I was plugging Yuki. Yuki was nice and tight; I was banging her doggie whilst sucking on Selina's tits and Selina's hands around my balls. Doesn't get much better than that!

I withdrew from Yuki and rolled off the 'dom. Selina lay down next to Yuki and jerked me off and I spattered over the pair of them.

I got the full 30 minutes, and for $130 thought it was pretty good value. Keen to go back and root Selina -- she's lots of fun.

WIR/can I recommend? Yes, absolutely.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th February 2013, 11:19 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina

Establishment : private operator

Date of Visit : 14-2-13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431258948 / worked form an apartment in Elizabeth St.

Hours of Business : 10:00 am to late

Rates : $150 hour nude rnt + $50 fs

Age : 20's

Size/shape : size 8, slim build, short hair, b-cups, little hairy pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : rnt + fs

Value for money/recommend? : fs was not too shabby

My experience/comments : Still on holidays in Melbourne, I was feeling a little horny on valentines day and seeing a lot of hotties walking in the city wasn't helping. So after a quick look at threads here, decided to try this place. Now, the session almost didn't happen due to communication misunderstanding. The girl on the phone spoke terrible english and the outside traffic noise made getting location details difficult. Also, the front door to the apartment building was jammed and wouldn't open. What made it worse was that she got really cranky and downright rude because I couldn't understand her shitty English. Bitch. Being soured before even getting to the meet/session, a smart man would've just cut his loses and walk but I was already there so what the heck. I finally got to the apartment and was greeted by bitchy-lass but fortunately she wasn't looking after me and got Selina instead. Into the room, financials sorted, I'm on the bed with her giving me a massage. Strangely, Selina would be the first young lass that I've had a session with in a while since I've been on a MILF craving of late and her tight slim bod was a welcome sight and her short hair was also a turn on. I found her massage to be so-so but that didn't last too long and soon I was running my tongue all over her smooth body. Selina didn't offer any kissing but I DATYed(tasty&clean) her for a bit which we both enjoyed. I got CBJ after getting her to cum and that was lovely and brought it home with hard and fast doggy. All in all, it started out a total shit-fuck but I held my guns and was warmly rewarded.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd April 2013, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: kidd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
are they still around? didnt get any reply when i msg


