Thread Title: Serena - Melbourne CBD - 0447 637 703
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th March 2015, 06:23 PM
Poster ID: caesar13
Post Title: 
 Serena - Melbourne CBD - 0447 637 703
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Serena

Establishment : Apartment, 408 Lonsdale St.

Date of Visit : 11/03/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...-CBD-area.html

Hours of Business : 10am - ??

Rates : $150 / 30 min

Age : Mid/Late 20's

Size/shape : Slim, B/C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage / CBJ / FS

Value for money/recommend? : Close call, probably will not go back though.

My experience/comments :
Been seeing this ad on Locanto for ages and have never seen a review on here, so thought I would check it out and report back. Her SMS manner is best described as terse. One word replies. took about 10 messages to get her to tell me ROUGHLY where she was in the CBD. Finally once I said I'd book in she sends me the address.

Rock up and SMS her and she shoots through the appt number and gets me to buzz in. There's a second layer of security on her level and I had to give her a call to come and let me in. Serena is the girl pictured in the ad. She has a good body and an ok face.

Anyway - I get in to her appartment - first impressions aren't good. It's a mess.. just feels dirty in there, and the place stank of cigarette smoke. She walks over to the couch and pats the seat next to her for me to sit down. We get the financials out of the way and she then undresses me and heads over to a futon with a single towel on it. Bit of exploring goes on and then she offers to start things proper with a CBJ. This is pretty good - she's done this before. I get pretty close and figure I'm going to have to change things up or it would be a very expensive 4 minutes. I ask her to stop and then we move through a few FS positions. Start in mish, then doggie, and back to mish but with her legs around my neck. Finally I let myself go about 20 minutes in. The rest of the time is spent with a crappy back massage.

I get myself up and notice I've dripped a bit on the towel. I go to the bathroom and as I'm coming out, notice her straightening it up for the next guy. Did not change it.

She would have been about twice as good if the place was a bit nicer, didn't smell like smoke and she changed the towel.. probably will not return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th March 2015, 02:56 AM
Poster ID: Cove23
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. Her body looks pretty good in the ads. It doesn't seem that she cares too much about hygiene. Last thing you want is laying on a towel with someone's sweat & cum on it.

Do you know if she offers DFK, DATY or 69?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th March 2015, 11:27 AM
Poster ID: caesar13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah she does have a nice body.. She also offers the services you asked about, it's an extra charge for that according to the SMS she sent me pre-meet. I didn't ask how much. The cigarette smoke was enough to put me off asking.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th May 2015, 09:20 PM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Serena

Establishment : Apartment, 555 Flinders St.

Date of Visit : May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...-CBD-area.html

Hours of Business : 10am - ??

Rates : $150 / 30 min - $250 / 1hr

Age : Mid/Late 20's

Size/shape : Slim, B/C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Korean)

Services Provided : Massage / CBJ / FS / 

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Hi punters, she is now located at the Apartment block at 555 Flinders St.

I didn't see this review as I just signed up recently.

This week, had some stress I had to release  jumping onto Locanto ads and started sms'ing those who is offering FS to see any was available in the morning/midday. My txt send out was at about 8am in the morning, I sent sms to 4 ads, Serena was the first and only one to reply just before 10 so I thought, what the heck.
Unlike caesar13 review, my sms conversation was a bit less, I asked if she was available this morning and her price as I wanted 1hr session, her ad already shows the price but wanted to confirm, she said $250 FS and I get to cum twice (nice). I confirmed and she gave me the 555 Flinders St address, my booking was at 12:30pm.

The apartment block was easy to get to, the front entrance you need to be buzzed in, but when I got there, I just followed someone in, waiting at the foyer, I sms her to say I was here, she then asked to punch in her room number and she will let me up to her floor. Since I was already in the foyer I had to exit and buzz her from the street.

Knocked on her door, Serena answered, I had to pause and think, surely this cant be her, even though her pics doesn't show face, yes she had a fine body but I was expecting something ummm, better to look at when doing the dirty? To me, the looks department was a 4/10. Normally I'm not too fussed on the looks department but maybe the stars didn't align and I was being picky that day.

She showed me in and the apartment was empty, I was like WTF? just a mattress on the floor with a desk on the side, the bedroom wasn't even a bedroom, it had a partition with drape system on rails in ceiling where you pull to make a room. Smells really bad, looks like her pimp just randomly hires out apartments around the city, at one moment, I thought I was going to get mugged!My good side says just to decline and leave as this will not turn out good, but I thought, I'm here might as well hand over my hard earned $250 for the 1hr.

It was shower time, when to the bathroom, fresh towels on the bench, undressed and popped into the shower, the shower head was blocked so couldn't get a straight stream of water and its all over the place so tried my best to wash down. This experience wasn't getting any better.

When I got out, it was her turn for the shower, once she was done, I laid on my stomach, she started with a massage, which was not very nice, a 3/10. It was too soft, even though I asked for a more harder massage, but it was still soft, using cheap baby oil, that didn't really help. While she was massaging me, we had a bit of a chit chat as I like to chat to make them feel comfy. After 10 minutes things started to move into the swing of things, playing with my sack from behind and teasing with the little fella. At this point I was hard as a rock, then on the flip, she started sucking my nipples and rubbing her hands all over me and then starts a nice and slow hand job which was nice. Then out came the condom and starts to give me a blow, I must say, yes she has done this many times before and I give it a 8/10. While she was blowing me, I played with her pussy and tits and start rubbing on her clit and fingering her, she was getting excited. All in all I was having a great time, don't want to sound rude/mean, but she wasn't doing it for me that day. Since I paid for the hour, better make the most out of it, while she was still blowing me, I asked her for a 69'er and she was ok, so I got to eat her pussy, at times I had to tell her to stop as I was about to blow, after a few minutes of this, I finally gave way and blew my load while she was blowing me. By this time I didn't know how much time had passed, ok not a problem, well play some more, wait for my little fella to get hard again and go for the sex, to my disappointment, my fella didn't want to get back up which was a first. So I asked for another back massage, it wasn't doing it for me again, so I asked if I could massage her, I have been known to give great massages, after giving her a great massage which she said she really liked. I asked her for the time and it was only at 45 minutes. Then I said, I'm ok to finish now, which she was ok with, popped back into the shower and left the apartment.

To sum it all up, Serena has a great body, does a good blow, not sure about the sex, didn't get that far as my fella just gave up, on the face department my mind was set on something a little better to look at so that would explain my poor performance, will I go again, probably not.
For those that want a shot with Serena, if the looks department is not of a concern, then she might be for you, she does offer 69, lick pussy (sorry for not using the correct terms, not up to par yet) which she didn't charge extra for so maybe other stuff is on offer as well if you ask. All in all you will have a FS, that day wasn't my day.

Regards


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th May 2015, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
good old 555 flinders, ah that brings back some memories.


