Thread Title: Seven- Doncaster 0470660286
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th March 2018, 01:24 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Seven- Doncaster 0470660286
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Seven

Establishment : Private apartment 

Date of Visit : 18/3/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0470660286  Tram rd Doncaster  Do you like a THREESOME? We do! And cheapest price... - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am till later

Rates : 130$ 30 mins

Age : " tell u next time"  Mid 20's at a guess

Size/shape : Size 7 c-cups nice saggy ass, trimmed pussy, long black hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysia

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not too bad

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Have been seduced into the Box hill side of Backpage again.  Texted these people Sat night, got back right away, booked for 12pm Sunday.  Turned up early, wanted to get in early, and at 10.15am was told that would be ok so 10.30 it was.  Parked in officeworks, they told me to park there, opposite  black white and gold colored apartments.   

The usual buzzed up,an asian cleaner went up with me and i was slightly worried her may know what i was up too, but this mob told me they moved in here a week ago, there apartment last one down the hall, there very tricky at where they position themselves hehe.  Met a girl who looks like one in the photo, did not like, there was a girl outside of balcony, wanted to meet her, did so, no makeup, liked the look of her face, she was wearing grey jeans and a blue and white jumper.  I decided to book her, she took shower, then returned wearing a blue bodysuit like outfit, with aeroplane emblem on the top. It resembled a wrestling tights outfit.  The outfit turned me on for sure.  Her slightly saggy ass cheeks now looked wonderful in this outfit.

I hugged her, as she replied to a text message, told me to lie down.  English not too good.  She took a swig on listerine, then wiped my penis.  Hmmmm Bbbj? She put a small prostrate thing over her finger, and then went to finger my ass as i lied on my back.  "  No no it's ok i said".  She then grabbed a four seasons and started sucking.  Great suction, nice moaning this went on for a few mins, then she got out of her outfit, and put another one on, a see through white top, with these huge white socks going up to her legs.  She took off her black bra, lovely big tits, see through the outfit.  I still preferred the other outfit.  She then gave me more bj, and i was close to cumming such was her wonderful technique.

We then did some intercourse, mish first went in easy, lots of moaning, felt really nice, then a change to doggy. This felt fantastic, the end where the head of the penis, felt like she was clenching her muscles just in that area. I was close to cumming, but i stopped and asked her to put that blue bodysuit back on and suck me in 69 position.  She did put outfit back on, but wanted to give me oily hj instead.  " you only have 30 mins time running out", and we had used 2 condoms, she changed between bj and intercourse.

She lean't up as she pulled me frantically, using a bit of dirty talk, i asked her to spread legs, and put covered privates in my face.  Bit of confusion, then i pulled to one side, and she was very forceful in telling me " no finger or lick".  This was basically it for me, i just lost the enthusiasm here. But she would not give up trying to get me off, i had to rip her hand away so i could save my orgasm. I had a desire early on to root her with the outfit pulled to one side, but it was a little too tight.  I had planned to meet some other girls in Box hill later on and decided i did not want to be empty.

I would actually recommend Seven, she is a nice enough girl,hard but fair as they say, she is a nice root, and her Bj was fantastic.  The ease at which i was able to communicate with these guys was second to none.


