Thread Title: Sexy Redhead - Western Suburbs - Contact via Locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2015, 03:09 AM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: 
 Sexy Redhead - Western Suburbs - Contact via Locanto
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sexy Redhead

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : October 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_574551064/SexyRedhead.html

Hours of Business : anytime depending on her real job commitments

Rates : $200half $300hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK BBBJ FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Been looking for local talent now I've transferred back to the west. Have seen a couple but I admit its hard for me to return as I do like the thrill of meeting someone new.

Came across an ad for a young redhead and I do love redheads (yes its natural) http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_574551064/SexyRedhead.html

Sent her a message, got her number and organised to meet.

Sorry I have forgotten her name, Maybe Jayden?? not sure but she also strips for Maxines occasionally. She was very petite and very bubbly and I felt comfortable with her instantly.

Anyhoo, lots of French kissing oral on me, oral on her then she rode me, grinding herself into me until she came. Love when they do that!!.. I paid $200 for half hour and was never rushed. It was all very relaxed.  She is outcall only but will car meet if that's your thing.

She is a lovely girl so please treat her nice. She is 25/26 but appears and acts a lot younger.

Probably will have to see this one at least one more time.

Joe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th October 2015, 07:43 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto ad....





			
				hi boys im a petit red head with a rocking bod!! I know how to have a good time and im not a fake bitch!! hit me up if you wanna have some dirty fun ;p (safely) $$ out-call only western suburbs preferred
Ad ID: 574551064  SexyRedhead, Melbourne - 26


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th November 2015, 03:47 PM
Poster ID: firemanjoe
Post Title: 
 Jayden
				
Post Content: 
Well I said I probably would and I did.

Saw Jayden, Yes confirmed her name, for a second time and had just as much fun as the first time. She is well worth seeing if you like young, fun and petite redheads.  

Kissing was nice and she tasted lovely once again. She really enjoys being eaten out btw.  

oral on me and then once again rode the fuck out of me until we both had cum. 


Great girl.

Joe.


