Thread Title: Sexy Latin Girl - Melbourne CBD - 0402 095 897 SMS
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 12:04 PM
Poster ID: signaut
Post Title: 
 Sexy Latin Girl - Melbourne CBD - 0402 095 897 SMS
				
Post Content: 
Evening gents,


Was just wondering if anyone's been with this lady before in town? She says she got back from holiday but I would've known if I've been with her since I try to get with a lot of Latino escorts that advertise (I have a thing)

If any of you have any information about her then please spill the beans! Otherwise I'll just TOFTT this arvo and see how she goes. The link to her ad is below for your viewing!


Sexy Latin Girl is Back. Curveous and delicious Teaser and Lover with a Magic Touch - melbourne escorts - backpage.com


EDIT: Sorry, forgot to add the number in the title!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: signaut
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Backpage ad,





			
				Hi! 
Back from holidays and batteries full recharged!! Do you have any secret fantasy? Would you like to try the hot and sexy style of a South American Girl...? This can be a moment of a lifetime and we can make it a moment to remember!! 

Im 1.71m height, brunette skin, dark hair and brown eyes,big juicy boobs, soft skin and a big smile, all together just for u, looking to please you... 

I will put a bit of the magic that all Latin girls have to make you feel our beautiful hospitality. Offer a private place on CBD, with all facilites. Work Friday to Monday from early morning to midnight (between 7am to 12am) Don`t ask for bookings after that (we all need some rest)... 

Offer different services, from a nice teasing erotic massage for $120, 1hr, natural oral ($140, 30 mins) or the full package ($150, 30 mins or $200, 1hr), I can offer anal services on enquire. You can add some erotism with a nice massage (erotic nude, Nuru, Lomi-Lomi), nothing as the smooth and sexy touch of a woman  Other enquiries or special request please call or text for information... you can ask for special lingerie, customes, positions, etc as an upgrade of your booking 

I`m keen to listen your poposal... I will offer a nice sexy massage, a teasing foreplay, a nice chatting with me, even a drink and of course some nice lingerie to enjoy the whole experience.I enjoy kissing and playing around and expect to get it back from you!!

Let me know what you like, I'm here for your pleasure! E-mail or text for further info(0402095897) Working Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday!  
Please don`t make me waste my time if you are not interested in a booking. I do not answer private calls!. Keep a nice chatting and I will offer a kind service 
Poster's age: 22

• Location: Melbourne, Melbourne city

• Post ID: 5000050 melbourne


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your post signaut.

No reviews that I can find.

Fill your boots if you are inclined and post a review - on the template please.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 02:13 PM
Poster ID: adventurous
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen her.  she is Sofia that used to work with Heidi and co, the chicks who have an arsehole for a manager. I'm not sure if she is still working for him, but my assumptions are that she does, just advertises differently to the way he used to, obviously to get the clients in, they all still work for him is my thinking. Anyway, so I rock up at the address given, get buzzed in, and have to wait for her to come down and get me. After 5 minutes she co Es down in the lift, I'm not impressed by the body, good enough face though. Not very talkative in the lift, I try to stay upbeat though, her tits are quite nice to look at. Into the room, finances out the way, and I'm in the shower.  Done, into the bedroom and Julie,  as she now calls herself has stripped to lingerie, less impressed now.  Well, so we hop onto the bed, boys, FUCK, this girl tries to shove her tongue into my lungs with her kissing.  Seriously, she gave new meaning to deep throat with her kissing.  I let it go lay out, figured it can only get better.  Played with the kitty, while she stroked my cock, she gets very wet.  A bit of f rubbing of the kitty  my cock, tits in my mouth, she does know how to play with a cock, that's for sure.  Eventually she moves down for bj, WOW, an awesome BJ. Now this is the deep throat I was hoping for.  Julie alternates her sucking, licking, head play, shaft play, she enjoys sucking cock, plain and simple. She has a her gag reflex well under control, and took me in deep many times, keeping my cock in there while I'm thrusting up and down.  When the time came, I wasn't sure what her modus operandi was,  so I made sure she knew that a eruption was imminent, it was a quite a big load, and she kept sucking, wanking and deep throating me to until I was dry, she took a moment to compose herself, then looked at me with a ....... smile.  Not a drop was seen, anywhere. I had a shower, and we said our goodbyes. Probably would return if im hard up for a BBBJ. Her pussy felt seriously tight, she was wet and I struggled to get 2 fingers in there, but other than the awesome BJ, nothing else really did it for me with her. 

Sent from my GT-P5220 using Tapatalk


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: bosun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
are the pics in the ad really her

thanks


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th September 2014, 09:45 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is she in the CBD?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th September 2014, 10:52 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mikemelb


Is she in the CBD
"""



Mike, Just give her a SMS on 0402 095 897 and ask; if she is and you have interest have a punt and give us a full Review using the Template.

PS the advert below says she is.


