Thread Title: Skinny Juicy Lucy - Melbourne CBD - 0458 857 682
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th September 2014, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: ants
Post Title: 
 Skinny Juicy Lucy - Melbourne CBD - 0458 857 682
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lucy 

Establishment: Melbourne CBD, txt to arrange the time and place

Date of Visit: 22/7/14

Contact Details: 0458 857 682

Hours of Business: Ring Lucy

 Rates: $120/30m

Age: Mature

Size/shape: very skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian/Chinese

Services Provided: Massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend?: Only if you are desperate


My experience/comments:  

I found Lucy in locanto. The pics she posted were great. Couldn't wait to give it a go.

Booked her for a quick half an hour during my shift break.

When I get to the apartment she was ready in her robe. She is one skinny WG with glasses and long face. I was thinking whether I should've just cancel the whole thing, but I gave her the benefit of a doubt.

Went in to the bedroom and took off all my gear. She went in the room shortly after.

She asked me to lay on my tummy and she gave me a massage which felt like a rub. I think she knew that she wasn't any good at it anyway and start to body slide and licks. After 10 mins, she asked me to turn around. She put on a condom on my little fella and started to give me a CBJ. Every minute or so she would spat the condom smell or something to a tissue. Not a very classy moments there I can tell you. 5 mins into it she started to riding on my little fella and said it was extremely hard, the way she likes it.

Not even 5 mins in riding on my cock, she pulled the pussy out and asked me to give it to her from behind doggy style. I lost my interest looking at her skinny, bony body but I obligated to fulfil my consumer right by giving it to her from behind.

I suppose they all come in different shapes and sizes. 

It's up to you whether you choose to take on the challenge.

In this case, it was a bad one. I won't contact her again, so shouldn't you.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th September 2014, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ants


Person's Name: Lucy 

Establishment: Melbourne CBD, txt to arrange the time and place
.

"""



Thank you for your review ants.

Please would you post Lucy's Locanto ad ?


