Thread Title: Sophie (aka Bondi Barbie) -  Abbotsford - 0478 084 573
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd January 2016, 12:07 AM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: 
 Sophie (aka Bondi Barbie) -  Abbotsford - 0478 084 573
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Dec 15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478084573  Hot Blonde Tight & Wet **available now in melb**0478084573 - Melbourne escorts - cracker.com.au
Hours of Business : ask - evening for me.

Rates : $500 / hour

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Size 8, c cups, long hair, tanned and very sexy - see ad pics.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

 On a whirlwind visit to the southern states and felt the need to treat myself to a late Christmas present.  Unfortunately it appeared that most of the lovely WL's that I attempted to make contact with, were on holidays or not responding and I was running through locanto as a last resort when I stumbled across Sophie's ad with unblurred photos that captured my interest. Subsequent communcation was swift and I had a booking an hour after my initial contact.

It was a present worth waiting for. I was pleased to see that Sophies pics were 100% accurate. She is a very attractive lady - slim, toned and tanned with some enhancements that suit her overall manicured appearance. She was bubbly and professional and made me feel welcomed and comfortable with her small talk.

A quick shower and we were into the bedroom. Sophie's style is more PSE than GFE although she preferred light kissing she seemed to prefer a bit of manhandling and firm contact elsewhere and she loves to suck cock which was evident in the way she treated me to at least 20 minutes of oral, spitting and gagging and face fucking herself before we sealed the first session with her legs over my shoulders encouraging me on. I didn't need a second round even though it was on offer.

I left feeling on cloud nine after a truly enjoyable and relaxing booking and thanks to Sophie ended the year on a high. No doubt I will definitely look to revisit with her the next time I'm in Melbourne.

H
						



 Attached Images


