Thread Title: Stephnie -Meb CBD- 0451 593 616
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th December 2017, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Stephnie -Meb CBD- 0451 593 616
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Stephenie

Establishment : Private Appt

Date of Visit : Early Nov

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
23YO LOCAL ASIAN ?????????? ???? ??????? ANAL? Yes - Great English, D-CUPPED, Classy & Raunchy ????? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au 

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250 p/h

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


So this time around i thought I tried an ad which had great boob pics and claimed to be aussie born.
I mean surely if the girl were born here, they would be a bit more reliable right? 
Set up the booking and the usual quick response with some pics thrown in for good measure.  

Not too much dramas on that front and i rocked up to the moment of truth. 
The first thing that crossed my mind when she walked in was "Ah Christ, faked pic again"
Yea i know, most of you are now yelling at me for not turning around. But she was very nice during the booking and seem to have a nice attitude.

So I persisted. Strangely enough, She asked to nude up and wait on the bed. She ducked out into the next room / lounge to sort some stuff out.
I heard some beeping, so must be texting her pimp the "ok" and perhaps setting the timer. 

Walked in talked a bit and straight into the action with the good old cat bath. Usual drill of going to CBJ and then acg (asian cow girl 
I normally can last a while, so it wasn't long she asked what other position. So we changed, and i sort of judge that she was getting anonyed. 
Pumped hard and then decided to drop the load. After the nasty was over, she cleaned us up and chatted while lying next to me. 
A bit of a gfe I suppose until she fell asleep O_o Took me by suprised there because she just started snoring (not loud but in a cute way I suppose).
This girl must be overworked or had a real late night. Not sure. I musted have finished rather early because it took a good 15min before the alarm sounded and she woke up, smiled and asked if she could have a shower, took one and got dressed. Did the old time check it and it was about 50min in. So the alarm must have gone off at 40 - 45min mark which I am finding out that it is the usual setting for most of these ladies for a 60min booking. She does offer a 45min session which in hindsight what I should have booked. 

Summary:

- Boobs: Average. Not full or round and had a little bit of slack. It fits perfectly in the size of your plam / hand. 
- Ass:      Nice! Not a bubble butt but she has a wide-ish waist which was pretty cool for an asian.
- Service:  A little low on stamina and did not try as hard compared to some to keep the session going. Attitude was nice and pretty chatty as well making you feel welcome. 
- Face:  Was a bit underwhelming at first. But then after a while, she reminded me of Lucy Liu which helped a lot during the session  She also seem to be of mixed Origin. I did probe her about it  but she did not confirm or denied. 
- Overall: It was an okay time. If she stepped up the service department a bit, it would have been a good punt. But I suspect she must had a rough night. 

She indicated that she floats around and travel.


