Thread Title: Sue - Melbourne - 0416 490 575
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th April 2014, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: AsiansRule
Post Title: 
 Sue - Melbourne - 0416 490 575
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:"Sue"

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:5th March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Locanto/0416-490-575

Hours of Business: 10am till late

Rates:$350/hr

Age:23

Size/shape:Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Full Service, BBBJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Amazing time, highly recommended

My experience/comments:

After 12 months of random brothel attendance I was looking to establish an ongoing relationship with a private operator who could offer in-call services at her venue. After surfing Locanto.com.au for a bit, I was drawn to an ad featuring a young lady known as "Sue" (I'm doubtful as to whether or not this is her real name).

I sent a text message as directed in the ad and received a response shortly thereafter with details of what was on offer, pricing etc.

The pictures on Locanto were extremely appealing and the speedy response was encouraging and I booked the lady on the spot for later that night after work.

The venue for the night was on the 28th floor of a CBD apartment complex which featured a secure front door/lobby that needed me to buzz Sue and she then opened the door. I went straight to the lifts and caught the lift to the correct floor, Sue had provided me with the apartment number which was directly opposite the lift which was convenient.

I knocked and the door opened immediately so I assume she was waiting there for me to avoid embarrassing scenes if other residents happened to come by.

A gentle red light bathed the room, the curtains were closed and I was greeted by a fantastic looking Asian girl with long legs, long hair and a killer smile. She introduced herself as Sue and we exchange some small talk about how nice her apartment was and how excited I was to be visiting. We then took care of the finances and I was shown to the bathroom for a shower. After I got naked in her shower she came into the bathroom and put a fresh towel on the towel rail and then left me to finish the showering process. The bathroom was small but quite high end in its fittings. Like all these studio apartments her washing machine was also in the bathroom and was running throughout my shower.

After the shower I emerged with a towel around my waist to find Sue waiting. She was still dressed in her fancy lingerie and heels and motioned for me to come over towards her and stand at the end of the bed. After a standing hug/embrace she dropped to her knees, pulled the towel off and grabbed my semi erect cock with her hands. She took my now rapidly swelling member in her mouth (bareback!) and started to perform a slow, rhythmic blowjob with just the right amount of tongue, suction and finesse. She put her hands on my butt and thrust my cock into and out of her mouth while gently squeezing and kneading my arse. She was an expert BJ giver and after only a minute or so I had to pull my cock back out of her mouth as I was in serious danger of exploding one minute into the hour booking. I have received many BJ''s in my time, but this was by far the best.

At this point I got her to stand up and take her top off which she did. She revealed an amazing set of natural breasts that I felt compelled to start playing with right away, gently stroking, caressing, licking the nipples one at a time. I then took a seat on the edge of the bed and continued to play with her tits while she stroked my cock with her hand.

Once I had sampled her amazing chest to my satisfaction I stood up and got her to lie on her back on the bed. I removed her lingerie and g-string and immediately plunged my face into her completely shaved cunt. She tasted sweet and wet and I ate her pussy for a good 5 minutes or so before moving her right up the bed onto the pillows. At this point she was nude except for her black heels which is a real turn on for me. I was now at the point where I could resist it no longer I told her that I wanted to fuck her, she made me lie on my back and again took my now rock hard cock in her mouth (bareback again).. she started a porn style BJ and I lay back entering a state of bliss. All of a sudden she mounted me and took my cock in her now gushing wet pussy, I freaked out momentarily (SAFE SEX!!) but then realised that during the BJ, she had used her mouth to install a condom on my cock without me even noticing!! Those are skills I haven't seen often.

We then tried a variety of positions, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, missionary, side on, doggie, sort of a wheelbarrow type of position as well her sitting on my cock in my lap while I sucked her tits.

After about 10-15 minutes of fucking her extremely tight, hairless and super slippery pussy, I exploded in the condom, the sweat pouring off me.

She then made me lie down with my head in her lap (she was still naked) and gave me the most amazing head/shoulder massage which almost put me to sleep. There was something amazing about my head resting on her pubic area, the warm moist pussy rubbing on the back of my neck while she massaged my temples.

When that was all done we shared a deep kiss and I headed to the bathroom to clean up. After a longish shower, I got dressed, kissed her on both cheeks and sai dmy farewells.

Quite possibly the hottest escort experience of my long punting career. I would totally recommend this amazing lady.

xx


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th April 2014, 09:39 PM
Poster ID: mayo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review AsiansRule, can you pls give the locanto link as cannot find


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th April 2014, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: AsiansRule
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi all,

I had a look on Locanto today but was unable to find the ad.. she must have taken it down.

Trust me, she is worth every penny if she is still available for bookings!

cheers,

AsiansRule


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st April 2014, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: Eastside
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review but can't seem to find the ad or pics.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st April 2014, 12:11 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Eastside


Good review but can't seem to find the ad or pics
"""



Me too Eastside. 

Ay review from a new member gets moderator time spent finding any ads. Nada found here.

Those wanting to see Sue may just have to say "I stored your number on my phone when I saw your ad".

If she's not working there'll be no answer or she or someone will let you know that she's not working.


