Thread Title: Sue - Melbourne CBD - 0434 611 411
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th June 2015, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: indiana-jones
Post Title: 
 Sue - Melbourne CBD - 0434 611 411
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sue

Establishment : Private apartment, Melbourne CBD

Date of Visit : 5 May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Super model arrived melbourne! 0434611411 call now! - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Visited at 1am

Rates : 350/Hr

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim Size 4-6 with enhanced tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : PSE, BBBJ, very average massage, safe safe

Value for money/recommend? : Worth another shot but not more then twice

My experience/comments : Good Evening boys, just wanted to share my experience with this korean lady. Mid 20's, had heavy make-up on but still her skin looked and felt smooth. She has an amazing body with a trimmed pussy (very well done). Her service is decent, better then tope girls however, body is excellent except she probably skips doing squats. BBBJ had good suction and she stares into your eyes as she does this. Excuse my explanation, words do not do it justice. Overall a good experience as the place was private, she operates independently so you dont have random people walking in and out during your session which is what i enjoyed about it the most. Slightly pricey but if you like asian, she's a solid hard worker.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th June 2015, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sue's BP ad....




			
				Height 167cm
Weight 56kg
Breast size C cup
Body size 6

Hello baby

My name is Nicky. I came to melbourne for meeting you!
I was supermodel in korea.
You will love me 100%!
I'm a naughty girl and like to have lots of fun xx
If you want to relax and make fantastic night, Just call me.

*Phone 0434611411

Here is best service you never done!

Real girlfriend experience (GfE)
Include deep french kissing, natural oral, blow job, touching, massage, sex with condom. 69, licking, various sex position as well
More information or any enquiry please call 0434611411 xx
Poster's age: 23

• Location: Melbourne


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th June 2015, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: R3ndar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I kinda get iffy with these Korean escorts who charge $350 an hour.

Kinda juggle in your head whether to offload your cash on the escort or at Tope/York St venues.

Thanks for the review btw.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th June 2015, 09:41 PM
Poster ID: indiana-jones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here is some background to the story 

Before i begin i would like to apologies if i offend anyone, this review is the truth for all punters out there. The objective here is to establish a fair and effective marketplace for WLs.

I had originally booked an appointment with some other Chinese bird located on collins street, however, upon arrival at the destination. I noticed there was another punter who was entering the same apartment number as i was, nevertheless it could have been mere coincidence so i followed suit. Cut a long story short, the girl had double booked us, felt horrible offered me a return discount but duly cancelled. 

Anyhow, This WL imo is more value for money then those at Tope/York. She has her own place, house is clean, looks like someone actually lives there. I am a smoker and was told to smoke outside on a private balcony which is completely fine. Her command of the english language made it easy to communicate and shes just generally a nice lady. Nevertheless, her BBBJ could have been slightly better.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th June 2015, 10:01 PM
Poster ID: R3ndar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by indiana-jones


Here is some background to the story 

Before i begin i would like to apologies if i offend anyone, this review is the truth for all punters out there. The objective here is to establish a fair and effective marketplace for WLs.

I had originally booked an appointment with some other Chinese bird located on collins street, however, upon arrival at the destination. I noticed there was another punter who was entering the same apartment number as i was, nevertheless it could have been mere coincidence so i followed suit. Cut a long story short, the girl had double booked us, felt horrible offered me a return discount but duly cancelled. 

Anyhow, This WL imo is more value for money then those at Tope/York. She has her own place, house is clean, looks like someone actually lives there. I am a smoker and was told to smoke outside on a private balcony which is completely fine. Her command of the english language made it easy to communicate and shes just generally a nice lady. Nevertheless, her BBBJ could have been slightly better
"""



Understood, and sorry if I got you thinking, but with my post it was my own personal view on these particular escorts. You can have a looksy of mine under a girl named Amy a few months back. Personally, I kinda felt short changed with my experience.

But hey, whatever rocks yours or anyones boat. Everyone's got different tastes and choices.

But I do really thank you for your input.


