Thread Title: Sugar - Melb Vic - 0468 457 359
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Sugar - Melb Vic - 0468 457 359
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sugar

Establishment : Pvt Appt

Date of Visit : Late Jan'18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????????????? Huge Boobs??real adx SUGAR NEW TO MELB ? REAL VID/PIC ? NEW FACE AND FRESH?? - Melbourne escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS/CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Maybe


My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all  of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a  picture of time spent and experience had.)

Following happened early last week, but got interrupted and never got around to posting it. 

So originally, I got some spare time today and pre-book Becy from  scarlet but last minute had to bail because she had her period.

 I was okay with, at least didn't make me go all the way there to tell me she can offer only massage...*cough* nana *cough*.

 So, tried my back up which I made a few queries with and it was   actually someone I found from a totally new source via an asian forum.
But that will be another story next time  Turns out she was also busy.

 With time running out, I started to hit cracker/backpage and ended up   picking Sugar. The set up was quick and easy and we had a place/time   ready to roll.
 Turned out to be the same place as my final punt of 2017 with Mayoko.   First thing was she agreed to a time but then was running late and   ended up waiting 15mins. Then I had the awkwardness of having to wait   out a few punters who all came at the same time (peak hour), and I must   be on some back to back booking.

 So turns out there are two girls in the same place, from what I could   tell, i think it is Miko in the other room but it was a quick glance   only.

 As i walked in her phone rang, and turns out that the boss (or  virtual  reception) was making sure that I arrived. I was complaining  that so  many punters arriving that I had to wait.
  Now, the other thing was she looked pretty worn out and had no makeup   but could also been the hot day. Unfortunately, as a result not as   pretty as the pictures.
 In fact it is close to being plain. The most annoying thing was her   breath was really bad. I seriously had to hold my breath every time she   spoke.
 After quick shower, it was onto the session. Standard procedure here,   and after a rather average/quick cbj was straight onto cowgirl. A few   pumps and she went straight to "the dead lady" routine where she flops   on top while you do all the work. Seriously! What is it with the girls   lately and the dead lady routine. Then onto mish, doggy and I notice   that she was getting extremely wet. She was also loose to start with, so   it got worst. Could also be because I was getting sloppy seconds.

 Started to think that I won't get over the line due to the average   looks, extreme bad breath and loose pussy. Ask for a quick break due to   the heat in the room and I am thinking not going to happen. After a   while, she hopped back on cg, with a bit more energy, and using all my   imagination little Hercules pulled through 
 After that we chatted a little and she started mucking around on the   phone. I could also see that there were 15mins to go. So I rested and   waited to be asked to go to the shower.

 To cut a long story short, she started to play with me again and had a   really horny look on her face. I mean by now it was close to 5min over   the scheduled end time. On with the dom after she managed to get me  hard  and we were at it again. The first time took some effort but the  second  time just won't happen given that I really had to go and well  (see  reasons above).


 In summary she is a great girl and really sweet. It is just sad about bad breath and average look which I wasn't really into.
 As always, could just been bad timing and things could been a lot different if she was fresh (and had time to put on makeup).


