Thread Title: Sunny Love - CBD - 0412 054 669
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2017, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Sunny Love - CBD - 0412 054 669
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Delicious natural F cups Sunny Love is back to Melbourne 7 days only 100% verified photos - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Variable

Rates : $250/30 $350/60 with limited extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Curvy in all the right places, a couple of tatts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian, with a hint of Indian

Services Provided : GFE -- DFK, BBBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes. Cannot recommend highly enough. In my top 3 WLs of all time*. 

My experience/comments : 

TL;DR: Her photos are genuine, she is genuine, and the best fun I've had with a WL in a long time. I'll be back when she returns to Melbourne.

I see the photos on backpage -- she looks sensational in them. Her prices make me think that perhaps she is genuine. So I make a booking for 30 minutes, and she is quick to respond with easy communications. Even some fuck ups at work are easily covered, and she is flexible in changing the time. But it means I have to rush.

I get to the apartment block where she is staying, get buzzed in, and discover that she is an absolute pocket rocket! Fark! What a body. Beautiful too -- a lovely face. She was wearing the same red outfit in the photos. That is when I also discover I'd forgotten to go to the ATM in my rush. I apologize, and go back downstairs to find an ATM. Get the cash, send her a text to say I'm on my way back, and she replies saying, oh, you are coming back? I thought you came for a look and didn't like what you saw! As if!

Get buzzed back in, sort out the money, and into the bathroom we go. We share a shower, lots of DFK and Spanish, and mutual fondling. Out of the shower, dry each other off, and it's lunch time! Away I got on DATY, she uses her hands well, rubbing my head, grabbing my hands and moving them around her body. Lots of pleasantly fake moaning: she knows it's fake; I know it's fake; she knows I know it's fake; I know she knows I know it's fake, and so on. Multiple layers of laughing. Move up for a bit more DFK, then she pushes me back and starts a first class BBBJ. She gets be to do a bit of light slapping on her ample arse, and then moves into the 69 position, where we stay happy for a few minutes. At this point she does come (no faking about the strength of clenching of the muscles) and she grabs a dom and hope on top.

Wow. Those marvellous melons, flying about whilst she rides me. Tells me this is her favourite position. We switch to doggy, go for a bit of mish and a bit of side saddle, before ending up in doggy again where I blow my load into the dom. There are a few minutes left, and we lie next to each other doing the full GFE, cuddling, stroking and chatting. Her English is very good, and she's a great conversationalist. We are having such a good chat that neither of us realize the time, and my alarm goes off -- late for my next appointment!

She offers me a shower, but I decline, get dressed an go. Got a good 35-40 minutes out of the arrangement.

I left with a smile on my face, a spring in my step, and even though the rest of my day was an utter pile of steaming shit on every front, it didn't matter.

Some technical details:


A note on the extras: she offers CIM or COF for $50 each, and that's it.Sunny says she is in Melbourne roughly once per month, although she now won't be back until February due to the holiday slow down, and she's only been a couple of times before.

I could do the $350 for an hour once a month, and get such value I'd not need to bother punting in between visits**. I found her to be that good.

WIR? You bet. It's more than I usually pay, but the VfM is there on practically any level: face, body, attitude, language, sex skills...

She's in Melbourne for another 3-4 days; unreservedly recommend.

Dean

* Angela from Dalgety St in the late 90s, Kate from Coburg back in the early 2000s, and her, in case anyone was interested
** Actually, probably not


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Sunny Love / Naomi Double - CBD - 0412 054 669
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny Love / Naomi 

Establishment : Private Appt. 

Date of Visit : Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Delicious natural F cups Sunny Love is back to Melbourne 7 days only 100% verified photos - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 11pm 

Rates : $550 for 90min - x2 

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Curvy + Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, DFK etc. 

Value for money/recommend? : FUCK YEA

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So after my previous experience with Sunny, I thought I end her visit to Melbourne with a double booking. 

Pretty much went all out and booked 90min because it was all the time I could squeeze in my schedule. For once she was running a little late but it wasn't too much of an issue. 

I don't have much time to today to post Sunny single review. So i will put it here. 

O
M
F
G

I never thought i meet the day where I find a PWL to be this damn cute as Sunny. I mean ARE YOU KIDDING ME?????
And guys, yes she has F cup size tits.
And guys if you are an ass man...she has an arse to die for. 

That said, her girl friend is also very pretty. Reminds me a little bit of the asian porn star 'kitty' yung. 
So yea, it was like a session with Lana Thai + Kitty Yung - but they are both prettier!! 
She does have implants (B cup) but it feels pretty natural. 
She is very slim and lightweight. 


Spent about 5 min on the couch chatting and were offer a drink. Then into the shower with Sunny. Cubicle was too small for 3 ppl. 
Into the room, and straight into the action. Sunny disappeared for a bit, and chatted to Naomi. But then on to the business end of DFK, with lots of touching and moaning and BBBJ. The action was a bit of a blur to be honest, pussy and tits everywhere hahaha. This was my first double and I didn't realise that they change doms when you change girls which is a bit of a distraction but still fun. Naomi was actually quiet tight, probably because she is relatively new, so took some effort to get in her. 
After sex in multiple position it was bbbj again and dfk and lots of rubbing everywhere. There were also a few lesbian action in between  

The good thing about both of these ladies, is that they are also very good on the communication and connection side as well. 

After the action, we all lied down and had a really quality GFE with one lady on each side and also got a fantastic massage.  

Sunny even tried out some other outfits before I went, which made me horny all over again..LOL. 

A usual time check: Session went about 10min overtime of great service there. 

Can't wait till they both return. But booking two girls is rather expensive. So I may stick with single bookings and spend more QT with one of them.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like a lot of fun.  Was the BBBJ, both tongues or did they do one at a time, and when they swapped they wiped you down?

I am confused about the cost, was it $550 or $1100?

Cheers


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th December 2017, 07:01 AM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They took turns
No wipe down...didn't need to as no explosion yet 
$1100 total as they charged $550 each


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th December 2017, 10:31 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sounds great, I wonder when she is back?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th December 2017, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She said she will be back next year. She normally appear a late in the month so I'm guessing late Jan  to early Feb...


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th December 2017, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Sunny Love - CBD - 0412 054 669
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny Love

Establishment : Private Appt

Date of Visit : Later Nov 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 054 669

Hours of Business : 10am - 11pm

Rates : $350 p/h

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai / Asian

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, Shower, DFK, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
After reading some reviews and missing out on booking her previously, I managed to score my self a session this time around. I managed to score a session with her once she landed in Melbourne in fact. 

So all set up and as usual did the usual standard let me in dance  

She opened the door, and I litterally wet my pants. She was wearing her red lingere outfit as per her pictures and I was shocked by how cute she looked. 
Like I said in my other review (double), perfect body and perfect face. 

Personaility she was funny and chatted away the usual topics (no language barrier there). Really a warm, friendly person which will make you feel like you have dating her for years in a good way 

The place was very clean and neat (being a new appartment) and we had a shower together which includes a BBBJ. 
Then into the bed, where there were a lot of kissing/touching and then more BBBJ. On with the dom, and it was cowgirl and a gorgeous view of her boobs bouncing up / down. 
Switched to doggy and other positions including 69 - daty where she moaned, egging you on   After the deed was done, she would lie next to you and do some massage with your hands and legs. 
This is a really true GFE where you feel like you can just talk about anything. But obviously it all has to end and you will be left with a longing / depressed feeling as the door closes. 

The only bad thing is, she could be hard to book sometimes, and I suspect that this would be more so moving forward. 
Definately one of the best providers out there and would give Albee a real challenge if she was located in Melbourne full time. 

The usual time check indicated that the session went overtime by about 10mins which is a first for BP.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th December 2017, 04:04 PM
Poster ID: MattG995
Post Title: 
 Favourite WL
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny Love

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : Late November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 054 669

Hours of Business : 10am-11pm

Rates : $350/H

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Curvy, Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, Shower, DFK, DATY, Rimming (on her)

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes

My experience/comments :

This is the third time I've seen Sunny, and each time is out of this world.

I contacted her as soon as I saw her ad on backpage and set a time for the next day, I never miss an opportunity to see this girl.

Upon my arrival I was greeted by this stunning little gem, with the best breasts I have ever seen, wearing the exact same red lingerie in the pictures in her ad, she greeted me with a hug and kiss on the cheek (a fair way up for her as I tower over her), and then we sat on the couch and caught up with our lives.

She got me a drink to calm my nerves, and while we caught up, she climbed onto my lap and straddled my manhood while giggling at me because I got sidetracked while staring at her tits and completely lost my train of thought. She then slowly undressed while still on top of me, all while we DFK and she grinded against me. Before I could realise, she was already naked and pressing her boobs into my face (she knows they're my favourite). 

Then, she took my hand and guided me to the shower, and we both got in together. While standing together, her breasts are almost at the same height as my junk, so when she turned to face me she giggled as she was met with it almost in her face. Whilst we showered she soaped us both up, all the while i leaned down and fingered her, feeling how wet she was becoming as she also rubbed her breasts against me. She then bent over and started a BBBJ on me. She really put in effort and tried deepthroating me, then we left the shower and she dried herself and then me off, then she guided me back to the couch while slapping my ass and giggling.

She sat me back on the couch and began kissing me again, all while I kept my hand between her legs and rubbed her clit, she was pretty much soaking at that point as I continued. It was at this point where we exchanged money for the session, which was surprising that she was in no hurry to get the payment. She put the money on the table behind her and She then moved forward and began sliding up and down on my dick, her pussy lips felt incredible against my shaft and I could feel how wet she was. She then moved down and began sucking my dick like there was no tomorrow, it was wild, gagging, spitting on it while maintaining eye contact with me.

After this, she sat up and poured some oil on her tits and wrapped them around my manhood and proceeded to give me the best spanish I've ever received, every time she does this I'm in heaven. Following this heaven she then grabbed a condom, put it on me, and then she climbed onto me and began riding me then and there, wasting no time bouncing away while I watched her wonderful boobs bouncing in my face, alternating between that and DFK. She then climbed off me, and moved to the side of the couch and put her head down and wiggled her beautiful behind in the air as she waited for me. I moved over and began eating her pussy and ass like it was the last thing I'll ever consume, and she reacted accordingly (couldn't give a fuck if she was faking it or not, I was going h.a.m). I then started pounding her doggy while caressing her bootyhole, she was moaning and beginning to quiver, all while he boobs swayed with the thrusts.

After pounding her for another few minutes she fell forward and her legs jolted together, all while she kept moaning, shit was wild. After we recovered for a few minutes as we both shared another drink, she decided it was time to take it to the bedroom for the finale. We entered the room and she pulled off the dom and knelt forward on the bed while giving me more head, I could feel myself getting close, and she must've assumed so too as she poured more oil on her breasts and began giving me spanish. I savoured the moment of my manhood sliding between those national treasures, and then as I went over the edge she started going faster and faster, I then gave her a pearl necklace, along with shooting some on her tits and face (which she wasn't happy when it got in her hair), I don't think I've ever cum so much in my life, I was impressed with myself haha. She then sucked me dry, cleaning the last of the cum off her chin and my tip, complimenting the taste as she swallowed (again surprising she did that but I'm not complaining). 

To finish up we both went back to the shower and she cleaned herself up, and then cleaned me up, but not before giving me one last bout of head for the road (I love this girl).

We then both got dressed and sat and talked about our lives for another 15 minutes before I left. The best part of the entire thing, I paid for half an hour, and we fucked for over an hour, I was in her apartment for an hour and 15 minutes before I ended up leaving, she must like me hahaha.

WIR fuck yeah I would, you'd be a fool not to give her a crack, seriously.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 11th January 2018, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sunny is back


