Thread Title: Sussie, Rye  VIC, 0497 887 247
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th February 2017, 02:26 AM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: 
 Sussie, Rye  VIC, 0497 887 247
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sussie

Date of Visit : 17/2/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0497 887 247

http://m.locanto.com.au/vic/ID_11567...EBUD-area.html

http://melbourne.cracker.com.au/Fema...-area/32992277

Hours of Business : available most days midday to midnight 

Rates : 30mins $120, 1hr=$200 / 2hrs=$250 / 3hrs=$300 / 4hrs=$350 etc . 

Age : Ad days 41, more like late 40's IMHO 

Size/shape : Size 8/9 , 5ft 2', weathered body, saggy c size boobs and flabby belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie Caucasian, Dutch heritage 

Services Provided : Full Service, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments :

I have just taken one for the team...I made a mistake and thought with my little brain instead of the other one!

So I found myself in Frankston and I thought I'd see what was on offer in the local area through locanto and cracker. Offerings were scant at 10pm but I found an ad that caught my eye. 

It described a simple EASY. transaction. This sounded just like what I was after.  

Anyway, I call and make an appointment, she sends the address and asks me to park in the car port which was all easy enough. I book an hour since Rye is a bit of a drive from Franger. Then she sends me a text to say don't come early. Alarm bells should have been ringing. 

I get there a bit early, so I drive past the house and park across the road to wait until the appointed time.  She texts to ask if I'm across the road and I answered that I was. Well come in then she replies!

So I park and enter the house and these 3 little dogs start yelling, yapping and jumping all over me. She tells me off for coming early then asks how long i want to stay for. Alarms bells ringing softly. 

I say half an hour 'cos I think to myself she certainly wasn't what I was expecting from the pictures, but now that I'm here.....  (I'd say the pictures are a few years old, from her parlour days perhaps and that she has let herself go a little since then)

She leads me to a back room and spreads a sheet over the bed and ask me me to undress then leaves the room. 

She comes back in at the start of our appointment. Quietly undresses then hops on the bed and immediately doms me up for a BJ. She briefly runs her titties over me and works her way down so they're out of reach and starts on the CBJ.  I try to reach forward and grope or stroke her body, but she seems to have positioned herself just out of my reach. CBJ continues and she does some interesting head twirl things. I try to reposition so I can reach her snatch and when i do she says no fingers inside!

I ask her if we can do 69 but she refuses saying we haven't got enough time and that I should've booked longer. So I say, why don't I upgrade to an hour, but she refuses saying you booked half an hour. I feel like she's punishing me, maybe for coming early or not booking the hour that I originally said I was going to? 

Either way, I was not getting turned on and mini me was just not that into it, despite Sussie giving it a red hot go, too many no's are not a turn on. 

I closed my eyes and started thinking about being with someone else...it must've worked somewhat 'cos she suggested doing doggie and I was hard enough to make a go of it. 

I must say doggie is a position that brings the best out of many women. I really enjoy the curve of the hips and holding on and pounding my cock in and out in that position. Sussie reached from below to fondle my balls as I thrust away and it wasn't long before I came.

After that Sussie got out the wipes, cleaned me up and sent me on my way. 

I was back on the highway when I checked my watch. I had been in and out in less than 20minutes!

WIR? Hell no. Buyer beware and all that. But I wonder if I hadn't pissed her off or rubbed her the wrong way if things might have been different. I guess I'll never know - plenty more fish in the sea!

Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk




Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


