Thread Title: Suzy Lo - Melbourne CBD - 0414256385
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2016, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 Suzy Lo - Melbourne CBD - 0414256385
				
Post Content: 
Don't bother if you see this ad or number. It's just another bait and switch pimp scam. Despite numerous promises on SMS that I was in fact talking to the girl in the ad, the girl I met was neither the girl, in the same age range, nor could she speak much english.

She was smart though in meeting me in a darkened hallway dressed in a skimpy little nurses uniform, so in the dark she looked OK. But once in her room it was obvious that she was closer to 40 than 20, and any tits she had were from the pushup bra.

She also reported back to the pimp via text during the whole process. I had booked 30 mins with a promise to extend if it was really the girl in the photos, but I stayed the least time I could. Let her give me a crappy massage for 5 mins, then upped to the FS part. SHe was just as crap here, just a dead root basically, so I dumped my load, had a shower and got the hell out of there. Shouldn't have even done that except I had re-arranged my whole day to meet her, so I needed to dump a load and get back to work.<br><br><br>

A Beautiful Asian Lake Girl GuanZhou. Authentic Beauty Student/Office Outfits. MEDIUM Breasts - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com






I got OFFICE/STUDENT Outfits see pics!
Heya, I am Suzy Lo, if you like to see me, contact 0414256385. Otherwise have a read below.
Hello, read on if you like to know more or you can see my rendered by a photographer photo shoots to the right.
Arriving freshly from Guanzhou, China - a river city with plenty of Beauty like me 

My name is Suzy Lo and I have just arrived in Melbourne looking for some fun with my clients. I want to impress and build up my clients like the other successful girls here and I hope that my delicate touch and wild intense moments make it pleasurable for your return. THATS HOW I MEASURE MY SUCCESS IN PLEASING, meaning, I know what and how to please even the most difficult of men, it's my forte, it's what I do for a living and I have done it for a few years.

So I am always immaculately groomed, elegant, but sexily dressed. Just see my self shots on the right hand side and you'll get a few angles of what I am about.
I am very easy-going and I love to smile and laugh. With manners, I ensure you are in a relaxed moment. Whatever you prefer, I can be open minded in suiting your desires.
As I work independently, you will be dealing with me discreetly and NO ONE ELSE.

A little background
I am well traveled in terms of escorting so I know how to please a range of men from different backgrounds. Whether you curl up with me after a tired day or need that sensual massage before we get into the raunchy stuff I will cater, in fact, i will flourish as I open my legs and at the first point you put that throbbing pain into me you'll feel the tightness and wetness. I do recommend 1 hour Girl Friend Experiences because you may need to blow twice 
I like to finish off on a calm note, whether it's just laying there thinking about how enticing the experience was or let me run my fingers down your chest as you stare at the ceiling relaxing it doesn't matter. The satisfaction of our ending is what i look for.

Some Details...
Privacy - Geuinely Who you see in pics - always on time - infectious cuties laugh - relaxation - escape the daily grind - seduction - sophistication and class - impeccable dress and presentation - uninhibited eroticism - focus on your desires.

I am 24yo Petite 162cm height, 36C Sized Cups (More than a handful) have slim & toned Asian size 6-8, white skinned, natural & silky black hair, soft luscious lips, with clean and tight between the legs opening. The pics only show half of me, you need to see me in real time.
GFE Pricing:
Half Hour = $150
Forty-Five Mins = $200
One Hour (cum x2) = $250
Two Hour Competitively Priced = $450
Erotic Body Slide & Massage & Hand Job
Half Hour = $100
One Hour = $170
Simply Message Me On: 0414256385
Poster's age: 24


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th October 2016, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats a shame whitey, its been a while since ive read one of your reviews.  These private girls i would rate behind modern day rnt's.


