Thread Title: Sweet - Private - Melbourne CBD
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th December 2018, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Sweet - Private - Melbourne CBD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sweet

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Dec 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.catchgod.com/thread-53575-1-1.html

Phone : (line ID) laizhaocha000

Hours of Business : 1pm to 11pm. 

Rates : $250 p/hl

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Mixed bag / Unsure, see below. 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


So as we head to the festive season, I thought I try and cheer myself up a bit. With my favorite regular calling it quits it was time to hit the world wide web to see whats available.
I wanted something new and a place i haven't tried before, and so it wasn't long before I found myself on the Asian site catchgod. 

I had a couple of mixed results last time around, as these girls are tend to be lacking in English and tend to prefer if you spoke mandarin. However, I do like the fact that they normally post real photos. 
I said too myself, its not like other Asian girls speak English much. Stumble on a profile called Sweet, and the photos/videos seems very promising. Unfortunately they don't seem to post phone # and usually prefer Line or wechat. Either way, set up was quiet easy, but I did have to rely heavily on google translate. 

For the record, this has to be one of the weirdest punt I had. Straight onto it then....

The place was brand new which was nice, but the apartment itself have all sorts of signage stuck behind the door about check-in/out indicating that it is some makeshift hotel. 
The door opens and the first thing came to mind was how short she was, probably around 1.55m. She also had a big smile on her face which gave the impression she was on the older side.
But on closer inspection, she is actually very pretty and close to the images you see.

She spoke some mandarin, and I said that I don't understand much at all (note: I did warn her). She was fine with it and just said if I wanted to shower. 
So, straight into it I thought, not even small chit chat, which was fair enough given the language barrier. Gave me a cheap towel and then she went back to her cooking (yes she was actually making some noodles for dinner).

Once I finished, directed me to the bedroom, and asked me to lie down. She then proceeded to change into a extremely revealing bunny outfit , which was great given she was in old saggy clothes. 
This did add some time as it wasn't a quick change, and finally she was ready to go. She asked if I liked it, and I nodded as she did look extremely cute. Then she did a quick body slide (with out fit on ) before grabbing a dom and started some decent BJ on junior. There was all sorts of other stuff she does, like blowing smoke in your face from this smoke machine thing she had going. As she was bending over giving you a BJ, she also ask you to look at her pussy in the mirror since she had crotchless panties on. I actually misunderstood her asking me to finger her, so I started have my finger make its way in and she quickly pulled my hand away. 

One thing which was a little interesting was that she love to look at herself in the mirror and let you admire her body  This was all obviously part of a set routine she had going and tbh, I didn't mind that much. It was like going to a set menu at an expensive restaurant. Not long after (maybe 7-10mins), she grabbed the lub and placed herself into RCG and even handed me a toy to whip her butt (great touch). But I wasn't really into the kinky type thing, so after a few slap I let it go - although she seem to enjoy it.  Now, this RCG felt pretty good, and I was wondering if she was trying to get me to blow before she even got fully naked. So I decided to pull the strings of her bra off. She turned around with what seem like a (what seem like but I could be wrong) surprised look on her face and made some comment in Chinese. Not sure what it was but she didn't seem upset.  This is the turning point  Perhaps I disrupted her set routine but after a few more pumps she hopped off and started to take her gear off. Asked me then to get on top....

Now, in mish it was a great view of her cute face and she maintain good eye contact at first. I was banging her good and she threw in some (obvious) fake moans. 
However, at this point, I knew we are probably 20mins into an hours booking. So I did want to make it last. Having said that I stayed in mish too long and when I asked to switch to doggie, little junior lost interest due to the time it took change and get it in her tight pussy. She sat up and gave me a HJ for about a min before asking me to lie down. She started give me a nice HJ and it was all good to go again, but she started pumping it hard and I realise soon she intended to get me across the line  I mean it wasn't that long in terms of actual fucking or we were at the end of the session. Most girls at this point would have gotten junior back into the hole since she also left the dom on all this time. Now, the other problem was her technique deteriorated rather quickly to Jack hammering and at this point I'm not even sure why she kept the condom on. Either way, after about a few mins, she actually gave up, said she tired & was flopped her head to the end of the bed and then turned her back towards me. 

I'm seriously wondering if she was upset? WTF??...I lied there for a bit and didn't know what the fuck to do. If tried to touch her would she yell and scream? Now, I have had some experience with crazy asian girls so you do need to be careful. 
So I started DIY , and then slowly stroking the only part that was accessible to me which was her legs. It felt terribly awkward, and I started wondering if I should just walk. I have had some bad punts, but this would be the first time I even considered walking.  Then she started wiggling her butt and playing with her pussy which helped relax me somewhat, maybe she felt guilty. Unfortunately, she wiggle her pussy away when I tried to touch it. Finally I came and she turned back to face me with a smile on her face. She offer to cleaned up and then asked if I wanted a massage. I said sure and she asked me to lie on my tummy. She then went off to clean herself up and (later I found out) clean up the bathroom. She came back in probably what seem like an eternity. 

At this point, I think we are back on track with her routine, as she did a decent massage to start off with. It actually felt like a profession at one stage, but then it went to more crappy swiping motion before going back to the good technique. Maybe she only knows certain techniques. This must have went on for a good 20mins before she asked if I wanted water and then asked me to shower. Tried to chat a bit but she was eating her dinner (naked ) and we said our good bye. She offer a hug but also seemed to wanted to throw in a kiss. I wasn't sure because she avoided kissing during the session, and that resulted us doing an awkward 'fake' side kiss instead.

Out the door and it was exactly 60mins from when I walked in. So, you can say she timed it well. 

So, I have been tossing up whether to call this a 'money down the drain' experience. Because you could argue that if I didn't needed a break, the overall experience could have been quiet good. 
However, it was because of the break, i was able to experience a more different side to what I imagine the younger guys would probably not experience. I let you be the judge and remember, YMMV. 


Cons:
- She actually avoided kissing during missionary phase and looked sideways. 
- No 69, fingering or even touching of the cat. 
- Fake boobs  
- Weird attitude if you make her give you a handy for too long. 
- No English, so very little chatting. 
- Bad breath but she hardly talks  


Pros:
- Real photo and she was really cute. 
- She is different to the rest and adds a lot of her own personal touches. 
- Nice place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th December 2018, 11:36 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Beautiful looking girl in the pics, and quite erotic start to session sir.


