Thread Title: Sweetie -Doncaster - 0466 076 508
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th December 2017, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Sweetie -Doncaster - 0466 076 508
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sweety

Establishment : Private house- Doncaster and Apartment Box hill

Date of Visit : 14/12/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??Seductive Sexy Girl Teasing FUN GEF ?pic real ?0466076508 - Melbourne body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure booking was 11.45am

Rates : 130$ 30 mins

Age : 23-26

Size/shape : size 6.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysia

Services Provided : Did not stay

Value for money/recommend? : unsure

My experience/comments :This is the mob where Amanda in Box hill was servicing a guy with girls arguing with her through the door. Amanda did not answer on the mobile, and this number is connected to the same business. I made a booking with Sweetie at there Doncaster address, it is a 2 story home, not an apartment. I felt the girl in the add was not Sweetie, but apon meeting her i did not want to stay.She had a nice rack, and sexy tight black mini on, I offered her a 20$ cancellation fee as she kept reducing the price, then she showed me another girl i was not into her either, she was maybe 30 yo. I did mention 910 Canterbury, and they told me to go to another address. It ended up being an apartment in the new Whitehorse rd tower there. I had driven past this many times in a work capacity, while it was being built. 

I always wondered, if a sex worker would be in there soon after, and it was sort of my want that this happened. It was a high floor opposite the kfc side on Whitehorse rd. The girl was wearing a nurses outfit with the red cross on the front. She was ok,maybe mid 20's there were condoms on the bed, 2 bedroom apartment. I did not stay but thanked the girls for letting me meet them, and then received no more texts, until i told them i will spread the work about there business. 

For anyone who knows of that high tower in Box hill, and u have had dreams of going inside it, you can now by contacting them through the add. If u don't like the girls at Doncaster, just ask for the Box hill connection.  As for this business, the girls were very nice about the rejections, so i wanted to post this to give them some business.  If u like the challenge of backpage, this one might work out for u at either address's


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th December 2017, 10:14 PM
Poster ID: pcasngltn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Were the box hill girls hot? Young?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th December 2017, 01:08 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Non experienced reviews such as "walking out on a booking" will not be counted towards your post count and will be subtracted and noted on your account..

No experience and booking.. a non review and sexual experience.. just show and tell..

AB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th December 2017, 10:26 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by andrewblake


Non experienced reviews such as “walking out on a booking” will not be counted towards your post count and will be subtracted and noted on your account..

No experience and booking.. a non review and sexual experience.. just show and tell..

A
"""



There will be a review coming soon  out of Box hill i can assure you, whether it's from me or others.  I have it on good authority that a multitude of private's are operating out of this new tower, only recently finished a month ago.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th December 2017, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sakura

Establishment : Private escort / escorts  

Date of Visit : 17/12/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : - Whitehorse towers Box hill  ?100%ASian? ?Young?????GIRL?? ?Lover??? ?? ?? ? Pretty? ?? ?0451335180? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au  or 0466076508

Hours of Business : 10.30am till late

Rates : 130 30 mins or 100 20mins chose latter

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Size 7 e-cups 5 foot nothing

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysia

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad

My experience/comments : Came in here on Weds and i believe i rejected this girl. 

Same sized breasts as add, but of course not the same girl.

I came to Box hill today to have some fun in the Whitehorse towers.  I had this number through my first post here Sweetie. When i realized the 2 numbers were connected to the same address, my gut told me there is probably only one escort mob working out of here.  I met the girl who appeared to be who i met Weds. She is such a small cute late 20's girl, with lovely huge tits.  She was wearing black suspenders with black undies and bra, and i just could not walk out on her again.  So we agreed to a quickie 20 mins.  Her english was terrible.  But she had a friendly disposition.

It has been my dream to spend time with someone in this tower after driving past it multiple times while it was being built.  Sakura was giggly, as she placed herself in view of the closet mirror, and rubbed herself over me with only 50% of us being on the bed.  Soon after a condom was applied a nice pink four seasons one, and she gave a nice bj. She moaned a bit, and i thought of the neighboring units, but we were in the bedroom closest to the window, which has a semi circle design.  

Her technique was good, but not enough to get me off.  As soon as i was hard enough and the condom pulled down, i entered her slightly hairy pussy in missionary.  With this condom the friction is always intense.  We changed to her on top, and man it felt great, but i was still not close to coming.  We finished in doggy, the lube was drying up, the condom was popping a little inside of her, the feeling was still nice, but i did not blow.I actually had my mind on another girl i had met earlier.  Once the session finished and i tried this apartments shower unit, she asked me to show her which number i had contacted, so she could tell the agency she had given me service.

She did not tell me this, English no good, but i assumed this was the case.  Sakura led me into the kitchen where i put my boots on. Standing there her tits are just wonderful.  If your a tits man and would like a session in a huge tower, give this place a try.


