Thread Title: Tala - CBD - 0451 560 936
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st December 2017, 01:00 AM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: 
 Tala - CBD - 0451 560 936
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Tala

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit : 30/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : FILIPINO EXOTIC Tala is Flawless (Manila, Philippines) P?????? R??? B??Y ~ DOWN TO EARTH SHOW GIRL~ - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not Sure - I went 9pm-ish

Rates : $150 / 30 mins + $20 BBBJ 

Age :  30's

Size/shape : 6-8 / Slim / Natural D's

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Filipino

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, DATY, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

Sitting at home, tired, hot as anything, but horny.  You know the feeling 
Anyway scanning through backpage thinking why bother, given past experiences.  
Obviously, it was the brain doing the thinking but other body parts driving the web browser.
Nothing much caught his eye until I refreshed and came across Tala's fresh posting.
Something about it pushed my buttons and a quick google search of the picks didn't hit any matches other than the Melbourne Backpage advert itself.  Good sign #1.
Pinged Tala a text re availability and got an almost immediate response back via the same mobile number.  Good sign #2.
Turns out she's in an apartment block in A'Beckett which has reasonably easy parking that late at night.  Good sign #3.
Who am I kidding, you know who already made the decision on the first sign, the rest of the signs are simply justification for the brain lol 
Got to the base of her apartment block easily enough and received the text for which unit and was buzzed up.
Not surprisingly Tala wasn't the girl in the pics.  Was a pretty darn close match though.  The girl in the pics looks to have bolt-ons but Tala's we all natural and soft.  Size & shape matches though but hair not as long and darker. 
Apartment is a small 1-bedder, so stripped down and away we go.
Session started with the obligatory cat bath, which is not my thing but seems to be the goto starting orders with Asian WL's so I just let it go.
I had just about had enough when Tala wends her way downwards saying time to suck lol.  
As it turns out she doesn't speak much English, but goes to reach for the dom when I ask for bare / natural / bbbj.  More money she says, so turns out she knows more English than I thought, at least within a restricted vocabulary 
I reach for my wallet by the bedside, but only have a $20.  $50 she says, so I go to put the money back saying sorry is all I have.    Surprisingly she relents and accepts the $20 and goes to town.
Now the girl's got some skills in this department and what she doesn't have, she makes up with enthusiasm.  Deep, hoover like sucking.  Stuffing both balls in the mouth and rolling them around.  Full length licks and flicks of the tongue on shaft, balls and surrounds followed by a gymnast like reverse pike somersault to allow some DATY to take place in parallel to the suck fest.
Fuck time, she says.  Yep definitely as restricted vocab lol 
On with the dom and she squats down on top of him in cowgirl.  Slowly at first but doesn't take long for me to realize this ain't her first rodeo 
As hard as she's bouncing I'm playing the bucking bronco part well and the slapping is probably loud enough to be heard in the room next door.
This ain't gonna last long at this rate, so I flip her over in one motion to missionary so I can slow it down with controlled grinding and passionate kissing before a bit of alternating DATY then fuck, DATY then fuck.
Was during one of the fuck points that she wrapped her legs around me, slapping my butt cheeks and grinding herself up into me.
Well, couldn't control it anymore and whilst I was looking forward to some doggy (at least), but the dom filled and the Rodeo ended.
Whilst she doesn't have much English, she's got a playful nature, laughs & smiles a lot in an infectious way that you can't help laughing back.
"Was good, you come back", she says as I was leaving.
Not sure if that was a statement or a question but we both laugh and I head back into the night.
The brain thought I was mad and was going to TOFTT going in, but the little one got lucky this time with his selection.
Wasn't the greatest session of all time by any means, but puts a little bit of faith back into the whole Backpage gig thing and goes to show a bit of enthusiasm on the WL's part goes a long, long way.


