Thread Title: Talia - Melbourne CBD - 0415 040 161
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th November 2016, 12:53 AM
Poster ID: veinlk
Post Title: 
 Talia - Melbourne CBD - 0415 040 161
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Talia

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 16/11/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ? SPACIAL PRICE THIS WEEK?100%real Pic ?????CAR MODEL in town??E+ cup?? Sexy?? Bbbj? GFE?Student?? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : not sure, best to text her

Rates : $150/30mins

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim but curvaceous at the right spots 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese 

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Texted Talia around 2pm for a 30mins session after work, she replied promptly and the booking was done with no fuss. When I arrived at her apartment building, she texted me saying that she would have to fetch me personally as her door bell was broken. For those who like discretion, this might be a turn-off as the building is very busy especially after work with plenty of people going in and out the lobby and elevators. After an awkward elevator ride (with strangers and an escort), we arrived at her apartment and Talia quickly warned me to be quiet. She said she's living with a flatmate (a Japanese girl) and didn't want to alert her, that's probably the real reason why she fetched me personally (and I have no idea whether her flatmate is an escort or not). We dealt with finances quickly and I took an optional shower.

Talia has a cute, alluring face, a slim yet curvaceous body with a nice rack - not as big as the photos suggest but certainly C+ cup. We started with some cuddling and teasing before she stripped herself naked and let me buried my face into her breasts. I continued fondling her breasts as she licked my nipples and teased my cock a little with her hands. Couple of minutes later, I was on top of her sucking away her nipples with plenty of cuddling and hugging. Eventually I made my way downtown and DATY for a good 5 minutes. Her response was good and I felt extra motivated when we held hands with fingers intertwined and squeezed each other. 

After a bit more cuddling, she pulled out a condom and asked whether it's go time. I nodded and she sexily wrapped the plastic around my cock with her mouth, gave it a few blow (which I didn't feel much of) before readying herself for cowgirl. The ride was great as she gave me plenty of opportunities to suck on her nipples, she also gave me a few moments to take control of the thrusting which I enjoyed. The best thing about the cowgirl though was that she would lay her body onto me with our heads side by side while riding, we gripped onto each other and we would just heavily breathed/panted/moaned into each other's ears which turned me on massively. Unfortunately my cock wasn't actually feeling that much and she was getting tired, so we got into doggy and she was quite a bit tighter in this position. Took me about 5 minutes of good thrusting before blowing my load. 

I took another quick shower and ended the session with some idle chatter before she showed me out quietly when she heard movements from her flatmate. By the by, Talia's English is decent when texting but quite limited in actual real life conversations.

All in all I really enjoyed the session. I felt a real good sense of intimacy thanks to heaps of cuddling and hugging. Would have been perfect if she offered DFK but she didn't offer extras and I didn't ask so I am not sure what the full menu is, certainly a question for my next visit.


