Thread Title: Tida - CBD - 0452 184 867
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th January 2018, 11:31 AM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: 
 Tida - CBD - 0452 184 867
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tida
Establishment :  Private
Date of Visit :    25/01/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452184867  / ???????'? ?????? ???? Tida????????? ??????? ?????34DD Tits on an Voluptuous Flirty LINGERIE SELFIES - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au 
Hours of Business : Unsure - Late 
Rates :   $150 / 30 mins
Age :     Mid 20's
Size/shape :   8 / Slim C-D Natural

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Thai
Services Provided :  FS, DATY, BJ
Value for money/recommend? :  Meh / Meh

Having sworn off BP forever, got sucked back in for "one more go" lol 
Anyway the pictures sucked me in and the advert read true.  No reverse search matches, unique and not a carbon copy of a dozen others you can spot.
Alas all that glitters is not gold apparently.
Arrangements were easily made and Tida was immediately available in a serviced apartment in the north part of the CBD.
Was swiped in and up with no issues, however, on reveal behind the door Tida sadly was not the girl of my dreams, or even the one in the picture.
Very nice an pretty in her own right, I don't know why some of these girls don't just use their own body pics as they wouldn't be any worse off.
Decided to stay, but just for 30 mins rather than the hour booked.
Service was pretty cookie cutter stuff, with the whole nipple licking start.  Do Asian men really go for that or something as it certainly doesn't do much for me and haven't read any reviews where people have shot their load over it before the festivities begin.  Where does it come from and who's responsible is what I want to know  
Half way through the BJ, which waas not bad,  I requested if we could 69 half expecting to be refused completely or being told that was extra given the vibe of the session so far but Tida was happy to swing the legs around to allow me to feast.
Turns out this was the highlight as she steadily got more and more into it, at one stage forgetting to attend to me altogether, sitting upright whilst I buried my tongue as deep as it could grow whilst she ground herself down on my face as hard as she could.  Oh, wait, that was her highlight not mine lol.
The rest of the service was uneventful completed with a few positions and filling of the dom.
Overall a pretty standard BP session and nothing to overly recommend against the 100 or so other BP options, unless you really get off on the whole face sitting thing with a girl who gets into it too then maybe Tida's the one for you.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th January 2018, 09:23 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gee who would have thought BP ad not the same girl? I challenge these fakes occasionally.
Send them a text, then they bombard me with prices etc, yes thats me in the pics etc etc.
Then I do a reverse search and often find these girls on sites like Gravure idols etc.
I text back, name the site the ad comes from and ask them to send me real pics, of course I never hear back from them.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th January 2018, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I always wonder as well  about the nipple licking.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can't explain where it come from but asian man is basically d...ks when it comes to sex!  We like have our nipples licked, our ass rimmed, the girl moving our toy rather us moving on her.... LOL...  we don't get down but expect our lady to go down... cat licking is popular too... basically we want to be serviced than services her...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 04:22 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by choco168


I always wonder as well  about the nipple licking
"""








 Originally Posted by Pakcabul


Can't explain where it come from but asian man is basically d...ks when it comes to sex!  We like have our nipples licked, our ass rimmed, the girl moving our toy rather us moving on her.... LOL...  we don't get down but expect our lady to go down... cat licking is popular too... basically we want to be serviced than services her...
    



Off topic guys. Reviews of Tida in this thread please.


