Thread Title: Tiffany - Bundoora - 0435 418 039
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2019, 03:01 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: 
 Tiffany - Bundoora - 0435 418 039
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : tiffany

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 30th jan 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : found on locanto but now cant find it anymore

Phone : 0435418039

Hours of Business : unsure as its private

Rates : $120 half hr, $200 1 hr

Age : late 30s to 40s

Size/shape : size 10, average

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : fs, cbj

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments :

Found the add and messaged through, she was local to where i was working, near the RMIT on plenty rd, bundoora.
The add was the usual uni student trying to pay bills etc and nice photos of a petite girl, i thought since its near the uni it might actually be legit and a good punt!
All booked in for about 2pm, rocked up to the address provided and messaged, told the room number which is street accessible (as it was in an apartment complex) and walked in, a much older lader than the photos or what the add described but she was still pretty in a tight dress, bob hair cut and a nice smile, i was hella horny so i went with it, needed to see under that dress at least!

Into the bedroom with a blanket over the top of the bed, finances sorted a quick shower and came back to her naked already on the bed, not as great as i thought, maybe c cups with really dark nipples, bit of a flabby stomach and a very hairy pussy, im not one to like any hair on a female so already was turned off. But, been really horny i just wanted to empty n go..

I get on the been n she starts to kiss me body and i lay on my back, strocking my cock slowly, cat bath and ball playing i get hard, try and suck her nipples but she says something in chinese and moves away,  okay, i guess thats off limits then, she grabs a dom and puts it on, starts to give me a blowly with is actually really good, she had a pretty face and kept looking at me so it was going well so far, i started getting rock hard so she lubes up and jumps on cowgirl, slowly starts riding me and struggling to fit me in her.. she leans forward and cuddles me and moaning but more in a way that its hurting her, at this point im not really doing much just waiting for her to feel more comfortable to take me all inside.
Slowly slowly and shes nice n wet, she still feels so tight and i grab her ass and start taking control, she moans and moans but then stops after a few minutes to get off saying too big too big, we go for mish and igrabs her legs and pull them up and start pounding away, it wasnt really going as planned and i was really horny and wanted a good pounding and it seemed she coudlnt take it or she was new to the industry and not used to it. I blow my load and clean up n i was out,
Shouldve left from the start being fake pics and much older but we sometimes think with our dicks and not out brains, anyway i released what i needed to but i wouldnt return to her.
I mainly posted this so no one else falls for this one that cant take the D, i might try hit her up for just a quick bbbj if she would and she did do that well and had a pretty face


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th February 2019, 11:44 AM
Poster ID: huawei585
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review. I googled that number she goes by the name Vivi operating from the western suburb could it be the same gal or there's a pimp. In the ad she promised many things contrary to the sub service she offered to you. Don't feel bad Cortease I'll be like you too if I see her nothing like the pic I'll still proceed cause the little bro doing the thinking


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th February 2019, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by huawei585


Great review. I googled that number she goes by the name Vivi operating from the western suburb could it be the same gal or there's a pimp. In the ad she promised many things contrary to the sub service she offered to you. Don't feel bad Cortease I'll be like you too if I see her nothing like the pic I'll still proceed cause the little bro doing the thinkin
"""
 


Also in Mill Park:  https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...Mill-Park.html

I would say a pimp


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th February 2019, 01:32 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah its hard to keep track of which girl is which, im sure they move around alot or they switch up their names so they can lure more of us in! 

Its really hard to run when the lil pecker is throbbing all day, i have to use my head more (the top one haha!) And try n run next time!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th February 2019, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was in the area again today, wanted to check on this one again to see if they change the girls or still the same so messaged thru and asked for price and photos,
Different name: Mimi same prices and different photos, same address.
Booking in at 2.30, went over, knocked let in by a different lady i saw the first time, still old asian lady in her 40s, this one was slim and bit busty from the dress she had, maybe could be saggy once off? I dunno, i left..face wasnt great either.. this adress is a definite to stay away from, unless you like older asian ladies.. just not my thing


