Thread Title: Tiffany - CBD - 0406 216 614
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd November 2016, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Tiffany - CBD - 0406 216 614
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Private Apartment, west end of CBD

Date of Visit : 22/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????$120 Busty D cup naughty stunner 1st day in Mel???? 100% REAL PIC ???? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com or phone 0406 216 614

Hours of Business : 10/11 until late

Rates : $120/20 mins

Age : 30s (not 23 as claimed)

Size/shape : Pictures are accurate, a bit of a belly.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claims Hong Kong

Services Provided : DATY, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : 

I'd seen the pretty nice photos on backpage and had made a rendezvous with Tiffany a couple of weeks ago. Things intervened and I had to cancel -- she was cool about it. Today I had the chance to reconnect, so I followed through on the previous booking. The booking itself was done with minimum of fuss and got buzzed up to a very nice apartment. Tiffany answered the door in a kind of maid's outfit, which showed of her perky tits and nice pins.

Handed over the readies, turned on the timer, and away we went. Some light kissing and caressing and mutual masturbation (she's good at her end of the bargain) occurred before I went down on her for a bit of DATY. She was getting right into it but I was conscious I'd booked a short time, so after giving a decent old slurp I came up for air and before I knew it she'd whipped on the 'dom and was hoovering away at the old fella. Now Tiffany was very good at this. After a few minutes of first rate sucking, I moved her around and we started in doggy. She was really getting into it, and getting off watching us go at it in the mirrored doors. Switched to a bit of cowgirls, and then at her instigation some reverse cowgirl, which provided me with excellent viewing of her shapely arse bouncing up and down on my pole.

We then opted for some more doggie and a kind of spooning position  before I ended up in doggie and blew into the bag.

Tiffany is an enthusiastic fuck, and well worth the money. Looks better in clothes than out of them, and is a bit older than what she claims; otherwise WYSIWYG.

Tiffany told me she was here for either a) the rest of the week, or b) another week (English not the best).

For a quick root for $120, can happily recommend.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd November 2016, 11:57 PM
Poster ID: BIGsam
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
have you noticed other ladies in the apartment?
Just a quick search in Google for this number brings up few adds for Asian girls using same mobile number.


