Thread Title: Tiffany - box hill - 0481 214 042
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th May 2019, 09:47 PM
Poster ID: akibaaustralia
Post Title: 
 Tiffany - box hill - 0481 214 042
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Tiffany

Establishment : Butterfly apartment boxhill

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.kissyoubaby.com/ads/list...box-hill/46413
not the girl displayed but the contact number will be the same operator

Phone :0481214042 

Hours of Business : midday -  late 

Rates : $270 - hour

Age : 20-30

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese 

Services Provided :  f/s bbbj / 69 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : send a text to the butterfly operator to see which girl is on.... out of four girls Tiffany is the most attractive.... (maybe its her tits size) 

agreed for an hour service (the second option) inc bbbj/69 and passionate kissing (she didnt do DFK). arrive at the apartment on time and she answer promptly. quickly got the finance out of the way and was told to shower. 

Tiff is the girl in the pic, only she is a little more olive ski﻿nned than the pics.Body﻿ shape, looks a little thinner in legs but that's it.  Slowly clothes was removed, tits did not look as big in pics, until she sat  up and they fell nicely down, when she was on her back, they tended to  slide outwards.  Nice long nipples, like them sucked. B﻿it  of neck kissing and general feeling of her breasts through bra until  that came off. Tiff wore her hair,exactly as in the pics.  Really found  her face attractive. ﻿

Tiff placed me on back, before nipple sucking then on with condom.  BJ  was awesome, nice tempo with moaning, , and tongue twirls and licking  side of penis.  This process was repeated around 8 times.  The visuals  were incredible.  She applied some lube and sat on top, went in quite  easy, but felt every layer of her pussy has she bounced up and down.  Held her nice and tight, she smelt nice. Mish was nice, lying tight on  top of her,  with nice moaning continuation, and a little peck or 2 on  the lips.  Reported she had a f﻿lat ass, it was not too bad.  Doggy, lie down dogg﻿y,  a return to mish and side saddle, her pussy walls just have that  wonderful feeling that u are piercing through more layers. She is definitely a good fuck and i would highly recommend her, only downside is not a DFK kisser. WIR yes.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th December 2019, 02:55 PM
Poster ID: bryan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
did you manage to get her personal number? cause i dont think she's working with butterfly anymore, i've seen her 3 times before but regret not getting her contact


