Thread Title: Tina - Keysborough - 0415 951 798
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th February 2019, 07:37 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 Tina - Keysborough - 0415 951 798
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina (Sat)

Establishment : Private house, Keysborough

Date of Visit : Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ew-arrive.html

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $150 45min, $180 60min

Age : 26ish

Size/shape : B-c cup, size 8, not bad body except for read below......

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chines (not Thai as per ad)

Services Provided : Nude massage, DATY, CDBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments :
Hi Guy's, sorry this might be another long one. This was a weird one so I don't want to leave anything out.
If you want to "cut to the chase" scroll to the ".....

Was feeling horny again after looking at Locanto.
I really wanted to go and see Sarah again to try her out to see if a second time would be better but she was not working.
I know all the adds on Locanto are BS so I thought I'd try to look for a cheaper one to see how it would compare.
I found an add in Keysborough at $180 for an hour and though I would give it a shot.
I sort of let myself down on this one, but anyway here we go...

Roll up to the address (PM me if you want details) and park in a side street.
Start walking up the road to the house and just as I do a Holden Statesman (or similar) pulls up and parks just in front of me (maybe 2-3 houses).
Windows are tinted all around but I can tell there are two big guys in the front.
I just keep walking up the street past the car and keep going...
After a bit I cross the street and head back to my car. I hear the guys get out and walk off but I can't see where.
My back is to them and I didn't want to turn around and make it look obvious...

I wait a little and then head back to the house. I walk up to the door which is one of those ones with frosted glass but has slits that are not frosted that you can see through.
I peer through and FMD!! 
I can see two big "islander" type looking guys talking to a youngish Asian girl.
I'm thinking fuck its either the police or council people or something.
Just as I go to turn around they must have seen my movement as they all looked to the front door.

I hightailed it back to my car and sent a message back to the pimp saying there are some guys in the house.
I get a message back asking me what am I talking about. I explain further but am sent a message back saying everything is ok and there is no-one there.
Being the fool I am (and horny), I wander carefully back to the house. As I come out of the side street I see the car drive off.

OK, coast is clear I head up to the house. That's when I notice the Chinese banners on the door. (for Chinese new year).
Aright 100% BS that there is going to be a Thai girl in there (I know Viets celebrate Lunar NY, but I don't think Thai's do...)
Knock on door and sure enough it is opened by a youngish Chinese looking girl. She did have a pretty face and as usual the rest of her body hiding behind the door.
Trying to take my own advise and be strong I politely say "Oh, you not girl in picture, I go".
As I leave she says "come back honey. I look after you".. but I keep walking..

So you can now guess where I let myself down....

I get back to my car and send another message to the pimp, saying why you waste my time. This girl is not Thai and not the one in the picture... 
The person on the other end assured me again. There are two girls in the house. If I don't like one I can take the other.
They both give good service. Hmmm Fuck, I've had a shave, shower and driven all this way..... Fuck it lets have a look.
I head back and this time I'm lead into the house by the first girl who opened the door.

She leads me to the kitchen and I see the other girl that is cooking something. She looks older and a bit more "thick" set.
Not my type, so I decide to stick with option 1. She takes me to the bedroom and asks me how long. I ask for 1hr.
She says $200. I say no the add says $180, she says ok I bring you the change.

I begin to strip off when she returns and she has like a red two piece teddy on which she turns and begins to strip off.
That's when I notice she has a huge scar on the side of her leg. Its running from the top of her right hip to he knee.
Then she has another one from her ankle and down her foot.
I mean you could see this was serious stuff, The scar was about 5mm wide. I could tell she had multiple staples in there at some point and who knows what else the doctors had to do.
I didn't want to be a complete A-Hole and just ask for my money back. But to be honest I was worried if she would be ok with a big guy like me pounding away with her.

I asked what happened (I'm hoping she wasn't going to say. "Oh, you know those two big Islander guys"....). 

She told me she had a car accident. I asked her, here or China and she said China. I asked if she was ok.
She assured me "I ok, this long time ago now". So on with it we go.

She pushed me onto the bed grabs a dom and proceeds to give me a pretty good CBJ. This goes on for a while, no rush. Licking my cock and my balls then back to the BJ back and forth.
I feel her down below and start to rub her pussy. She spreads her legs to give me better access. I didn't want to blow so I suggested I give her some DATY.
I big smile comes across her face. "You lick my pussy?" I said "yer, sure why not".
We switch, I didn't want to just dive straight in so I lay on top of her wanting to suck her titties a little.
She covers them with her hands and says "to hot, to hot" like they are sweaty or something. I said "don't worry it ok".
She gave me a little access but them covered them again. Ok, no go here so I just work my way down to her pussy.

I begin to lick away and she seems to be enjoying it. She spreads her legs wider to give me better access.
She begins to moan a little and arches her back "Nice, nice she says". Then she starts "Ooo, fuck Ooo fuck"
She lifts her butt off the bed and thrusts her pussy into my face. By this stage my tongue is half way down her pussy and I feel like she is trying to shove my head in there.
She starts wiggling her pelvis up and down, me still licking away, pussy, clit, pussy, clit... and her Ooo fuck, Oooo fuck nice, nice.. 

I'm trying to breath through my nose but its getting pretty sloppy down there. I'm thinking, ok nows a good time for me to stick my little fella in.
I come up for air and start to move up to mount her. she puts her hand on top of my head and pushes me back down. "No, more, more" Ok she not quite finished yet.
I go back down and start again and so doe she "Ooo fuck, Oooo fuck nice, nice" 
This goes on for a while longer until she thrust her pussy in my face one more time. My tongue just about reaching her belly button I reckon and she lets out a moan then says "You fuck me, you fuck me now"

I'm still hard and have the dom on so I enter her soaking wet pussy. She is a nice fit and I start thrusting away.
She grabs my ass and pulls me into her hard. I can feel myself deep inside her and she moans again. She keeps doing this pulling me in deep faster and faster.
As we are going at it hammer and tong I can't hold on too long and I blow into the dom. She lets go of my ass wraps her arms around me and pull me in tight.
She is still not 100% done and continues to move her pelvis back and forth until she tires (or finishes) and collapses and lets me go.
I lay there a minute or two and then slowly exit her.

She asks If I want a shower and I accept. She leads me down the hall and says she will get me a towel.
I jump in the shower and she comes back and throws (what I thought was a folded towel) over the glass door.
There is a washbowl in the sink and she proceeds to fill it with water. She then puts a face washer into it and I think "ok she is going to wash her pussy" which she does.
The next thing I know she grabs the toothpaste (yes I checked), and squeezes some onto her fingers.

She then starts rubbing it into her pussy. WTF? that's a first one for me. Maybe that's why her pussy tasted so good.
Anyways, I exit the showers and grab the towel. She says I shower and pops in the shower after me.
I go to unfold the towel only to find its an over sized face-washer. WTF, how do I dry myself with this??

Anyway, to cut this so long story short I dry myself dress give her a hug and I'm out of there.
(There is more like she gave me a massage but before doing so wrapped my cock in toilet paper...)

I'm telling you, this punting game, you meet some interesting people. You just can't make this shit up....

So if you ever see the news and some guy has been found, bashed and mugged. Tied up in a closet with toothpaste all over his mouth and a face washer over his cock.

You know it was me on a bad day!! 
Remember YMMV

Cheers
Jas


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th February 2019, 07:45 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for that...you are spot on the money.

You simply cannot make this shit up...

Funny as....

SR.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th February 2019, 08:41 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Seems to be a plethora of private girl reviews at the moment. Don't forget the brothels guys as the late Foreman would be saying lol


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th February 2019, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jassyhub2013


The next thing I know she grabs the toothpaste (yes I checked), and squeezes some onto her fingers.

She then starts rubbing it into her pussy. WTF? that's a first one for me. Maybe that's why her pussy tasted so good
"""



Are you sure her poontang didn't have teeth!??


