Thread Title: Vanessa - Collins St, Melbourne - 0416 564 162 (fake photos)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd April 2017, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Vanessa - Collins St, Melbourne - 0416 564 162 (fake photos)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa (not really)

Establishment : Collins St, Melbourne

Date of Visit : early Apr 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.backpage.com.au/Fem...64162/31232887

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $100 for 20 minutes

Age : 30's

Size/shape : small/medium, saggy tits and body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ad says Taiwanese

Services Provided : nipple sucking, CBJ, bit of ball sucking, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : Some strange texting. Texted the number above and got reply for a different number. Then wanted me to text when I was on the way so she could "get ready". I had asked if she was the girl in the photos and got "Yes baby its me". Photos of girl in ad are hot, 95% chance that are fake, and they are, so I was prepared to walk. This address is Collins St is practically an establishment. Have had an ok real/fake strike rate at that location so went ahead cautiously. Knock on the door, open, as usual WL hides in the dark behind the door swing, I only step in enough to check and say you are not the girl in the photos. She's much older and frumpy. She says, yes I am, I say no, then she speaks in her language to someone else in a room on the right, I ask, is that the girl in the photos, she says yes, sliding door opens and a much younger and more attractive girl comes out, I say, ok. WL2 is just finishing a bowl of noodles in the room and takes the bowl out. I hand over $100 for 20 minutes as I hadn't said how long in the texts and wasn't asked. WL2 can't speak any English but counts the $ and nods ok. Clean towel goes on the bed and off comes the gear to reveal saggy tits and body. I'm limp. Does a bit of cat bath stuff then on with the dom for CBJ which got me hard then mounts up CG. Move to doggy, pumping away, this is not going anywhere I think and change to mish. Pump some more, nope, not going to happen today so pull out, take dom off and shake my head and get up and dressed and out of there. Remind myself that unless the girl in the photo is holding a sign with her number on it, it is probably fake.


