Thread Title: Vicky - CBD - 0410 586 640
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th October 2016, 06:58 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Vicky - CBD - 0410 586 640
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10/10/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Phone 0410 586 640; ad is here 

Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : $150/30 mins + some extras

Age : She said 23, I'd say closer to late 20s

Size/shape : Slim, great booty, nice set of cans

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore

Services Provided : DATY, 69, FS, LFK, BBBJ, CIM, rimming both ways

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Always a sucker for a decent rack, I found this ad online and followed up. A couple of contradictions in the ad -- I found that text did not work, had to call to make the booking. It's a private apartment near RMIT that Vicky is working out of. I get the details, hang on, this is ringing a bell... sure enough it's the same apartment that Julia was working out of last week! Anyway, I get inside, and can see that the photos in the ad are genuinely Vicky. Vicky is quite pretty as well. She is dressed in this kind of frilly lemon coloured bikini. Sort out the financials at the top, and then I ask about extras. Natural oral and CIM, I am told. 

"Sweet," I say, "how much?"

"$100 darling," comes the reply.

"No way that's too much."

"OK, $70."

"I've only got $45 left in my wallet!"

"OK, no worries $45."

She insists I have a shower, seeing as she's going to be popping my member in her mouth sans raincoat, just give your cock  a clean she says. In fact I'll come in and help. So off I go to the bathroom to find a stripped off Vicky reaching her hand in and giving me a clean to her satisfaction. She gives me some mouth wash to gargle as well.

Back into the bedroom, a bit of light kissing and then she goes down on me. Holy fuck! Can this girl suck! Absolutely first class BBBJ, part way through she moves around into 69, and I eat out her tasty pussy. I move up to rim her and she responds by doing the same at my end. She then heads back to the BBBJ and I can feel I'm about to blow, so I ask her to stop, and she pops on a dom. We then have sex in a number of positions. She's not a fan of doggie as her boobs are so big they cause her a bit of pain as they swing around, so we switch back to mish and before long the dom is off, and she is sucking away. 

Man, the $195 I laid out for this is worth it just for the blow job. Varies her pace, uses saliva, tackle tickle, the works. By and by, I explode in her mouth and she heads to the bathroom to wash out her mouth. Comes in with a warm towel to help clean me up, and I am dressed and on my way.

Vicky is not a clock watcher, is easy on the eye, and has a killer body. And a killer BBBJ. She is another refugee from Sydney, working until the end of October, so there's still time to get back for a second round.

Can highly recommend, and will be back for round 2 and hopefully round 3 before the month is out.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th October 2016, 07:20 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The ad link is for Yomiko, is that correct?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th October 2016, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No, they've changed the ad!

Vicky had absolutely no anal play of any sort as an option, for starters, and the photos are different. Other than that, ad looks the same. Bugger. I wonder if Vicky has done a runner...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th November 2016, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: Tinypenisbigheart
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rebecca

Establishment : pwl

Date of Visit : 27/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : not sure. Called at 0328 am lol

Rates : 400 per hr call out

Age : 23

Size/shape : short small boobs ok face def not the pic in add.

Nationality or Ethnicity : hk

Services Provided : bbbj cim dfk fs

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Hello yall. I m a frequent punter from Sydney and decided to come down to Melbourne to watch the ufc fight tonight and check out Melbourne. Lovely city and fuck me dead so many hot girls. Its like 2 to 1 girl to guy ratio here.

So went to scarlett for clubbing and i nearly couldmt get in coz of my casual wear. I told them i m from Sydney here to blow money and have fun. Said if thats how i will be treated then i guess i blow my money somewhere else lol. They checked my id and verified i m indeed from Sydney so let me go in only if i take off my hurley jacket lol. Im ok thens. Took it off walked in and put it back on lol. So many hot girls in there its crazy. Love the Mel vibe.

Anyways around 2am my friend started to get abit drunk so i knew its time to go home and as soon as we get into taxi he gets conked out. 
Decided to see here if any pwl willing to come to me instead coz i was in no condition to go anywhere lol. Scroll through and literally msg every single pwl on the 1at 2nd and 3rd page lol.

In end got a hit and guess what. Its this number and i went in saw link and click on them and bang pic of hot ass asian girl with big boobs i would bang any day and she said 100% genuine pics. I m like ok i dont buy it coz add is similar to Sydney all over and fact that some girls got this number, raised afew flags but hey its worth a shot. And she was only wl willing to come out to see me. Her incall rate is 250 and outcall 400. 
Msg him asking what she will offer me for 400 and she said gfe and cim. I ask for rim and she said no. Told her add say so. She said no again so i knew it def wasnt her. I told her are u sure those pics are urs and i dont wanna waste her time. If its not i would knock her back on spot. She say it is her. I m like ok noway but got nothing to lose so told my address i m staying at in cbd and she comes 1 hr and 30 mins later. Around 0430 am she calls me to come down pick her up. I come down and in comes this short but cute looking pwl. I m like ok i can do her so took her upstairs and she jumps right ontop of me.
Service was good. She cuddle was chatty and kept kissing me like a real gfe. Down she goes and gives a descent bbbj but is abit hard on the lil man so i told her to stop and be more gentle while i was fingering her puss. Yes she let me stick a finger inside which was wet and i asked to 69 which she complied. Then i told her to kneel while i stand on bed and face fuck her and shoot a huge load in her mouth. She runs and rinses and i hear abit of gagging lol. 

She comes back and we cuddle more and she starts to try get my lil man up again. After afew attempts he us half up so slap a condom on and have sensual love making. 
I turn her around n tried to doggy but dick goes flacid again so i guess rack kicked in coz i never have issues getting hard lol. Eventualy i mish her n it was a flacid experience but was grinding my cock up n down her pussy. In end it was enough to stick in but wasnt such a good fuck coz it wasnt rock hard. I sas worried condom might rip so pulled it out and fuck her slowly until i blew. 
She gives good massage stays and chat for abit longer and then got change and stayed until uber came. She saw my friend snoring away in other bedroom lol and i pull her inside and let her rub his dick hahaha. Told her if u wake him up he ll most likely make u stay and fuck u. We had abit of laugh and uber came. Overall i think she was with me for nearly an hour 30 mins. 

Pics is 100% fake but she is doable and she cuddles allot and likes to rub her ass againts my cock and wraps my arms around herself. We kissed afew more times and i was still horny when she left and by then it was 5ish something. Wrote a review foe honeybunny and came back here to finish this off today. Lol imma go real brothel around here and see how Melbourne wls are like. Cheers for a lovely experience so far.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th December 2016, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rebecca (I think)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 06/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Phone 0410 586 640; ad is here 

Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : $150/30 mins + extras if you pay

Age : Looks mid 30's

Size/shape : Tall, big boobs, big bum

Nationality or Ethnicity : Shanghai

Services Provided : DATY, 69, FS, BBBJ (extra $50, I didn't pay)

Value for money/recommend? : so so

My experience/comments : 

At the outset I would call this a dud root.  Lots of rules like no kissing, no fingering, oh you want to DATY, then drink mouth wash first.

Basically, it was rush rush rush, lets do it and get out of here.  I asked about natural BJ, and it was $50, she wasn't a stunner, so I declined.  For me a big mistake.

As I was leaving I was introduced to her friend who I assume was Vicky - looked pretty good and may try her next time.


