Thread Title: Vicky - CBD - 0426 792 227
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2017, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Vicky - CBD - 0426 792 227
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : December 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : $100/30??I like SEX??Asian Ivy waiting for you in CBD CBD ?? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $100/30

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Curvy in all the right places 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / yes

My experience/comments : 

Found an ad for Ivy on backpage, texts were fast and simple, so I made a time and up I went. Wasn't the girl in the ad, but I reckon it was an upgrade. Vicky is extremely attractive, killer body, and loves her sex (that last bit I found out later).

The CBJ was very good, with a lot of call tickling, and we had sex in numerous positions before I was finished off with a handjob.

Pros: not a clockwatcher, attractive and killer bod, seemed to get into the sex
Cons: next to no English, a bit detached.

As I left, her housemate was there -- fark -- what a looker she is! For $100 for 30 minutes, well worth the dollars. I've not idea how frequently they are changing out the girls here, but Vicky is worth a punt for $100.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th December 2017, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As has now changed to Molly. But still same number. Nice pic though


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th December 2017, 04:47 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Dean, did Vicky have short hair? (Or Ivy?}


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th December 2017, 05:46 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Both had long hair.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th December 2017, 10:03 AM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Molly

Establishment : Pvt Appartment

Date of Visit : Dec 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...n-CBD-CBD.html 

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $200 p/h

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Med/Solid

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : BBBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


Firstly, Thanks Dean. Looks like the girl you saw (ivy/vicky) was different to the one I visited. 
Secondly, I believe the hot girl you saw is most likely Debbie C as she works out of the same place but she charges a lot more 

On to the review.

So after seeing the pic in the ad, I thought why not give it a go, perhaps it would be the same girl that Dean visited. 
The fact that the girl was not showing face rang some alarm bells, because it was likely to be fugly. But that's part of the thrill i suppose.

Booking easily made and I was set. As I approach I realised that I have been here before to see Debbie. But the image of the girl did not look like her at all. 
And if it did turn out to be Debbie, then sweet! I will be getting a big discount. Anyway, the door opens and it turns out that the girl was a real plain looking PRC type girl.
She resemble Sandy from Monkey Magic (ABC) show, but not that bad. I then remember seeing the same girl enter the lift as I was getting off to see Debbie severl months ago and recall thinking that maybe she was the girlfriend that Debbie mention. I also remember thinking she was definately not my type. 

Anyway, I persisted and walked into the bedroom (same one as Debbie used) and sorted the finances. She pointed me to the bathroom and motion for me to shower. 
At this point I realise she spoke and understand NO english at all. She also had a husky voice which is a bit of a turn off. Hopped into th shower but she did not follow. I wonder if she was intending to but changed her mine when I started without her. Wash done and she was there fully naked with a towel for me which was nice. Now that she was naked, she actually look quiet pretty! LOL

She hopped into the shower after I got out which was something new for me. So I waited in the bedroom. Once she was done, a few misunderstanding of where I should go but ended up on the bed while she giggled and started the catbath. Didn't last long and she was on to the cock/balls. She motioned if I wanted a CBJ and I said what ever you like. She probably did not understood and she just went for BBBJ   (I was a little concern because it was listed as an extra on her ad). 

Her skills were pretty good and I love how she changes her position some what during the BBBJ sessh at one point with her but near my face! For once this went for a fairly long time and I didn't mind at all because it felt great. I actually started to think that there wasn't any FS being offered. Finally though after lots of fun, touching and fingering till she was wet  She got up and grabbed the dom, motioning if it was okay to start. I nodded with eagerness after such a long BJ session, and she popped the dom on. Must be another normal sized dom because it was rather tight. 
I was worry at this point because Molly was bigger than the slim prc girls out there and I still have nightmares from my experience with Diva where I got pounded. Fortunately Molly was quiet experience in providing a fantastic CG/ASG experience. Not once she slammed her butt into my nuts and it was an extremely great experience. So much so, she got me to blow not long afterwards. This was probably a feat none has achieved to date, so grats to Molly. Afterwards, she then provided a very good massage while I was still on my back. She then asked me to turn over, which I initially thought for me to go to shower. More massage and then it was on to the shower. 

A check of the time, door to door was about 50min in an one hour booking which wasn't too bad since she got me to blow earlier than usual :P

Cons: 
- So noise outside but it is just the other girl. Unsure if this was Debbie or Ivy/Vicky. But I did dread bumping into Deb since I haven't seen her for some time.
- No english at all. I tried to ask a few simple questions but I just go a grunt and no committal smile. So it does feel rather strange. 
- Average looker, may not be your cup of tea. 
- No kissing at all.

Pros:
- Real picture on the ad. That is definately her body and she wore the exact same outfit.
- Did not try to short changed me and attempted to hit the one hour mark with a nice massage. 
- Great service and friendly attitude. Despite no english, she was giving her 100%. 

I wouldn't mind going back to Molly tbh as it is at a lower price point but gave a pretty good service.
Unfortunately, I noticed her BP ad has disappeared.


