Thread Title: Wendy - Springvale - 0426 911 306
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th August 2018, 03:17 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Wendy - Springvale - 0426 911 306
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy aka Honey

Establishment : PWL Locanto says Clayton but it is Springvale (previously Noble Park)

Date of Visit : July 2018

ContactDetails/Address/Weblink : Locanto 0426911306

Hours of Business : 10.00 till late 

Rates : $130 - 30 minutes - Massage, Exchange, DATY, FIA, FS, Etc....

Age : 42 Y/O Mature

Size/shape : Size 14 (Increased from last advt) 38 F, Landing Strip

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and FS 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...c-Service.html


A new name, a new price structure, a new location and, an increase in her breast size....lol

Honey, now called Wendy, has moved into a new premises and it is the Ritz compared to the previous motel. This new venue is located in a dead end street in Springvale, near the station. The apartment block is very new and when I ventured there, the intercom was not yet working. I now believe this to be fixed.

I called and she remembered my number. She informed me of the relocation, which I knew was happening. I asked about Sarah and she said that she was not available that day. I asked if I could see her (Wendy) and a time was booked, with her giving me the address details. I arrived into a traffic choked dead end street, with the council carpark packed. I struck it lucky and got a park after a male left the apartment block and went to his car parked opposite. I'm guessing her was a lucky punter.

I got the room number from Wendy and went to the front door of the apartment block. Bugger the intercom did not work and I could not get in. I called Wendy and she said she would come down to get me. This she did. She recognised me and once in the lift, alone with her, she gave me a hug and a kiss. She also copped a feel of Wol, who was stirring in my pants. 

We caught the lift to the 3rd floor and went to the room. Wendy told me that the had just moved in and this was quite obvious as there were no curtains or blinds on any of the windows. The view from the window of the bedroom we were in showed the school and playgrounds below us. 

As I knew the game I handed over the required $130 and began to to undress. After hiding the cash, Wendy returned and, naked as I was, I asked if I could undress her. She came and caressed Wol who was glad to see her ...lol......I slowly stripped her of her clothes, underwear and we were off to the races.

I won't go into detail, suffice to say it was identical to our previous meeting. (Albeit, there was no interruption from Sarah entering the room). Fingering, DATY, MISH and Doggie were all actioned with me removing the Dom and unloading onto her bum, butt cheeks and inside thighs. I was impressed. 

We cleaned each other, with Wendy going to have a shower as I got dressed. She returned as I was ready to leave. She asked me to help her dress (huh) and I did so. The sight of her breasts enclosed in her red bra stirred the loins again, but I must away.

Wendy showed me to the door and I was off. I will return, hopefully to see Sarah. If not, I could see Wendy again.....

Good punting to all.......


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th August 2018, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gents, In the review below,  I have referred to a Sarah, who I met in very interesting circumstances. (Reference my review of Honey-Noble Park) in this forum. 

I have now found this advert. Here she is.....

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...Available.html


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th August 2018, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bad news gents. Based on Wollee's description and her Locanto add I went to book Sarah today but was informed she is on a break until further notice.
Sure enough her Locanto add has been updated to reflect the same news.
So we will have to wait (fingers crossed) she comes back and we can then review.
Hoping nothing bad has happened... maybe just on holiday...
Cheers
Jas


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd August 2018, 11:19 AM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Guys,
Was searching the web and came across this add for Sarah:

https://www.kissyoubaby.com/ads/list...available/5531

Of course curiosity got the better of me and I wondered if it was the same Sarah. So checked out the Locanto ad and "Bingo". Looks like she's back at work again.
So good news. Might have to drop by and try her out. If anyone already has let us know what she is like.
Cheers
Jas


