Thread Title: Winnie (19yo) - Kew - 0420 900 998
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2017, 06:29 PM
Poster ID: Cheekyguy
Post Title: 
 Winnie (19yo) - Kew - 0420 900 998
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Winnie

Establishment : Kew

Date of Visit : 3rd December, 9pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420 900998, Oswin St, Kew
+++NEW 19yo Winnie takes it BALLS DEEP !! ------ [[ FACE PICS ]] - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business :  Not sure

Rates : $130 - 30, $160 - 45, $200 - 60 (+$30 for BBBJ)

Age : 19

Size/shape : About 170cm, slim, nice C cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : FS, DATY, CBJ, BBBJ (+$)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Still scanning through all the ads on CraigsList, Cracker and Backpages - and this ad took my eye for two reasons.  Firstly, they have great pics (enticed) and secondly, they claim to be real.  OK, so nothing new in that - every ad on these sites does that and then you spend an age reverse searching images, texting and watching them go through the same BS.  This ad states - guaranteed to be same girl in pic or fuck for free.  

Seemed to good to be true.  Very pleased to say - it isn't!

Rocked up to address in Kew after a few texts - at time of booking was $120 per 30 (saved meself a tenner there).  Enquired re: BBBJ with the mamasan (note: these girls do NOT text directly so keep yo flirt until you get there) and got told extra $30 (which pretty much brings it in line with most Melbourne prices of $150 per 30 nowadays (oh how I long for the old days, lol).

Anyway, rocked up - asked who I was seeing by older mamasan (admit that I first shit myself it was going to be her) . . . then got walked in to meet Winnie.  She is lovely, pics are real and she was dressed in a beautiful cream dress.  Full length but cut around the cleavage.  If I saw this girl out in a pub or club I would have stared - so I was instantly smiling and into it.  She grabs my hand and takes me to the bedroom.

Had showered before I got there so waited as she disappeared to the ensuite - literally had to listen to her pee then wash before she comes out and peels off the dress.  By this time I was naked and staring.  Her boobs are not quite as big as her pics suggest but they are pretty damn fine.  She has the typical asian body, not much shape to her butt and a little landing strip that pointed towards a little bit of heaven. 

Anyway, cut a long story short.  Went for $120, covered BJ was nice and she loved to keep sucking on my nipples as she played with my balls.  We shifted to a nice 69 and the sight of her pert little pussy opening up to my tongue was enough for me to be happy with the money well spent.  We got into it, bit of missionary, bent her over - lots of noise but not in an over the top way - she genuinely seemed into it (which is always treated with absolute cynicism from me, lol) . . . Anyway, finally got to the point of blowing and peeled of the safety plastics and she sat astride me as she jerked me slowly.  Not sure why but I managed to shoot hard.  Into my own face - which mortified us both - she was scrambling for a tissue - I was laughing at the absurdity of hitting my own chin instead of hers.  

Suffice to say it was a great 30 mins, showered whilst I admired her figure, then swapped.  Kissed and hugged with a glint in our eyes.  

Would I go back?  Yes - love the honesty in their ads.  Would I recommend? - Sure - for a basic service with no thrills - was good.  Enjoy!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Are they on Studley Park Rd?  Is that Winnie in the ad?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 08:37 PM
Poster ID: Cheekyguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not that place - this was a private house on Oswin St and yep - was definitely the girl in the ad just as promised


