Thread Title: Yilia - 0491 209 850 - Nunawading (FAKE)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th May 2018, 07:32 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Yilia - 0491 209 850 - Nunawading (FAKE)
				
Post Content: 
https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...unawading.html

Apologies mods but couldn't get the template up on my phone. Will do later. Wanted to get the fake out there.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th May 2018, 08:26 AM
Poster ID: NoFeelings
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Burvale hotel? Avoid that place man, girl in there has stds or something, I left mid booking


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th May 2018, 09:22 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe you could post a review? After all, thats what we are here for....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st May 2018, 06:09 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yilia

Establishment :  PWL located at Burvale Motel, Cnr Springvale Rd and Burwood Hwy

Date of Visit : mid May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $130/0.5h

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : short/med height, good curves

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : tit body rub, ball sick licking, ball sucking, CBJ, sex

Value for money/recommend? : no / no

My experience/comments : Had a limited time window and massage place wanted to go to wasn't answering so checked for ads in suburb. Had seen this one earlier and thought the jean shorts and cleavage looked outstanding, of course only if not fake. Good text responses. As WL couldn't speak much English texts were from someone else. While this motel is now on my don't go to fake list, like that place in Lt Bourke St just up from Elizabeth, being able to park at the room makes for a fast stop. Usual hiding behind door thing, WL didn't look the same as ad but as face in ad was pixelated wasn't sure. After checked the ad photos and clearly fake. Handed over three pineapples, didn't have change. Had some in car so went and got it. Sometimes I'm ok with the $20 tip, but not for this one. WL gets me to lie on bed, looked clean enough but early in the day. Rubbed her tits over me which wasn't too bed, went to reach around and play with the pussy but moved so I couldn't touch. Tried a different way and moved again so no touching the pussy. As No Feelings notes above maybe that was a good thing. WL then kneels between my legs and does a great job kissing my balls and then sucking on the left ball. Bit of pubic hair in her mouth wiped out with tissue and back in for more. Then on with dom and good CBJ with concentration on the knob. Had to stop that fairly quickly as was going to blow. WL jumps down on her back and spreads her legs and moves me to mount up in mish. Fairly tight. Still no touching of the pussy. WL reaches through and plays with my balls as I'm pumping and blow into the dom. WL cleans me up and out the door. Thought at the time it was a very clinical session. With No Feelings comments that was a good thing. No Feelings, would be good to know what happened with your session.


