Thread Title: Yoyo - melb cbd - 0414 066 922
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th December 2017, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 Yoyo - melb cbd - 0414 066 922
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yo yo

Establishment : Private Appt

Date of Visit : Nov 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : OUT/INCALL? AAA??????NEW+NEW+Slim Young Girl??????Wet &Tight Pussy ??100% Real??-0414066922 - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250 p/h

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Standard BP 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Scanning away at BP to see what the market was like and noticed an ad for Yoyo, which looked pretty promising. 
While I usually avoid ads with a paper/name as it is normally an agent, I decided to give this one a shot. 

So made the usual arranagement and locked in a set time. I also asked to make sure she provided massage if time permits. The only thing was, the place was located outside the usual CBD grid out in the west. Still the sun was out and it wasn't much of a stroll from Flagstaff gardens.

Finally got to the appartment and was into a place where there was a small two bed room apartment with a couple of bunk beds i the lounge room O_o.
Yoyo was a very pretty looking girl and it was definately the girl in the phto. She even had the same set of underwear as the picture. 

Into the bedroom and sorted out the transaction, and chatted a bit. Her english was average at best and can only understand basic words/sentences. 

The action was pretty average. Nice CBJ (tried to upsell +50 for BBBJ but I did not have any spare cash). Not long after, applied lube and hoped on for Cowgirl action. 
Like other BP the action did not last too long and she asked for MISH. The 2x biggest con for this girl was that she was very loose and did not offer kissing / DFK. 

Gave mish a go, but it was like pumping thin air and I eventually lost my hardon. She tried a HG and then said lets shower to get you relaxed. So we showered together but
it was to give me a very good washover. Perhaps due to the hot day, I sweated a bit  Scrubbed my armpit and cock. Back into the room and had a very nice massage. At this point watching the mirror, I notice she has a pretty atheletic body and even a little six pack when she pushed into my back. 

On to part two of the action after the massage, she got my cock hard after more CBJ and then back to CG. But she got a little tired again pretty soon and I lost a bit of interested as I can't help thinking it was a bit loose down stairs. There was also a fair bit of noise/distraction outside, as well as the heat. The room was extremely hot and there was no AC!! Tried a different position but it was just not happening, especially the look of disapproval / attitude she was starting to give. She then pretty much ended it there and asked if I wanted a shower. Sure, anything to get out of that room which was getting a bit stuffy. Only problem was, there were guests outside. Looks like other working girls, so had to endure the walk of shame 

Overall it was rather an average experience once more. She was very pretty and had a nice slim bodyu. She looked and size similar to Rola Bloom if you want to comparel. But Rola is a bit more younger/prettier. 

The heat does not help either. I think I will stop punting during the summer unless the girl has aircon. 

Checked the clock as I got back from the first shower to getting dressed and it was about 40mins. So it was a total of about 50min end to end.

Not the best nor the worst experience.


