Thread Title: Yoyo - Carnegie, Melbourne, Victoria - 0432 422 843
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th October 2017, 12:49 AM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: 
 Yoyo - Carnegie, Melbourne, Victoria - 0432 422 843
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Yoyo

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit :  4/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 422 843 - Dandenong Rd, Carnegie - Young and Fresh??Excellent oral suck /69/ kiss?Professional Massage?Come to try my skills - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business :  Prior to midnight daily she said

Rates :   $130 / 30 mins

Age :  23+

Size/shape : 8 / Slim but curvy with natural D's

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided :  Basic FS

Value for money/recommend? :  No / No 

My experience/comments : 

Unfortunately, another bit of a backpage failure.  I should be learning from my previous mistakes, but I'm obviously a bit slow 

Contact and negotiation was easy enough although missed the first obvious warning sign that the SMS reply was via a different number (0401 094 022) than the advert on backpage and as stated above.

Knocked on the motel room given upon arrival and was greeted by a pretty enough girl in lingerie and was invited to shower first.  All good, so jumped in but wasn't joined by her as I was expecting/assumed from something she said.

Anyhow dried off and joined her on the bed.

Started out with the obligatory nipple licking.  Her on me, which I don't really understand, like or get any arousal from but seems to be a mandatory cultural thing so just went with it and relaxed a while till she was done 

Yoyo has nice breasts, large D's, busty and natural.  Could have been to girl in the photo's but probably not.  Had limited english but wasn't one of these translator app users I've read about.

Next was a bbbj which I'd arranged for the princely sum of $20 extra.  Was probably only average at best, but compared to the service to follow ended up being the highlight.

Asked for a 69, which somehow was misinterpreted to her straddling my face but pulling away from anything more than a gentle lick.

At this stage it's clear the girl has maybe been working a bit hard and was sensitive, but on with the dom and into some half hearted cow girl followed by a bit of doggie with arched back to minimise any penetration.

Now I'm not large by any stretch, below average at best.  However, I'm lucky that I don't have any issues getting hard, staying hard or simply blowing almost on demand.  So I just released and finished up to get out asap.

From door knock to back in my car in about 20 mins.

Oh well, this is why its called punting although taking a rest from BP for a while, at least the lower end of the market anyhow.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th October 2017, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Seems a little better than the encounter i had here


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th October 2017, 10:01 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I shudder to think what your experience was then.  
Writing the review I was trying hard not to get too down and negative but it was hard not to go down that path.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th October 2017, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by monsa


I shudder to think what your experience was then.  
Writing the review I was trying hard not to get too down and negative but it was hard not to go down that path
"""



Always post an honest description of your experience, good, bad or indifferent. We all know YMMV.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th October 2017, 07:52 AM
Poster ID: blakes7
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks monsa, it could have turned out well - if it was the girl in the pics. Lol

I'd seen her advertising as well - but decided since she's charging the same as a legal brothel I may as well just go to a brothel and intro a few people before I decide.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th October 2017, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : YoYo 

Establishment : Motel on Dandenong road first room as you drive in

Date of Visit : 4/9/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 422 843 - Dandenong Rd, Carnegie - Young and Fresh??Excellent oral suck /69/ kiss?Professional Massage?Come to try my skills - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : until mid night 

Rates : $100/ 20 min 

Age : 40's

Size/shape : size 8 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - almost no english

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No - would not return

My experience/comments : My experience was similar to Monsa, sms came back with different number, obviously she has no English.  Paid $100, she showed me shower, but didn't join in.  Reasonable size boobs small body but not petit.  I lay down she sucked my nipples and then got condom out and started some light sucking.  The asked her to sixty nine which she did but she was suffering from a bad case of smelly snatch so I didn't go near it.  flipped her over and gave her some missionary then got her to switch to doggie and power finished. Pussy wasn't tight and disappointing - she made no effort at all.  Had another shower, got dressed said thanks in Chinese and and she seemed surprised, then walked out (I know about 10 words).  All up I was there for 17 minutes from car door to car door - so I am glad I didn't pay the extra for 30 mins.  The switch bait will teach me to walk if its not her but the dimly lit room and 7 days supply of juice got the better of me.  Happy punting


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 09:18 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think everybody who visits this motel are just happy to leave in the end.


