Thread Title: Yoyo - Box Hill, Vic - 0416 863 199
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th November 2017, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: Cheekyguy
Post Title: 
 Yoyo - Box Hill, Vic - 0416 863 199
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : Private - Melbourne Backpages

Date of Visit : 25/11/17

Address : [Removed by Moderator]

Contact Number : 0416 863 199

Rates : $100-20 mins / $150-30mins / $250-60mins

Age : early 30's (add states 21).

Size/shape : Slim, short, cute with nice B-rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : (Claims) Full GFE, 69, toys, strip tease, role play, shower, BBBJ, CIM, Squirt (extra $)

Value for money/recommend? : NO

Link: Melbourne Backpages

My experience/comments : Been a while since I partook in any shenanigans and after (literally) stumbling across Melbourne Backpages for the first time (told you it has been a while!) - was intrigued by the amazing looking women appearing to offer themselves.  

Not a newbie, so pretty much ruled out 90% of the ads as being total BS in that the claims of "Real Pic" are technically true - they are real pics, just not of anyone who you will ever meet.  

Anyway, with this girl, I was intrigued by the 38FF claim (who wouldn't be, right?) and the fact I couldn't find her pics using my usual reverse searches.  So, figured best to open up via text about what I was seeking and straight out ask her how legit she was.

Herein lies the rub - firstly, don't believe you are ever texting these girls directly.  Clearly, when I eventually rocked up (read below) - the girl had no idea what texts had taken place . . but I digress.

Secondly, the girl in the pics is very similar to the girl I met.  Minus the 38FF's.  Literally, similar hair style - was cute enough and almost had me fooled it was actually her . . . until I looked at her cleavage and the sad realisation was that I had just handed over my money before really knowing I had been conned.  My bad.

I had the whole text convo in advance about being short on time and literally didn't need a FS ($100 for 20 mins) but instead was just after a BBBJ.  Had even agreed the $100.

Girl stripped - my disappointment on her body was swallowed up (her body is nice and slim, B cups . . but not what I wanted!) . . . and then she tells me to lie down for a massage.  At this point I should have been like WTF and just explained - but I swear I wondered if maybe she was just warming me up with a friendly rub to ease me into it.  Idiot.

Anyway, after 15 minutes of excrutiating elbows into my back (I actually have an old ACL dislocation and this bloody hurt me), I stopped her and flipped myself over.  At this point she grabs a condom and I a like 'ummm . . . no - as per text.  Agreed on just a BBBJ remember?' . . . .  She (literally) grimaced and blurted "20 dollars more" to which I replied with a 'pass my phone so I can show you what we agreed'.  Then, reluctantly, she agreed and popped the old fella into her mouth.

5 seconds later, she spat into a bucket.  Now I am a conscientious dude - I had literally showered before I arrived so I know there was nothing untoward or any sort of dirt going on.  Just not me  . . .  this was literally her response to being asked to suck me . . . .despite her ad saying that was all part of her service.

Anyway, she did this twice more (literally took 10 seconds) then stopped and before I could say a word, had grabbed a bottle of oil and started to drown me down below.  I swear that even when I have been lucky enough to anal some newbies - they have never used so much lube.  I felt like my dick was going to be put in the oven for roasting.  Then she proceeds to tug me whilst moaning like she was getting off on some memories she must have in her head.

By this point, I was done.  Conned, faked, not even doing the service she advertised, asking for more cash and (despite her being quite cute) . . just not doing it for me.  I bolted.  Literally, pushed her away, got dressed - neither of us saying a word - she knew I was seriously pissed . . . . and then did the classic English thing.  I left without complaint.  

Idiot, I know. $100 for an oiled up set of blue balls.  Will I return - hell no.  Will I keep falling for ads on Melbourne Backpages - probably.  Will I ever find a real set of 38FF's in Melbourne  . . . I live in hope.

Hope your experiences vary


