Thread Title: Zoe - Melbourne CBD - 0404 779 518
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th January 2019, 10:49 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: 
 Zoe - Melbourne CBD - 0404 779 518
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoe from Taiwan

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : January 2019 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...sian-City.html

Phone : 0404 779 518 

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : 
1hr for $230
45mins for $180
30mins for $130
20mins for $100

(Massage-Price )
Erotic Nude Happy ending
1hr for $170
30mins for $100

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : Huge natural tits, very curvy girl, short with long hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwnese

Services Provided : Full sex 45 minutes - $180

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you like full figure girls.

Called Zoe who operates on Elizabeth st near the market.  When the door opened, I was surprised by these enormous natural tits, although her fiure was a little larger than I expected.  Her photos in her add are a mixture of her and photo shopping.  She looks like this:



I tested her to see if she really was from Taiwan as I have lived and worked there, and seems she was. We started the session with some lame massage, she was more intent on talking about Taiwan and it was getting a little tiresome, so I took control and got her to give me some BBBJ.  She started off using some teeth and I had to direct her to not to.  I then flipped her on her back and started to give her some DATY with FIV which she was enjoying but it was taking too long to get her over the line.  Her puss was very tight and I even found it hard to get two fingers in. I then got her to do a little more BBBJ as I was starting to go a bit soft.

On with the dom and I fucked her missionary - boy what a tight puss.  She enjoyed looking in the full length mirror on the wardrobe, as did I. 

Overall pretty standard sort of session, there was very little kissing, and just light, but then again, I am not too fussed as I am old enough to be her father and I can understand some girls won't participate.

A lot of these girls just want you in and out, but I didn't feel that with Zoe, as she was warm, friendly and eager to please.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th January 2019, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: Lif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I’ve actually seen Zoe too, I forgot. I’m not gonna g to write a review because our experience is similar enough but I would politely disagree that her photos are her. Boobs wise, absolutely no complaints. She just had a lot more meat around her tummy. Basically the photos are a hotter version of her with the photos being more complimentary of the curves.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2019, 01:53 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Lif


I’ve actually seen Zoe too, I forgot. I’m not gonna g to write a review because our experience is similar enough but I would politely disagree that her photos are her. Boobs wise, absolutely no complaints. She just had a lot more meat around her tummy. Basically the photos are a hotter version of her with the photos being more complimentary of the curves
"""



I did mention there was photoshopping.


