Thread Title: Asian Minx - North Sydney - 0420 806 398
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2012, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: cato
Post Title: 
 Asian Minx - North Sydney - 0420 806 398
				
Post Content: 
MANDY

(I have placed this in 'establishments' rather than privates even though it is run from a private block of apartments)


This place is run by Mimi from a Sydney CBD address. You call on the above number and the mamasan directs you to the address in North Sydney, which is in a fairly new residential building very close to the North Sydney CBD.  Some years ago this mamasan also had a similar set up in Meadowbank, where a lady would work from a private apartment and take her bookings through the mamasan in the CBD.


I saw this ad on cracker and recognised the phone number as belonging to Mimi, who has run several shops over the years in apartments from Kent Street and Day Street in the CBD. They're currently still operating out of Day Street.


The cracker ad showed a pic of a lady called Coco and when I called the mamasan confirmed that Coco was available.


However, when I showed up, the lady at the apartment was not Coco, but Mandy. Mandy looked very nice wearing nice lingerie. She had a very pert C cup rack that was bursting out of her lacy bra, so I just didn't have the heart to argue that I had booked Coco... LOL


It was $ 170 for the hour and I gotta say the apartment is very new and very classy. Shower was almost brand new with designer tiles and bathware.


After showering, Mandy disrobed to reveal a very lovely early 30's milf body. She's not tiny, I'd say a size 8-10 but very firm curves with just a slighly soft tummy.
But she was very attractive. IMO a pretty chinese porcelain doll face. Amazing tits, which defied gravity.  They looked natural, but after playing with them extensively, they felt a bit firm in the centre so I suspect they are enhanced, but if it has the punter guessing then it must be a first class boob-job.


She was happy to BBBJ for as long as I liked and then we screwed in lots of positions.  The highlight was a full floor to ceiling mirror on the built-in sliding doors which made for many kodak moments. Mandy even joined in to watch me pound her in doggie and side saddle, all the while giggling at my great enjoyment of the view... 


FYI, she does not DFK, just a few light pecks on the lips.  I was clean shaven and I am big on oral hygiene so it wasn't my breath. (Just an observation because I know many of my fellow punters would consider this a deal breaker)


FYI 2: Mandy's english is very limited, although she tries very hard and made many genuine attempts to learn new words and expressions by asking me the meanings of words and how to pronounce them correctly. I found this rather endearing...


As I was having such a great time, I did the stop and start thing so as not to go for two rounds but rather one long one.  When I finally finished in very vigorous flat doggie, she cleaned me up and there was still 15 mins left for a nice massage. Mandy gives quite a competent massage although it could have been a bit harder.


A very good punt, especially after the pleasant surprise of being allocated a very pretty milf.  I'll probably go back for Mandy but I am still keen to try Coco.
BTW, Coco's cracker pic is just a shot of her curvy ass bent over.  Her starfish looks like it has seen some serious action and the ad confirmed this by stating that she does "all extras".


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd November 2014, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cracker ad was around in Jun 2014, but gone now.

That ad had this distinctive phrase, "Asian Mature Rainbow ( Anal is available )".

Another ad with the same phrase, http://cracker.com.au/sydney-nsw/ero...inbow&region=3 has
a different contact number.

Another ad (maybe ancient) for the number in the title is, Asian Horny Mature : Escorts - Female






    Category: Main > Escorts - Female

Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on email More Sharing ServicesMore
Back
Asian Horny Mature


Free Sex Hookup
Contact Me:

    For extra special service tell me you found me on Booty.com.au
    0420806398



STANDARD RATES
In Call Rates
Rates from $$110.00 Contact Me for details. Make sure you mention you saw my ad on booty.com.au
Additional Rates / Info
For the best service, mention you saw my ad on booty.com.au
Profile Stats

    Nickname:    user7683264
    Age:    18+
    Ethnicity:    Other
    Dress Size:    See Listing
    Body Type:    See Listing
    Hair Colour:    See Listing
    Eye Colour:    See Listing
    Bust Size:    See Listing
    Height:    See Listing
    Location:    Australia > NSW > Sydney > Sydney City

About Me
I am Helen , 55 year old plus mature Asian lady . I love sex and would you like to join me at my private apartment in the Sydney CBD for an experience only a mature woman can deliver . Come and caress my silky smooth skin and voluptuous breasts . I am cater for all your desires and fantasies . . . ( golden shower , rimming . . . ) My price are : Incall $ 110 / 30 mins $ 170 / 60 mins $ 300 / 60 mins ( gold service ) Outcall $ 230 / 60 mins Overnight $ 700 ( my place ) $ 1100 ( your place )


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd November 2014, 12:59 PM
Poster ID: cato
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey fartichoke,

Thanks for the info. These ladies still operate out of a private apartment in Kent Street Sydney and regularly advertise on cracker usually titled "mature asian threesome party" or similar.

A 3-4 weeks back I finally got around to making an appointment with the Coco who was the objective of my original review above.  I called and asked the mamasan if Coco was working and she told me 'yes she's here" I made a booking and drove a good 20 mins into the CBD.  After I finally got inside I was offered 2 milfs and they kept insisting that I see one of them, saying that Coco was still 'busy'.

Of course, no sign of Coco as she wasn't even working that night.  Mamasan was not on site but just takes the calls from elsewhere.  The other two milfs even offered me a double for the single price, but I was that pissed off at being dudded I just walked out and then gave the mamasan a call back and blasted her.  She was very apologetic but it didn't make me feel any better.

I've not attempted to book Coco again. They demand big bucks for just average looking milfs. One could easily get a top quality milf in a decent venue for no more than 150 an hour (in a few places you can easily get a younger hottie for less).  Don't think I'll try my luck again with these operators.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th September 2017, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: johnzan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Cato, good to see your above reviews. Have you tried this "establishments" later on? I guess this coco and mimi have no relationship with the two massage legendaries in this forum, right? Any updates regarding this thread? I am quite interested in their ads on cracker, but so far, I am quite hesitated due to the lack of info and my rationality. I wish I could pick the girl or someone reliable, but so far, it looks like I would be randomly assigned a girl which totally depends on luck...Though the pics in the ad are quite attractive. 

Their latest ad:Sassy Asian mature with touch of class 0420806398 Sydney cbd - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au







Hello Gentlemen, 

My name is May from Singapore, sz8. I love indulging in playful, erotic and passionate encounters which is what its all about me. You time with me is unrushed and I know how to please...

My service including:

Girl friend experience 
Mutual oral 
Kissing 
Rimming 
Full nude body massage 
Full service 

Incall & Outcall rate 

$180 for 30mins 
$250 for 60mins 

Come play with me soon. If you love mature women, look no further. I'm a tiger in the bedroom...
Poster's age: 50


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th September 2017, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe you could TOFTT, make a booking and share your info with the Forum for a change? The only 2 complying reviews I can find from you in the last 12 months are the two you posted in May to regain your membership after a downgrade due to lack of reviews.

You are scheduled for another downgrade very soon if no reviews are forthcoming.


