Thread Title: Bridgette's Bordello - Atchison Street, St Leonards NSW - 0425 261 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th April 2017, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: Phil McCavity
Post Title: 
 Bridgette's Bordello - Atchison Street, St Leonards NSW - 0425 261 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bianca

Establishment : Bridgette's Bordello

Date of Visit : Late March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.bridgettesbordello.com.au/enter

Hours of Business : Not sure. I went late morning

Rates : $160/30

Age : Mid-40's

Size/shape : Skinny, A cups, about 5'8"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian but very Aussie

Services Provided : The works.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

So, I thought I'd give this place a go. Bianca is ex AH as is the receptionist/organiser/etc and I believe a few of the other WLs. It's a small apartment in a secure block - they can buzz you into the building but have to come down to get you in the lift. They had only been operating for a few days and hadn't quite sorted that out yet but I'm sure it'll come good.

There's reasonable street parking (metered) with a 2 hour limit ($7/hour). I found myself a spot, deposited enough for an hour and a half just in case, and headed to the front door. I got buzzed in, met at the lift and taken up to the place.

The building is quite nice as is the apartment - quite clean and modern. I get led into the living room and Bianca rises from her chair and says "Oh YOU!" (I've seen her 3 or 4 times before but it's been a while), struts over, locks lips and wraps a leg around me. I fumbled my wallet out and paid, and was led into the room. It's a small room for a large bed but we didn't have a lot of need for anything else. We undressed each other amidst lots of groping, DFK and rubbing of groins.

Onto the bed and she went straight for my now-firm cock. I'd milked it myself less than 2 hours before to make sure of no early finishes but she damn near blew me in the first 2 minutes. Wonderful technique, no teeth, warm, wet and deep. I had to put a stop to it if I was going to get to fuck her, so I coaxed her up for more DFK and groping. After a bit more of this we moved to sex but we didn't make it past cowgirl as she'd already heated me up so well earlier.

A nice chat, a shower and a drive home with a big smile on my face followed.

Looks : 8.5 - would rate better if her boobs were a bit bigger
DFK : 9.5
BBBJ : 9.9
Sex : 10

Afterwards I thought it added to the experience that we sorted the commercial stuff on arrival and the two of us went straight to the room and stayed there. I was pretty clean so we skipped the initial shower. It really did make it feel less commercial.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2017, 12:14 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They were advertising on cracker, locate and back pages from memory..

I believe it is a "domestic" situation and residence..

I have "edited" the address on it as it may cause problems down the track..

Just be mindful in future chaps about "residential" setups.. we all know what can happen.......

AB


