Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th July 2010, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: 
 1/232 Military Rd, Neutral Bay - 02 9953 0585
				
Post Content: 
In a local rag (NST), this place advertises along with 3 other places in Brookvale, Crows Nest & CBD, "Hot Raunchy Ladies, 18-24 y olds". Don't know about the other places, but for me a recent visit was a disappointment  Of course, YMMV.

232 Military Rd is actually a laundromat but a sharp eye saw a small sign indicating that the place of interest is entered from Waters Rd… or you could walk right thru the laundry to the rear yard. The gate on Waters Rd is discreet, you then climb the back stairs and ring the bell. I was greeted by a Sonia who led me to a room and gave me a pleasant intro spiel including "it's my first day here too". Sonia's prob 30-something, quite attractive but I reckoned it certainly wasn't her first day somewhere or other… however, by session's end I was wishing I'd opted for her. There were 2 girls on.

Instead I met and chose Natalie, a 20-something cutie, 5'4" sz-8 B-cups who showed me the shower, led me to another room and left me to de-robe and wash. She returns, I opt for 30 mins FS at $100, despite a previous phone call quote of $90… 2nd mistake… speak up hard! Ah well, WTF, it's only freakin' money and hey, this is silvertail country.

Natalie suggests a bit of a massage to begin… ineffectual waste of time… I flip and suggest we get down to it. Dom on and she begins with cbj. Now I don't know about you but a bit of commitment, sensuality, eye contact, even fake enjoyment helps a bloke rise for the occasion, esp as I was offering plenty of caressing and words of encouragement… but no… Nat's a fuck-by-numbers girl. I struggle to get ½ hard – the l'il prof's not impressed… so I suggest mish. I manage to engage… and poke around her nice tight pussy for a bit while attempting to kiss, caress and encourage. More waste of time, so I ask her to flip for doggy. She obliges and I persist for some time before she starts to 'clock-watch'. WTF, this babe should be working downstairs in the laundry… she would have got more job-satisfaction… we conclude the session with an attempt at more cbj then hj. Nope. 

I'll be blunt. My cock was having none of it. I left with her "so sorry you didn't cum" apologies ringing in my ears.

Now maybe it was me, although I was revved up for relief. However, if I gained anything from the visit here was to take the advice of others… take the older girl… take the milf… they have the track-record, the experience, they simply know fucky-fucky… even quick-time fucky-fucky…

A word about the place. Despite in silvertail territory, a description of flea-pit is probably a bit too harsh but there is a sense of knocked-up, condemned building about it. I might add that during my after-shower, a towel that had been hanging over the heater in the massage room had almost caught fire and Natalie was very distressed with the smoke. I reckon that despite the laundry downstairs, punters get used towels. They do have a liquid soap dispenser.

The place: 1/10, merely a tatty fuck-shop. Better value elsewhere.
Prices: $90/30, $140/60 for FS (phone quote). With no mamasan in sight, the girls seem to ask for extra $.
Services: I guess it all depends on the girl and if you click?
Massage: 0/10 (didn't happen)
HJ: 0/10 (if you're still reading…)
CBJ: 1/10 (she didn't bite)
Sex: 1/10 (self relief would have been appropriate)
Value for money/recommend: This day, 0/10 & no, but YMMV

Other comments: Why the fuck have I written so much for this joint??? My contrib for the team...? 

I left and went to Artarmon for relief… review when I get around to writing again... c ya.

h


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th July 2010, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
your commended for toftt mate.. 

no one likes to have a bad punt.. 

ab


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th December 2010, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: johndel
Post Title: 
 232, Military Road, Neutral Bay
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mika

Establishment (if applicable): 232, Military Road, Neutral Bay

Contact Details/Address: (02) 9953 0585 

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)  11am to midnight (approx)

Prices: FS $100 for 30 mins, $170 for 60 mins

Age: early 20s

Size/shape:  5'6", medium

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services:  BJ (covered), sex in multiple positions

Value for money/recommend?: Reasonable

My experience/comments:

Called in here 3 weeks ago and chose a young Thai girl called Mika (I think). Took the 60 minute FS option.  Mika was pleasant enough, quite good English and not tempted to talk too much. A little puppy fat when the clothes came off but in an atractive way - definitely not what you could call overweight or anything.

What followed was a perfectly ok covered BJ, sex in a few positions - mish, cowgirl, finished in doggy. She relaxed back with a bit of conversation - her English is good and a cuddle on the bed. I left well satisfied.

Mika was a little shy in the room, perhaps she might loosen up a bit on repeat visits. However although I enjoyed myself I am not tempted to try again.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th December 2010, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah, these run-of-the-mill nothing-special-or-memorable places are a bugger, eh? They may fill a need and there's generally some market for them but when you discover a place that's a cut above and where the ladies really leave you happy and eager to return, these by-the-numbers knockshops don't stand a chance.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th December 2010, 06:15 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am still looking for another one that matches that description, FlyBoy ..... A couple more reports in preparation (Rydalmere, Artarmon & Petersham), but nothing special yet.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th May 2011, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: paddyo
Post Title: 
 First review... Lisa 232 Military Rd Neutral Bay
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lisa

Establishment : 232 Military Road  (Its above a laundry shop.. enter from rear up the stairs)

Date of Visit: Nov 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 99530585

Hours of Business: 

Rates: $100 FS & BBBJ

Age: Late 20's Early 30's

Size/shape: Slim Tall 

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Thai

Services Provided: BBBJ & Anal

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: This is my first review on XXX

I have been to 232 a few times and have met Lisa who is usually the receptionist,  she is actually a very convincing Ladyboy and I one day I decided to walk on the wild side.  I phoned and made an appointment with Lisa (she answered the phone ).  

She said that she is a Ladyboy is that ok?.   Yeah I know I replied. 

Ok so rock up and another lady answers the door and I ask for Lisa,  the girl just smiled and showed me to the room.  Lisa appears in a little dress (she usually dressed in jeans) very slim feminine long legs and waist length long black hair.  She asked again was I alright with her being a ladyboy,  I said this was fine.

Anyway give her the $100 she disappears with the money and I jump in the shower, I the get out dry off and lie face down on the bed.  Lisa comes in and locks the door she undresses down to her underwear (I am watching her in the large wall mirror facing the bed).  She then straddles my back to give a firm massage and then she removes the Bra,  she has the most perfect perky boobs with nice small nipples and she starts rubbing around my back.  Her skin is so soft and I get aroused so I turn around to suck her tits they are beautiful and I can't believe they were/are a man's,  I then remove her knickers and I can see she is pre-op .  Anyway continue with sucking her tits and I rub her little nub... its all shaved with a little stubble and its so small, a little bit firm (can tell aroused to a certain extent) but not erect.  My hand caress'es her little balls & penis and in all they dont feel real only about 1/3-1/2 size of my own,  Lisa then starts sucking my cock and its probably the best BBBJ I have ever had.  I am fondling all over her body and its so perfect no sign of scars around the boobs that I could see .....just she has a dick.  

I also get a good look at her face and its very feminine, this guy was just born to be a woman.  Anyway my cock is throbbing and Lisa asked did I want to Fuck her,  yes why not.  She rolls the condom on me and then she discreetly applies herself with a bit of lube round the back before slowly impaling herself on my cock in the cowgirl postion,  she was very tight and her eyes rolled back in her head as she reached the hilt.  She continued in that position and then we changed to doggy,  I give her a good hammering and she was pretty vocal (but sound very like a man now) I soon cum in the dom while gripping her lovely boney ass and giving maximum penetration to the very end.

She disposed of the dom and cleaned me up and we relax for a while,  she asked first time with Ladyboy and I said yeah but it has been on my list for a while.  In all I didn't feel awkward or anything it was a really good experience.

I have not returned but then have had no other punts since,  would I return.. Yes if a walk on the wild side was required.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th June 2011, 10:15 AM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm now at the age when a fuck a fortnight is about right, but reading Paddyo's  review of Lisa I couldn't resist, especially since the place is almost on my doorstep, and though I'd always avoided it as it sounded pretty cruddy.   I hadn't had a Ladyboy for about fifteen years, and Lisa sounded well worth getting to know.   This is certainly not a luxurious place though the towel I got was clean enough.   I agree about Lisa's body - her breasts are certainly small, but I like small breasts, and I;'ve seen less shapely and attractive ones on many girls.   I hadn't sucked a cock for a very long time and I'd forgotten how pleasant it is - recollections of the baby's dummy, maybe?   She got hard quite quickly, though not as quickly as me (a guy knows how to suck a cock because he knows how he likes his cock sucked!) and showed signs of wanting to fuck me, but I;'m not into that, so we 69ed for a while more and then I accepted her invitation and she lay back with her legs up to her chest and I slipped in without any difficulty.   If anyone wants the experience I recommend Lisa; she's friendly and without any hang-ups.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 21st July 2011, 10:00 PM
Poster ID: Rkopf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
21July 11. I phoned at 2.30pm to see who was available. Lisa and Sophia. I hadn't seen Sophia before but she answered the door. Attractive late 20s Thai with a western-style body. Pretty and friendly enough but with a big, soft-looking bum.

I said I was here to see Lisa. Sophia seemed a bit surprised but took me to the room to wait for Lisa, who seemed very happy to see me, either because it was raining and quiet, or because I had asked for her by name. 

I won't repeat the description of Lisa, which is mentioned in this thread, but she is the ladyboy at 232. Works most days but not Tuesday. $100 half hour.

After shower, she came back in and undressed, demurely, with her back turned until she was naked. She came straight up the bed to kiss me and seemed really into having her nipples sucked - even a bit harder than I normally would.

We touched and kissed a bit. She got quite hard at my touch and worked her way down to start licking and sucking me. maybe it was my mood on the crappy, rainy day, but her BJ was better than usual. Softer and more sensual and sensuous. She licked and sucked for 15 mins, while I played with her. I was enjoying it so much, I stayed that way until I came in her mouth. BBBJCIM - my favourite. She sucked for a good minute after I came and then leaned across me to grab some tissues, which she spat into, then went back to keep sucking me until I stopped her because I was too sensitive. If I had been able, I think she would have gone for a second round.

We cuddled a little and she offered a neck massage.

A great break on a crappy day.

Lisa is a great girl and excellent value if you are not averse to a very feminine ladyboy.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 22nd July 2011, 09:30 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I posted a review on LISA the "Ladyboy" in mid June but made a mistake and listed it under 232 Military Rd Mosman which is incorrect, I have copied my posting and snuck it in here. OK here we go...thinking about some of the adventures I have done over the past couple of years and posted them on both sites, I have not actually done it with a man (I have been fucked in the rear end by Mischa the Tranny Massager in the X and I have sucked his/her cut weapon, I have had a bum fingering and been sucked of by Ross @ Hurstville (I did NOT touch him) I have been on the same bed with Anne & Mark @ Hornsby but again, he didn't touch me or I him and many years ago I did visit Transend in Cleveland St where the Tranny could NOT get a fat and neither could I) so I have wondered how far could I push myself BUT in no way am I a Poofter or gay just an Adventurer............ SO today I was bored like I am most days, I had a list of 10 Establishments & Numbers I would start ringing from the Car and the first place was 232 Military Rd as that is where Catherine & Mint Thai from Chatswood who worked here as Monica once worked and plus I had never been here to this establishment............ I rang and was informed they have 3 Thai W.L.s and one Lady Boy and the price is $170 P/H so I booked "LISA the LADYBOY" who was $180 p/h which is OK...I turned up and after ringing the bell, I told the Lady who looked OK my name and she informed me she was "Lisa the Ladyboy" fuck she looked OK and not like some of the Trannies you she on Cracker....now this joint is not flash, I wanted to see it as this is where Catherine my Thai Friend who is back in Thailand until the 25th June worked and I wanted to see it. 232 Military Rd has 2 small massage rooms and a larger room with a bed and an illegal shower unit...after I showered Lisa came in and striped to reveal a small set of natural breasts she has been growing for the past 10 years which are between A+ to a small B but they are natural, she does no longer take all the hormone pills as that was affecting his/her errection so she only takes 1/2...off with the Bra and undies and he/she has let the Public hair grow back but usually she/he is shaved....she actually does not look to bad, no signs of an Adams Apple and she has quite a good figure but the stupid person has a Tatoo on her/his arm..bloody stupid............ anyway back to Cocks, she grabs mine and I grab Her's whilst sucking on her Feminine looking Nipples then it's cock time, she sucks mine and I do the same but it really does not turn me on, but I gave it ago, I was amazed how soft the head of the Penis is in your mouth.....now it's the fun bit and it's DOM time and she Doms & Lubes up and she inserts her cock into my rear end in doggy style...now while her cock is about the same size as mine, it goes in my arse but I was not going to have a full blown orgasim so we go missionary and she pumps away with my legs in the air until I get bored and we swap, she doms me up and I try fucking her Missionary but I was too excited and can NOT get my cock in to her/his Rectum..........Oh well I tried it so we go back to a 69 cock sucking position until I was cumming and LISA pulled me off........so there I tried it but I must say I do like Women & Vagina's and although I was thinking about trying it with a bloke, that's it...LISA is sweet, she has a good body and very long hair, she speaks like a women, has good legs and small natural breasts, she does not normally do BBJ only CBJ but I gave her the change of $20 from the $200, I do not know what men see in arse fucking, ginhe me a nick shaven cunt any day.................................I am going to post this on both sites under a "Walk on the Wild Side" and under 232 Military Rd on both sites.................and it's back to the MILFs for the SeaRay


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th September 2011, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: Rkopf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Popped in Thu 15Sep. Sophia and Plamy (I think they mean Palmy) were available. Sophia had nice body in clothes, but maybe over 30 and not my style. I chose Palmy for 100/30.

Palmy said she's 22, been here from BKK for 6 months. She is large for a Thai girl. Not fat, but larger than usual. Nice, small tits, soft skin and great smile. To bad about the tobacco breath, not quite covered by breath freshener.

She started with light french kissing, and nibbled down to my responding friend. I sucked her nips and she reached for the condom and sucked reasonably well. Sadly, she is a girl who wants to control the session, so it didn't suit me too well, but her face is so cute, I was happy enough.

I asked if I could lick and she spun around to 69 as fast as she could. A bit of fake moaning. I enjoyed the 69, but after 5 minutes, I had to stop her as she was grinding into my face so hard, so as to control where I could lick, that I still have a sore jaw 2 days later. Also, 3-5 day growth, which I didn't love.

Nice cowgirl to finish, a wipe down and she stayed naked for 10 mins massaging my legs, going over time. Not perfect, but I left happy.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 15th December 2013, 06:44 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Anita

Establishment (if applicable): Upstairs 1/232, Military Road, Neutral Bay

Contact Details/Address: 
(02) 9953 0585 
Upstairs 1/232, Military Road
Getting in, either go around to the back of the lot, through the white gate. Or go through via military Rd Laundromat.

Hours of Business: no idea. Seems to be open kinda late??! Have seen it open past 11pm

Prices: FS $100 for 30 mins, CBJ

Age: late 20s

Size/shape: kinda chubby, short, A cups, a little bit pretty. Big tats on the back.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: BJ (covered), sex in multiple positions

Value for money/recommend?: ok-ish, cheap for the location (there is nothing else around)

My experience/comments:
Curiosity killed the cat…
Had exactly 60min spare with Mrs Mega distracted and I figured I'd try my luck here. Up the door and into the shitty room (see pic). Only 1 girl working, Anita. Nice enough, barely any English outside of hooker vocabulary, had to explain to someone else that I'd just had a shower. Hand the cash and she disappears.
Eventually we begin and in no time I'm on the nicer end of a CBJ, only takes me a bit to blow into the sack and she starts a massage. Massage is actually very good! But doesn't last long before I turnover and commence some seriously good fucking. She's super tight to start with andiI'm loving it, we fuck in various positions and I finish with her on the bottom making all the right sounds.
Clean up best we can (the tissues have run out) and into the seriously shitty shower, the tap handle comes off in my hand and takes a bit to get back on… At least being connected to the Laundromat the towels were fresh! I'll bet left over someone forgetting to pick up their washing!


Floor: #12
Post Time: 15th December 2013, 07:07 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review, MM. Being unreviewed for a while, I thought this place may have closed up... I've had the odd fuck on this table! Yes, a cheap and cheerful venue... must call in again when passing one day. I wonder if the LB Lisa still appears here?


Floor: #13
Post Time: 17th December 2013, 06:39 AM
Poster ID: davpat88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's a real dive in here. I paid a visit just on closing time back in October and it was dark, mouldy and kinda depressing, but you're right hard, nothing else around and the lure of snagging a nice Thai girl ( or LB if you're not careful) remains tempting.

Sent from my HTC_PO582 using Tapatalk


Floor: #14
Post Time: 10th April 2016, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Some more intel on this place

Walked past today and the laundromat has closed down recently. So i'm curious to see if the establishment above still exists, will try and TOFTT as it's been almost 3 years since any meaningful reviews were posted here.

Interestingly enough this little shithole has a website...
Aroma's

and a new phone number
(02) 8969 6101

and now a name!!
Aroma's

not a great name... as it inspires memories of pleasant smells, which you will not find here (in my experience). Website also focuses on massage, interesting as I'm pretty sure they have a brothel license.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 11th April 2016, 11:30 AM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good on you MM. I was only driving past here the other day and wondered about it. Indeed a "little shithole" shop but that's often where the fun is


Floor: #16
Post Time: 19th April 2016, 02:01 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I attempted to visit this "little shithole" for my Puntfest Day 5. It has gone, presumably along with the laundromat. The phone number is disconnected too. Although the building is up for lease, I'd say a developer will knock it down. 

However... guess where the sign on the door directs you to...?

"Aromas" AKA Club6, 6 Alexander St Crows Nest... (or front, 409 Pacific Hwy)


