Thread Title: 199 High St, Preston - 03 9484 7351
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2015, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: ae1
Post Title: 
 199 High St, Preston - 03 9484 7351
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna 

Establishment :  Health Palace (nice Thai Massage)

Date of Visit : December '14, Jan '15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 199 High Street, Preston VIC 3072 Ph:(03) 9484 7351. 
http://nicethaimassage.com.au/contact/

Hours of Business : 'till 10.00pm

Rates : $40.00 for 30 min

Age : 20 ish

Size/shape : Slim / Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : only for massage

My experience/comments :

I had been past this place a few times and it looked like it could be ok. 
Called up and made the booking - arrived, asked to take shoes off, paid the money etc. Receptionist introduced me to Anna, who seemed quite nice. Pretty face, slim figure.
She walked me down to the room - must have been one of the smallest I'd ever been in . On the way to my room, I saw through an open door into another massage room where there was what looked like a double mattress (massage table?) on the floor (and also a box of tissued right next to it). I asked Anna what the room was for and was told 'thai massage room'.

Anyway, Anna left me in the room to get ready. There was a sign on the back of the door saying 'No Sexual Service'.  I stripped off and got onto the table. Anna came back in, asked what sort of massage, 'a good one' I replied.
A good massage I got. I thought a couple of times she was getting close to my balls, but nothing really obvious. Tried all the usual body signals to let her know.
She eventually gets me to turn over (and covers me when i do), and continues the massage. When she does my legs and gets a bit closer to my groin, I started to harden up under the towel, she notices and just smiles. I decide not to ask (maybe i should have), and she just ignores it. Next thing massage is over. Bugger. It was a good massage, but not the ending i wanted.

I made another booking a couple of weeks later with Anna, and again, it was just as above. A slight hint of a tease, but nothing on offer. This was killing me.

Then it's early Jan and I went to make another booking with Anna, told she doesn't work there anymore, and to come down and someone else will give me good massage.
So I do.
The script follows the original massage, but this time on the flip, semi-aroused, I ask the question. The girl (sorry, didn't get her name), was not impressed, said she doesn't do that, and that is where my massage ended, about 10 minutes early.
Got dressed and quickly left. Bugger.

I thought i was onto something, but apparently not.

Would I return:  erm.... No. (but if you want a good massage - go for it)

Anyone had any luck here?

Cheers.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 07:22 AM
Poster ID: ae1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oops - sorry, made an error. The address is 199 High Street, and phone is 9484 7351. 
The address from above is from another parlor down the road I also visited (review to follow soon). Googled the wrong place for the address and phone.
Is it possible to have this merged into the original post?

Thanks and apologies


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 07:44 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ae1


Oops - sorry, made an error. The address is 199 High Street, and phone is 9484 7351. 
The address from above is from another parlor down the road I also visited (review to follow soon). Googled the wrong place for the address and phone.
Is it possible to have this merged into the original post?

Thanks and apologie
"""



Done...

nextlife


