Thread Title: 33 Mackenzie St, Melbourne - 0434 248 778
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th February 2018, 07:59 PM
Poster ID: carlo_curut
Post Title: 
 Annie - 6 Leicester St, Melbourne VIC 3000. 0434248778
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie (used to be Anna).

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : Feb' 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6 Leicester St, Melbourne VIC 3000. 0434248778

Hours of Business : unsure 12am - 9pm

Rates : 130 FS + extras.

Age : mid to late 20s.

Size/shape : Bit chubby but not fat, short, quite pretty with C cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : BBBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Good/Yes.

My experience/comments :

I was looking for Nana - but unfortunately the mamasan mixed up her name with Annie.

When I arrived, I asked about her - but unfortunately Nana has gone home.
But since Annie was quite cute (and I was horny) I decided to go ahead with her.

Well - in the bedroom - she's not a shy type , direct and keen to lead the action. She's quite pretty with C cup implants.
She asked me to lie down and licked my nipple. Then she proceed to give me really good BBBJ (extra - YMMV)
while I played with her clit. Mind you she has full bush (not that I mind).
The BBBJ continued for few minutes - I wish I asked if CIM allowed - but at that time, I really wanted to have sex with her..

After put the condom on - she rode me passionately for few minutes, and then we switched to missionary while 
she stared at me passionately still - after another few minutes - I was unable to hold much longer and climaxed hard.

When we finished we had small chat and she's actually pleasant to talk to (although with limited English).
We talked until we exceeded our time and mamasan yelled out her name to hurry up.
So we both laughed and  jumped to shower together and while rushed to clean ourselves. (enjoyable nevertheless).

WIR: I'd say Yes - if my other favorites are not available.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd February 2018, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: carlo_curut
Post Title: 
 Joy - 6 Leicester St, Melbourne VIC 3000
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joy

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6 Leicester St, Melbourne VIC 3000. 

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : 130 FS

Age : 19 to early 20.

Size/shape : Small - A size cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : China - Sichuan..

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Ok - she's young and quite cute.

My experience/comments :

Back to this place again - Today I picked Joy as per mamasan recommendation - a young slim and quite cute girl.
The photo was genuine - it was her..

Contrary to previous review - in my experience Joy was not that shy anymore and bit more experienced.
also she's quite chatty but unfortunately I was unable to speak her language/dialect.

After quick shower - I lied on the bed while watching her undressed.  I let her took the lead - she started with tease and stroke gently my penis and kissed my nipples, while I was caressing her not-so-big breasts and playing with neatly trimmed pussy. 

CBJ was ok but nothing spectacular (nevertheless always nice to have young girl sucked my dick).
After few minutes - we moved on to sex -cowgirl, missionary and doggie to got me over the line.

Overall OK session - WIR - Maybe, happy to have her as option if she's available.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd February 2018, 12:52 PM
Poster ID: dtf.only
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
what is the Wechat ID?


