Thread Title: 439 Plenty Rd, Preston - 03 9478 3335
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2014, 12:18 AM
Poster ID: Jtk
Post Title: 
 439 Plenty Rd, Preston - 03 9478 3335
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ely

Establishment : Cloverleaf Massage

Date of Visit : 8/02/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 439 Plenty rd, Preston, Vic

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 60mins / 70$

Age : late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : great slim body (asian build, but taller than average)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/ will return?: Yes

My experience/comments :  Saturday afternoon after a long week at work, really been looking for the weekend to get a relaxing massage. Tought about just going to a sure known place so decided to pay a visit to the lucky clover.

No appoinment, and the lady i wanted was not in, so i get to pay a visit to lovely Ely. Been with her several times in the past, always a pleseant visit.

Decided to get the hour special since i wanted a longer relaxing time, plus i'm always a sucker for the special. In to duty diligences and away with the massage. For people who have not visited this place let me say that i like this place, i would come here more often but i dont like the sheets they put on the massage tables. Place overall is ok but those sheets are just enough to keep looking out for a better place.

Anyways, massage is soft and tender, nothing special, but i love how every single stroke the rear end gets a nice grab. Conversation is kept to a minimum, her english is getting better but not that fluent.

Coming close to the end of the hour, already been facing up like for ten minutes when she asks if i wanted to make the King happy, sometimes i dont know why they keep asking.

It all comes to an end, with an extra 30$ damage (my memory is getting bad, i remember it used to be 20, maybe im wrong ).

Good place, friendly service, could get much better if they can improve on the sheets and a better oil (yes, its one of those that likes to stay).


