Thread Title: 49 James St Pakenham. - 0414 080 570
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st March 2019, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: 
 49 James St Pakenham. - 0414 080 570
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : 49 James St Pakenham

Date of Visit : 15/02/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_309696...y-Massage.html

Phone : 0414080570

Hours of Business : 7 days 10am - 8pm

Rates : $80 p/h plus extras Extras $50 but managed to get for $40

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : C cup and normal 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Full Body Massage with happy ending. Also goes topless.

Value for money/recommend? : It was pretty good and worth a visit. 

My experience/comments : They have walk in available and decided to give it a try. It's a private house, walked up to door and was welcomed in by Candy I think her name was, it was hard to understand her at times, but she was nice. Looks wise she was ok, not as young some of the images listed. She walked me in to a room and I got undressed and on the table. She used oil and started off massaging the back and then went down to the legs and would gently brush over the backside and then on the inside of legs go up and lightly brush the balls. I did ask her for deeper pressure around the glutes, but she didn't know how to do that and felt like she was using her fingers to rub something off my butt. No rhythm or timing as it was too fast. She said was that ok, I said I'd had enough. She went to working on my legs again paying more attention to making contact with the inner legs and brushing over balls, this was quite nice and I lifted my hips so she could get more access to which she started brushing past my penis and then started massaging it. This went on for a little while and then I had to flip over. She then massaged my chest down to my waist and I was getting a face full of breast each time, then she moved down massaging my penis and let me put my hand on her bum. Then she moved down and was massaging my legs and then brushed past the penis and then over the chest and up my arms so we were holding hands. She then let me hold her from behind and lent over again massaging my chest to groin. She then asked if I wanted happy ending and I think she was asking if I wanted her to take off her top. I said yes meaning the happy ending only, didn't wan't her to take of her top but she did and said extra $50 to which I said I only have $40, she said ok. Anyway she was working on my penis and had to slow her down as there was no rush. She let me play with her nipples and then had an enjoyable happy ending to which she said too much, stop, too much! So when I was getting dressed I heard another guy come in through the front door and another lady met him and took him to another room. Anyway I left and then realised I was only there 50 mins, so a little short changed, but it's hard to know when you're not looking at a clock. All in all worth a visit, she'd only been in Australia for 3 weeks.


