Thread Title: 60 High St, Northcote Vic - 0406 333 766
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2013, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: cycleguy1275
Post Title: 
 60 High St, Northcote Vic - 0406 333 766
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri (could be very wrong as I honestly could not understand her)


Establishment : Awesome Relax Massage (True Local)



Date of Visit : 18th Nov



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
0406 333 766 


Hours of Business : 10am till 10 I think



Rates : $50 for half hour + $20 nude and tug



Age : 30



Size/shape : small tits, reasonable body



Nationality or Ethnicity : 



Services Provided : nude & tug



Value for money/recommend? : no



My experience/comments : I have been here before and had a great massage with her being nude and then her mounting the table and dinning out!  This time however, wow, how different it can be.  Turned up, said $70 even though the sign says $50....she says special nude, $70..ok!  I get nude and hope on the table and in comes my massuse, starts to strip but leaves panties and stockings on..and the stockings come up to just under he tits, not a good look.    Wondering why I have paid for a nude and only got tits, I ask the question..WHY not nude?  after a couple of attempts I finally understand what she is saying, its that time of the month...thanks! Feeling pissed and ripped off I lose all enthusiasm and the old fella drops straight back into relax mode.   Couldn't finish so got up and left.   Would I return, hell no!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th November 2013, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Feel for you cycleguy1275. But thanks for the early morning chuckle. Hope you have better luck next time !!! Lmfao !!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th November 2013, 01:50 PM
Poster ID: cycleguy1275
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yep, not good lethal...had to share to help my fellow punters....lol


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th February 2014, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: ae1
Post Title: 
 AWESOME RELAX MASSAGE - 60 High St, Northcote.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leelee 

Establishment : AWESOME RELAX MASSAGE

Date of Visit : Jan 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 60 High St, Northcote. 0406 333 766

Hours of Business : 10.00 - 8.00

Rates : $40 for 30 min, plus $30 for extra

Age : 25 - 30

Size/shape : Plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (?)

Services Provided : poor massage - poor hj

Value for money/recommend? : no no no no

My experience/comments :  
I have previously been to this venue (the last time maybe 12 months ago), and had a good few punts here and thought I would try it out again.
Called the number and asked if the still did their $70 special, and was told 'No, only $40 - massage only!'.
Hmm.... so I went anyway. I arrived (via the handy and discrete rear entrance), and was proceeded to be told off by the boss lady for saying that on the phone. She took my $70 and led me to the room, told me to undress etc.
I'm not sure if it was punishment, but in came my masseuse, Leelee, and without me saying anything she proceeded to strip. I was tempted to ask her to put her clothes back on. 
Anyway, on with the massage. It was lame. She played with the tackle a bit, told me to flip, and I think she was a bit surprised I wasn't fully hard. She did her best, which wasn't very good, and after a while got me going. She was grabbing my hands and rubbing them all over her body doing the fake moans  - I don't know why, but it just wasn't working for me. After what seemed like ages, she got me over the line. She quickly go me cleaned up and dressed herself and disappeared.
I got dressed, and left.

Probably one of the poorest punts I've had in a while, don't think I'll be going back there for another year or so.

Thanks,


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th February 2014, 11:49 AM
Poster ID: sxcbosnian65
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agree with ae1. 

Stay away from this joint. All the girls are plump and the massage is hopeless. I like a quality massage with some teasing. You definitely won't get that here.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th June 2014, 08:53 AM
Poster ID: johnny101
Post Title: 
 60 High St Northcote, Vic
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie

Establishment : 60 High Street Northcote

Date of Visit : Wednesday 11th June 2014 12:00 midday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :0406 333 766 

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8:00 pm

Rates : $50 massage; $30-50 BBBJ 

Age : 35-40, but in good shape

Size/shape : 5' 2", lean, next to nothing tits, but beautiful crimson nipples that stick out 1 cm 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : sensational soft finger massage; BBBJ incl licking fanny and tits and fingering on the G-spot.

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely


My experience/comments : 

I went to another place first at 486 High Street Northcote where all the girls were old, fat, ugly and expensive. So I left.

I was on my way back into town and remembered that I had been to 60 High St Northcote once before about 3 years ago and it was average-poor.

I think "Give it another try." You can't do any worse than 486.

60 High Street Northcote is almost the first shop at the start (heading northwards) of the High Street shopping strip.  It goes for miles, so 60 High Street is easy to find.  It is at the southern end of the strip.

It is one of those shopfront massage places that pretends to be legitimate.

There is no security on the front door, so I walk in. It is a shop reception area, with a small desk, bronze Buddha in the corner, and a small black couch that is a waiting area.  A hallway leads from the reception desk.

There is nobody on reception.

I take 2 steps down the hallway.

A fat ugly Chinese woman senses my presence and walks up the hallway to greetsme.  "Not again", I am thinking.

"You want massage?"

"Ok", hoping there is someone else working here.  She takes me to a bedroom off the hallway.

"Another girl here?" I ask.  Reluctantly she concedes.

Two minutes later a skinny 35-40 girl wearing high knee length boots and black chemsong enters.

"Hello" I say.

She immediately gives me a hug and then looks into my eyes with a glow.

"Massage?" she asks.

"How much?" I ask.

"$50" she says.

"OK" I reply. "Any extras?"

[she giggles affectionately]

"Oral?" I ask

"Olall?" she asks.  Her English is terrible.

I have to motion with my hand to explain.

"Oh", she exclaims. ""50".

"30" I say with authority.

"Furty?"

I motion with both hands: 10 fingers three times. "Thhhiiirrrtttyy" I say.

"OK" she smiles.

That was easy I think.

She hugs me again.

"What's your name?" I ask.

Caaadddiiieee" she replies.

"What?"

"Cady?"

"Kaaaattiiie"

"Oh, Katie" I realise.

"Yes, Katie" (without the accent)

I give her $80, and she leaves the room, while I undress and lie on the massage table in the room.

Two minutes later she comes back.  I sit up.  She hugs me again.  "You lie down" she says.

Before I lie down I motion at her clothes: "You take off too, ok?" referring to her chemsong and boots.

She smiles. "Ok", and immediately strips down.  That was easy I think.

"Hard or soft?" she asks.

For the next 5 minutes Katie gently rolled her fingers top of the hamstrings and lower back, over the cheeks and occasionally down my crack onto the balls.  This girl was good with the tease.

It turns out her English or accent is hard to understand because she has been in the Land of Plenty for only 3 days.  For example, she didn't understand the words "age", "years", "husband" or "boyfriend".  Each question about all these topics was greeted with a giggle and hug or a tickle on the crack. I thought about and kept asking questions about other things which received similar responses.

Katie is fun.

After a while I asked if she would like a massage. 

A smile slightly emerged.  "Yooouu maassage  me?" she asked with her right forefinger pointed at her chest, and genuinely like this had never been asked before.

"Yes" I replied.  

She immediately motioned for me to get off the table and plastered herself in my place.

Katie lay on her back, front up.  I proceeded to massage her thighs and the sides of her buttocks.  I lifted her knee so I could massage her cheek.  "Hmmmmm", she murmered.  

"80" I said with a laugh.  She laughed loudly back.

I went down for a sniff.  Clean. Hint of FemFresh and no chlorine.  I gave her clitoris a lick.  "Hmmmmmmm", she murmered.  Another lick and then I put the tongue right in.  "Hmmmmmm".

I came up for air.  My right hand started fondling her clitoris.  I moved it down to her entry.  "Hmmmm", she murmered.  I put the middle finger slightly in.  "Hmmmm".  I put it in a little further.  She was wet and enjoying herself.  I felt the rough of her G-spot and started tickling it. "Hmmmmmmmmm".

She was going to cum and we both knew it.  She didn't let it happen and sat up.  She motioned for me to lie back on the table.

Katie then wrapped her lips around my cock and proceeded over the next 5 minutes to suck the living daylights out of me.  She felt my shudder and finished me off with a wet hand-job, cum flying everywhere.  When she had finished we looked at each other and giggled.  Katie is fun.

She meticulously cleaned me up, and I dressed to leave.  Another hug.  And a laugh on the way out.

Katie is fun.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th June 2014, 10:14 PM
Poster ID: BourbonBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Johnny

Another top review mate. I don't know if there is another street that can match High St - Northcote, Thornbury and Preston for the number of massage places in one street. Creates good solid competition!

Cheers

B


Floor: #8
Post Time: 16th June 2014, 12:14 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good to see the recent raids haven't put you off. I'm tempted to go but don't wanna be busted lol.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 20th May 2018, 06:52 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went past here on the tram today.  Got out to take a look as it has been an old school shop for around 12 years now.  No access to front, and back entry blocked by fencing. It is being demolished.  They are long gone.  Ultra tune next door seems to be ok though.  Great memories of this one, a real shame.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 20th May 2018, 08:23 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes Brauninc, has been around for a long time, longer than 12 I think? I havent been there for about 3 years now I saw Winnie there on the occasional Saturday. I liked it as it had the rear entrance so you did not have to do the walk of shame on busy High St.
It was well supported for public transport too, Westgarth station at the rear and the Bundoora 86 tram at the front.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 23rd May 2018, 09:41 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn, how did I miss this place? My mechanic is right next door for many many years! When my car(s) was due for a service/repair/maintenance, while I was at it, get myself a full service as well. Oh well


Floor: #12
Post Time: 25th May 2018, 10:17 PM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jersybull


Yes Brauninc, has been around for a long time, longer than 12 I think? I havent been there for about 3 years now I saw Winnie there on the occasional Saturday. I liked it as it had the rear entrance so you did not have to do the walk of shame on busy High St.
It was well supported for public transport too, Westgarth station at the rear and the Bundoora 86 tram at the front
"""



Had many a good punt back in the day here. It was a pretty goid place 5-10 years ago but then went downhill. 
I think we are going to lose quite a few more of these types of R&T's due to the huge increase in property prices & rents in Melbourne's inner suburbs. And we will all be poorer for it...


