Thread Title: 601 Lt Collins Street Melbourne CBD - 0432529371
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd March 2016, 11:21 AM
Poster ID: goldenbrown69
Post Title: 
 601 Lt Collins Street Melbourne CBD - 0432529371
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cookie ( Not real like the photo's in the advert ) 

Establishment : 601 Lt Colli's Street Melbourne , 11th Floor , Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 2nd March 2016 , Later 9.30pm+ Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432529371 , Cracker : Melbourne Free classifieds - cracker.com - cracker.com.au of Business : 10am - Till late i would say . 

Age : 24 , Petite , Size 5 , Small Skinny build . 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC 

Services Provided : Massage / Body Slide / Shower / HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : NO , As it wasn't the girl in the Advert !!! and price $250 a Hour , And the stuffing about !!!!

My experience/comments : 

Finishing up a meeting in city i jumped on locanto and cracker and spotted a fine looking girl in the cracker advert posted . Send a SMS for a booking and about 20 mins later got a reply . Stated price of $250 which isn't anywhere near what i would normally pay for a RNT but since in a good mood from getting a big contract , like what the hell . Texted back ok and can you send the address and maybe another 20 mins later received the address . Drove across the city on such a nice night and parked out the front of the address . Had arrived a bit early so sent a text that i was here . About another 20 mins got a reply of the access number , meanwhile there was a guy hanging about that seemed to be going though the same game as me LOL . Anyway he had got in about 5 minutes earlier . 
So buzzed in and took the lift to the floor , went to the door and knocked ! no reply . Stood outside and texted ! no reply ! waited in this stinking hot hall way for 5 mins and thought stuff this and left for the lift . When i got out of the lift on the bottom had a text " where are you " I replied " in the lift " and turned around , had to go out the door , buzz myself in to the building again and go up in the lift again . Got the the door again , knocked , no reply , waited and thought stuff this and opened the door . 
In this bare apartment with the lights off i called out " Hello " anybody here . Finally a girl came from one of the rooms just wearing a towel and pushed me back out the door saying " please wait " i was like what the hell . So i am now outside again waiting in this stinking hot hallway . Finally another girl answered the door and waved to come in . And now the real fun started , another girl came out of the shower room and i am standing there with two girls trying to negotiate the price and to have a shower as i am now fully soaked in sweat . Considering i was in a t shirt and shorts , it was just so bloody hot in there . 
I am there with two girls trying this and both cannot understand english . Finally one pulls out here phone from behind this make shift couch on its side which they had tried to make another area with LOL and uses a app for translate . I pick the girl which had just came out of the shower and she took me to a small room where i payed $250 and then was lead back into the shower room . 
Got undressed and started to have a shower , she did the same to my surprise and jumped in . She was a little girl in size and kept jumping up and down to get to my shoulders and neck . After i was washed back into the room and time for the massage . I tried to have some kind of conversation with the girl but as her english was limited it was next to impossible . There must have been 30 mins of back massage and upon the flip she sat on one of my legs and started with some stroking around the balls and head . I tapped the bed next to me and she jumped next to me and there must have been 20 mins of touching with a bit of nipple sucking which she didn't like . She did like my stubble and giggled as i kissed and rubbed her small body all over . 
Her handjob was very , very low standard and once again due to the lack of air conditioning i was wet with sweat again . I asked for another shower which she reacted but pulling me out of the bed towards the door . I have to pack all my stuff up as i don't trust leaving anything there . Once in the shower again she started the handjob again but a little better , and turned around so i could cup her small breasts . 
Finally she turned around and really started to pull on the old fella hard and fast . I was still a bit pissed off from all the stuffing around , and this being on my mind more than a young girl in a shower pulling on my dick made it very hard to come . Finally she got the job done . I little kiss and cuddle after , got changed and got the hell of this sweat shop . YES it was expensive as i feel , if you are paying that kind of money , it should be in a private apartment with just the girl which you have booked ! not three girls that don't look at all like the photo . YES all where young looking , but there sure as hell wasn't a E cup girl that looked like the photo's . 

Would i return , NO as i hate being scammed by this lately !!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd March 2016, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: goldenbrown69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I checked the SMS , address was 601 Lt Collins , Floor 11 brothers !


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd March 2016, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by goldenbrown69


I checked the SMS , address was 601 Lt Collins , Floor 11 brothers 
"""



goldenbrown I tried to reformat your very jumbled review, maybe you need to preview them before posting.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th March 2016, 03:58 AM
Poster ID: goldenbrown69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry WOTAN010 , everytime i post from my phone for some weird reason on this forum everything becomes a messy . Even if i preview it first .


