Thread Title: 68 O'Shanessy St Sunbury - 0420 709 981
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2019, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: exprovic
Post Title: 
 68 O'Shanessy St Sunbury - 0420 709 981
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucky

Establishment : 68 O'Shanessy St Sunbury

Date of Visit : 12 January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sunbury.locanto.com.au/ID_18...n-Massage.html

Phone : 0420709981

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8 pm

Rates : 40 half hour normal massage 80 happy ending

Age : early 40's

Size/shape : very tall, big natural tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC 

Services Provided : DATY - Hand Job

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Lucky works on Wednesday and Saturdays and is a really tall for an Asian.  She also has very large D cup tits. On this occasion there was two ladies working and I chose Lucky. Into the room, which is clean enough, I agree on $80 for a quick nude handy.  I strip off and lay face up.  Lucky returns, she is wearing a green dress.  She takes it off down to black panties with a distinctive tiger on the front.  She releases her bra, which is under considerable strain, to reveal large natural D - DD tits. She proceeds to lick my right nipple while working me up.  I motion her to lay down and thought I would try my luck (pardon the pun).  I slip off her knickers, with no resistance and proceed to go down on her.  She has a full bush and a pretty large snatch.  This woman is a giant for an Asian.  She is clearly enjoying my work on her clit and she starts working my tongue up and down her snatch by raising and lowering her pelvis.  I was initially keen just to lick her clit and leave it at that, but clearly she wants it at the hole! She is getting very wet and I can see vaginal fluid oozing out and running down her ass.  I ask her if I can upgrade to Full Service but she whispers to me " no condom".  With that we change positions and I finger her while she tugs me off to completion.  After clean up the small talk reveals that the boss doesn't allow full service on the premises. The rooms are also pretty noisy.  The room I was in had an open roof that was right next to the kitchen.  I am sure I could do her next time but I would have to BYO I think.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2019, 07:06 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : Leaf Massage

Date of Visit : 15th July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 68 O’Shannasy St, Sunbury http://https://sunbury.locanto.com.a...n-Massage.html

Phone : 0420709981

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : 50 half hour 70 hour

Age : late 30

Size/shape : 8 with little tummy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good

My experience/comments : 
Again it was time to relieve some pressure build up and whilst in the area decided to check out a few parlours.

The first was the Thai Massage in The same street was when greeted it looked far to straight.

Decided to go to Leaf Massage where I had sampled there wears a few times before. The parlour is owned by Anna who rotates the girls between the one in St.Albans and Sunbury. Not bad because they are on the same train line.

Anyhow, I entered via the rear to two girls, one in the usual couch position and the other being Helen. I was half hearted and was agreed to Helen for a half hour.

I asked for no oil and she covered me with a towel and gave a great massage of which I extended for half to one hour.
Turned over and the 