Thread Title: 69 Grimshaw St Greensborough -  9435 2225
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th September 2015, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: daniel88_ford
Post Title: 
 69 Grimshaw St Greensborough -  9435 2225
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Can't remember the name sorry guys

Date of Visit : 26/08/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 69 Grimshaw St Greensborough VIC 3088 Massage

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $65 for Hr massage + 50 for happy ending

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : small petite maybe 5 foot

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Possible more then just clothed happy ending?

Value for money/recommend? : Ok massage and reasonable HJ

My experience/comments : I saw this place the day before when I was walking past  and I had the vibe it would be a little more then just a massage and beauty shop, It states it does waxing and foot spas so maybe you can get you rocks off while dipping your feet in the spa.

Well I walked and saw a little room to the right which had couple of young asian ML in there on their phones, this is always a reasonably good sign so I asked for a Hr deep tissue and I was led to the back right room, The room was quite small but clean and this is were if you are new to this you will learn the hints.

As I walk in to the room there is the hygiene paper over the mouth piece and one also about half way down the table so if you have to think about what this is for you are a newbie lol. Also there was a roll of toilet paper up next to a bottle of baby oil on the shelve which tops of that this place is what you are looking for.

This is now when Amy walk's in the door and her face was beautiful and a very small frame with a-cup tits and wearing a dress with tights on underneath, So I strip off and leave the towel at the bottom of the table and when she came back in she only puts it on my feet which is the icing on the cake for what I want.
Amy starts by smothering my back in baby oil and actually goes to work on removing a couple of knots in my shoulder's and always ends the stroke down on my ass. She continues to massage my back for about 25mins and then moves down to my legs which it feels as if she put half a bottle of baby oil on and slowly starts massaging my right leg and always brushing past my balls and head. I can feel myself slowly growing as she brushes past my head and then moves back down to my calves and feet, which I love the teasing as she continued to do this then on the left leg.

Amy now asks me to turn over and she now has full sight of my half mongrel and starts massaging my chest and legs and continues to tease as she goes from leg to leg, I can feel myself getting harder and harder.
Amy leans in and ask you want extra and at this point there is no one that would say no, So here comes the baby oil and she grabs my balls in one hand and my throbbing cock in the other.
She starts with good pressure on my balls and slowly stroking my cock from the base all the way up to the head but mainly focusing on the base which was good, The pressure slowly increases as the tempo of her movements fasten.
It is not long now and the juice is flowing and Amy continues to slowly stroke until every drop is out.

By now I am very relaxed and she goes and gets some hot towels and cleans all the oil off me, Through out the massage I could here gents coming and going and the phone ringing with people asking what and how, so it does sound like this is already a popular place.

All up it was probably a 7 out of 10 for massage and 8/10 for HJ.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th September 2015, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A google search finds this Massage - Welcome to iBeauty
daniel88_ford, can you confirm this is the place? If yes I will add missing details from your review(Establishmentname, phone number)

nextlife


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th October 2015, 08:46 AM
Poster ID: daniel88_ford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That may have been the name actually.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th November 2015, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: SnapnCrackle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ana

Establishment : iBeauty

Date of Visit : 15/10/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 69 Grimshaw street, Greensborough.

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $45/30min +$40 HJ, +$60 topless HJ. She did offer nude but i didn't get a price.

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : slim, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : RNT, topless

Value for money/recommend? : so so, would probably be better value if I was a regular. The massage was fairly good, the HJ was enjoyable. 

My experience/comments :

This was more of a reconnaissance visit, I was unaware of any places to have a punt in the area so this was one of a couple I will try. 

There is plenty of parking next to and behind the premises. On first glance it appears more like a beauty salon than a typical Asian massage parlor. Very clean and was greeted at the door by a slim young girl. Asked how long and chose the 30min option. 
Was lead to a semi makeshift massage room, it had its own cupboards and sink so it may have been a small kitchen in a previous life. The same girl that greeted me came back. We got into the massage and went through some small chit chat. The massage itself was fairly good and strong. There were a few slips of the fingers near the ball to keep you interested. 

The time came to flip and it's obvious fairly quickly what's going to happen and the prices and services were laid out. Going with the simple HJ she was fairly good and worked with long slow strokes and then built up to the ending.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th January 2016, 07:53 PM
Poster ID: daniel88_ford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

    Establishment : ibeauty

    Date of Visit : 03/01/16

    Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 69 Grimshaw St Greensborough VIC 3088 Massage  9435 2225

    Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

    Rates : $65 for Hr massage + 50 for topless happy ending

    Age : mid 20's

    Size/shape : small petite maybe 5 foot b cups

    Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

    Services Provided :topless happy ending

    Value for money/recommend? : good massage with fantastic happy ending

Ventured back down to Melbourne for new years and was staying in Greensborough again so thought I would check out ibeauty again.
Some how managed to  get the same girl amy and kind of sucked up to her by telling her how good last time was and she has an amazing body.
I managed to get topless handjob for $115 which was pretty good.
Started with a good leg massage then worked up to back and shoulders with no tackle tickle a little disappointing.
Rollover and the top comes off to release some lovely little natural tits, they felt so nice in my hands and the hj technique was fantastic.
Not long until I blow and Amy cleans me up.
Hint guys compliment the girls for a little saving.


