Thread Title: 7-10 Joyce st Pendle Hill Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th September 2016, 06:59 PM
Poster ID: maximusbrown28
Post Title: 
 7-10 Joyce st Pendle Hill Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  No Idea 

Establishment : Massage shop on Joyce st 

Date of Visit : 17/09/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : I will get the number next time. Its easy to find. 7-10 Joyce st. Its a small arcade with massage A frame outside

Hours of Business : 10-7pm

Rates : $35 for half hour massage $20 for hj and $50-$40 for nude HJ

Age : 35-45

Size/shape : Normal 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage & cbj and maybe more

Value for money/recommend? : Not this punt but maybe after a few regular visits.

My experience/comments : So I have been to this place before and got a standard massage and HJ with a younger Indonesian girl. Standard rates. &35 for massage $20 for hj and $50-$40 for nude HJ. I went again on saturday and was greeted by an older massage lady. The place is small and has only 3 rooms. 2 ladies on hand. I was shown to a small room and she layed of fresh butchers paper. Gave her a $50 and said I wanted the 30min massage. It started ordinary. Nothing too special. However this is where it got interesting. As with all these places you wonder if you can get more. I was there not really enjoying the massage and was wondering if I can get more. While I am thinking this, I can hear massage noises in the next room. The familiar slap slap slap slap slap they do on the back. Then I can hear whispers and giggling. At this point I am not really caring about my massage and trying to listen to whats going on in the next room. Few more giggles and someone turning around on the table. Then I can hear the gentle moaning of a girl thats getting fucked. A lot of heavy breathing and more "uhh" uhh" from a female. I am now getting excited and then it seemed like that session finished up. I get asked to turn around and she says $20 for hj, $50 for taking the clothes off and bj. I am like do you fuck? she is like no no. I started to negotiate and setteled on $40 for cbj. She said $50 for bbj I declined. I thought it would be another $40 plus the $35 for the half hour. It turned out she it was $40 plus the original $50 I gave. I didnt know this till the end. It was not worth all that money. Anyways at this point I just wanted to see what the other girl looked like. So she did the cbj, felt her tits and played with the pussy. 

I got out and had a look at the other girl and BANG... .MOLEY MOLEY MOLEY... like that scene from Austin Powers. She had that big chinese hairy mole on her upper lip.. Body was tight... Nice smile... but all I noticed was the mole. Would be keen to go see how she is and would love to hear her fuck noises again. 

Will report back again. I will also get Ph number next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: distantfunk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Moley Moley Moley, cracked me up with that reference. Did you whip out a stick and take a jab at it haha

Sent from my D6503 using Tapatalk


