Thread Title: 717 Warrigal Rd, Chadstone - 03 9807 7571
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th June 2019, 01:39 PM
Poster ID: Jeffjeff
Post Title: 
 717 Warrigal Rd, Chadstone - 03 9807 7571
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joy

Establishment : 717 Warrigal Rd, Chadstone

Date of Visit : End of March/ early April 2019 on a Tuesday (Can't remember)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...T-MASSAGE.html

Phone : 98077571 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 50/30m, 60/45m, 70/hr + 30 HJ

Age : early 40's

Size/shape : fit chubby/medium, soft to the squeeze

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean (looks more Chinese to me)

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, pretty sure open for more

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, not bad at all

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Drove past after work and had been wanting to try this place, as I used to go to the one literally across the street years ago. Walked in and was greeted by Joy. She looked really familiar but I couldn't quite figure out where from. She was a teaser from the start so you'd know what you're walking into. ushered into a 'room', the walls didn't go up to the ceiling, but at least it had a door. Went for the 30m option, paid and she did the obligatory room exit while i undressed and got on the table. She came back, and whispered in my ear asking if i would like a happy ending as she cupped my balls from behind. I asked how much and she said however much you think it should be with a very cheeky smile across her face. The usual 30 in my head i was thnking, if it's only a HJ. Off she went with a half decent firm massage, 15 minutes in she asked me to turn around. Then the front door opened and walked in another customer. She seemed to be the only one working so she had to go out and greeted the man and ushered him in to the 'room' next to mine. I could hear her say, i'll be 5 minutes, and I thought here we go, she's gonna rush me. She came back in and apologised, but took then she took her time teasing me while oiling me up in the nether regions. She took her time, and didn't rush me at all, lots of cock teasing her hands, lots of nipple sucking, and she even stuck her tongue in my mouth. 5 minutes into the HJ she put her face close to my cock, no BJ though, but then she started moaning quite loudly and teasing me to cum. I was enjoying it until i could hear a sound from next door where I'm 99% sure the man next door started jerking himself off to her moaning. And at that I decided to try and finish it off while i still had my cock hard, because if i didn't i would definitely go soft in the next minute. I blew, she cleaned, dressed and gave her the 30 and she said i still have 5 minutes. I said it's all good, I'll catch you next time. She was lovely, slightly chubby, face isn't my type but she's pretty good looking for her age. I think it's the same Joy that used to work at a place in Bentleigh, I'm sure some members would remember her with her wild moans and teases. Anyhow, would come back again, try the other girls too, just hope that i'll be the only one customer in the shop next time. Joy works Tues and Wed, I'm sure she'll be up for other extras.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2019, 10:29 PM
Poster ID: Giddygiddy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hahahaah I've been to this place. It was a packed house that night too, so hard to get over the line. Felt like I was in horse stables or something. Heard so many different guys get jacked off hilarious but off putting


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th June 2019, 06:42 PM
Poster ID: Haggis
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Used to be regular visitor with Joy here and at Upper Ferntree Gully. She has left the industry in mid April. Is working at a restaurant now...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th November 2019, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: 
 717 Warrigal Rd Chadstone - 98077571
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : 717 Warrigal Rd Chadstone

Date of Visit : 16/11/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...G-MASSAGE.html

Phone : 98077571

Hours of Business : Not sure Maybe 10am - 9pm 7 days

Rates : $65 for 1 hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Slim/small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Maybe Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : Decided to give this place a go after finding it on Locanto. $65 for 1 hour seemed like a good deal and also the description of the ad made me think more was on offer. Decided to walk in off the street as I couldn't be sure of a time to book. Was able to park around the corner with no problems. Walked in and bell on door chimed so girl down the back came to greet me. She was ok looking, maybe a b cup at best. Pretty sure I was the only one there at the time, someone else come in later. I was shown the room, was dark and set up well. Disposable sheet and face hole was on the table, I undressed and laid on the table. She made some light strokes up the legs and around the back and down before using oil. The massage skills were pretty good working on my back and glutes before working on my legs. There was no slight touches to be had but a good massage. She did giggle a couple of times when massaging my hands and arms. She wiped and dried me down before flipping over. Again the massage strokes were nice, but without any touches, worked on my legs well and then asked if I wanted relief to which I agreed. She said how much have you got, I said how much for relief, she said how much you normally pay, I said it depends, some $30 and she shook her head and some $50... she said I'll take $50, but massage stopped and I had to get the money out of my pants. I told her no rush and she could go slow which is what she did. She was using good technique and seemed to be getting in to it as much as I was which is good. Finished up making a huge mess for her to clean up and she wiped me down again. There are better places, but also worse places, but it was ok. Worth the try.


