Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th December 2015, 03:53 PM
Poster ID: MrMischief
Post Title: 
 83 Johnston St Collingwood Vic - 9417 1601/ 0469 853 999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma 

Establishment : Shanghi Sauna

Date of Visit : 18/11/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 83 Johnston St Collingwood (9417 1601).

Hours of Business : 10 till 7ish

Rates : 70 massage (including HJ) 100 FS

Age : 29

Size/shape : medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ, FS. 

Value for money/recommend? : I couldn't recommend, but I wouldn't dissaude you from going either!

My experience/comments : This is such a strange place. The rear-exit is not available, so front door only now. It's not exactly clean - but it's a stately old place. This was my 2nd visit. I took the HJ option. What threw me a little is FS is offered straight up. 100. That's it. But you only get one choice, and she wasn't doing it for me. Not chubby, nor fat, about a 5 in looks. The massage was pedestrian, and I was happy to get out of there. I sped up the process. This review is mechanical, because she was mechanical. I think this place is hit/miss. As I said, hygiene not a strong suit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st June 2016, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: Pete.z.coombes
Post Title: 
 Amy - Collingwood - 0469853999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Amy
Establishment: Collingwood Massage Therapy
Date of Visit: 31-May-2016
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 83 Johnston St, Collingwood, 3066
Phone: 0469853999
Hours of Business: 10am-7pm (Amy said she works Mon, Tues, Wed and Sat)
Rates: $70 / half hour
Age: mid thirties
Size/shape: average size, weight. B-C cup
Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese
Services Provided: Massage, HJ, CBJ
Value for money/recommend? Yes
Experience: 
I never make an appointment here, I just rock up and see who's about. Was greeted by Amy and I gave her a big smile and she welcomed me in. I was surprised to see her as she isn't one of the usual Tuesday girls, and figured she must be new. She was wearing a slinky dress and I thought, "yep, she knows the deal". Not particularly attractive, but not ugly either. 
Got into room, which is as all rooms in this establishment, shabby. They do offer showers, but generally only if you're dirty looking. I've never tried their showers. 
Gave Amy her seventy bucks, which is the standard rate for 30 minutes in this place. Standard practice, she left me to get undressed. She walked back in as I was walking to the table, and she immediately got undressed. Average body, but nice B-C titties. She walked to the front and started rubbing my shoulders and let her tits fall on me. She was happy for me to let my hands wander. 
She moved beside me and started rubbing my back and legs, but she sensed I was in a hurry, and asked if I wanted to flip. Of course I did, so over I flip. She was happy to see I was already hard, and I saw he ponder for a moment. She asked if I wanted oil. I made the BJ motion with my hand and mouth, and she thought about it and giggled. I said the other girls here usually do it (a half truth, some do, some don't, some charge extra). She first had a sniff, and then a lick of my cock, decided I was clean but asked if we could use a condom as it was her "first time". I obliged, I wasn't paying extra. 
So she gave me a bit of a suck, and all was good. She jumped up on the table and I started rubbing her pussy. She seemed to enjoy it, but got off suddenly, and I can only assume she really started enjoying it and felt like she had to stop. I asked her to take off condom and finish me with oil. She started using her hand, and I motioned for he to use her tits. She said, "but they're small". I said, "no worries, they're lovely, it will be fine". She actually did a stellar job with her titties, and she finished me with her hands and titties.
Overall good value for money considering. I probably took advantage of the new girl and got more value for money, but that's just my luck.


