Thread Title: 95 Poath Rd, Hughesdale - 03 9563 1258
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th September 2018, 12:19 PM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: 
 95 Poath Rd, Hughesdale - 03 9563 1258
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mayou

Establishment : shop

Date of Visit : 24/09/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 95 Poath Rd, Hughesdale VIC 3166  9563 1258

Hours of Business : 10am to 9.00pm she is Flexible

Rates : $60.00 for hour massage plus $50.00 for the extras.

Age : 40

Size/shape : Small lady.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian Thai

Services Provided :Oil massage, BJ CIM HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments: 
One day I was in Hughesdale and called into this place, the lady was busy so I said I would make a booking. I returned an hour later ,  guess what surprise surprise she thought I was not returning, so took another customer instead, bit of a low act...told her that was a poor show, she said  please come back and I will look after you. I said i will be back in 2 hours as I had somewhere to be. So 2 hours' time I rock up, and she is really quick to get me into a room to wait whilst the other punter in the room is dressing. I lie down on a fresh towel to relax, not yet undressed, as i wasn't sure what was to go down. 

She enters the room and introduces herself as Mayou and to my surprise says you not ready, i said that i was not sure I should stay given the stuff up. Anyway she agrees to give me an hour, and starts helping me out of my clothes, hanging them up, we get to the jocks and she could not help but grab them and move my cock to ensure she gets a good feel. i then mount the table and she proceeds to give a really good massage on the back and legs using her elbows, not too bad at all. She proceeded to enter the butt crack for some nice light strokes and ball touching which was highlighted by her use of the thumbs to rub the butt hole.

She then taps me on the ass and asks me to flip, then delivers long thigh strokes onto the legs that meant she could wonder past my cock that was beginning to awaken. I smile at her suggesting she is making me a little warmer. She smiles back suggesting that you want me to massage him?"  I ask her with what are you offering? She says a hand job? Followed by blow job, for $50.

Without a flinch, she has her wipes out to give me a clean and goes straight into a BBBJ, my cock is too big for her small mouth, but she did not stop. Her skills were excellent, she met the challenge with her full attention, and meanwhile I began playing with her. Firstly hit her up for a boob feel, she bounced out of the top to release her small but nice B cup boobies, then onward to her pussy through her pants.She hesitated when I was rubbing, suggesting she liked what I was doing, so I ventured into entering her pants with a hand down the front and into the moist and hairy pussy, she was wet, in fact very wet. She pauses from the sucking for a moment to pull down her pants and let them ride down her hips, and the full exposure to the small but hairy pussy. 

All this excitement was a bit too much that I told her I was about to blow, she just kept on going, I began unloading into her mouth and she just kept on sucking, all be it a little bit of gagging.She stops sucking, and starts licking my shaft of all the content, before allowing me to rest. She looked at me like she was totally into that session, asked me if I was happy, not once had she spat the load, so with that question I would suggest she swallowed all the cum, what a fantastic conclusion.

She proceeded to get herself redressed and clean me up with a hot towel, some additional head and shoulder massage and we were done. We chatted about her massage and what had taken place, she said she does not do FS, but everything else is offered, she is worth a visit. I believe she is off to Thailand this week, back in a couple of weeks.

As i,m leaving she gives me a big hug and kiss and i,m on my way.


