Thread Title: Amanda - Box Hill - 0411 429 768
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 02:06 AM
Poster ID: matey
Post Title: 
 Amanda - Box Hill - 0411 429 768
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amanda

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 2nd November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 910 Canterbury Rd Box hill. Melbourne. 0411429768

Hours of Business : 10am 9pm

Rates : $130

Age : 40

Size/shape : 14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full

Value for money/recommend? : Terrible service . NOT recommended

My experience/comments :
This girl 22y/old Amanda looked promising in the ads , slim and hot (for a chinese), i asked if it was her in the ad, and she said yes,   but my god, that must be some photo enhancing app she has there as she would of been 40 minimum , chubby, and pretty average indeed.

I was guess i was a bit desperate, so went with it,  boy that was a mistake. 
 Other girls were talking to her through the door as i was desperately trying to get aroused somehow with this thing,  she seemed like she was organising everyone else , but wasn't sure.  Unbelievably one girl even came into the room talking to her about some problem (all in chinese) while Amanda (or Amandas mum!!)  was still sucking on me, she stops then she proceeds to yell at her and talk while shes begins wanking me off. This went on for a couple of minutes   Like my god, what the hell is this.  Trying to a aroused after this was pretty hard, or should i say soft, ha.  Think i would need a whole box of Viagra to get some action going here. I managed to get inside her , and she was all " it hurts" "too big" "don't suck nipples so hard" "don't touch that"  bla bla bla.   i Just got up 1/2 way though, and said "that was the most pathetic experience i have ever had". And also text something along those lines after, so maybe her boss saw it.

What was i thinking.

Stay away from this place and don't waste your money.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 05:56 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. I had arranged to go to that address on the weekend but cancelled. Different name and ad.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th December 2017, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Some people would be turned on by a girl walking in on the action.  This is one interesting place


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th December 2017, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the more the merrier


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th December 2017, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Whenever a girl has been rude by talking on the phone in a massage session, i try to turn them on, so they try hard not to moan as they are talking to the other person on the phone.  Doesn't seem that easy to get them aroused as they are usually arguing with someone on the line hehe


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th December 2017, 01:52 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Texted Amanda had no response.  There is an add in relation to this business through another review on PP,here it is.

??Seductive Sexy Girl Teasing FUN GEF ?pic real ?0466076508 - Melbourne body rubs - backpage.com.au

I made a booking with Sweetie at there Doncaster address, it is a 2 story home, not an apartment.  I felt the girl in the add was Sweetie, but apon meeting her i did not want to stay.  I offered her a 20$ cancellation fee as she kept reducing the price, then she showed me another girl i was not into her either, she was maybe 30 yo.  I did mention 910 Canterbury, and they told me to go to another address.  It ended up being an apartment in the new Whitehorse rd tower there.  I had driven past this many times in a work capacity, while it was being built.  

I always wondered, if a sex worker would be in there soon after, and it was sort of my want that this happened.  It was a high floor opposite the kfc side on Whitehorse rd.  The girl was wearing a nurses outfit with the red cross on the front.  She was ok,maybe mid 20's there were condoms on the bed, 2 bedroom apartment.  I did not stay but thanked the girls for letting me meet them, and then received no more texts, until i told them i will spread the work about there business.   

For anyone who knows of that high tower in Box hill, and u have had dreams of going inside it, you can now by contacting them through the add.  If u don't like the girls at Doncaster, just ask for the Box hill connection.


