Thread Title: Anocha Massage - Croydon Vic - 03 9724 9224
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 07:05 PM
Poster ID: golfer18
Post Title: 
 Anocha Massage - Croydon Vic - 03 9724 9224
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ai

Establishment : Anocha Thai Massage, 30 Main Street Croydon Vic

Date of Visit : 19/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Anocha – Thai massage – Croydon | Traditional Thai Massage Tel (03) 9724 9224

Hours of Business : 10.00am- 8.00pm

Rates : $70 ph, $130 2 hours

Age : Early 20s - mid 30s

Size/shape : Small, tight bodies and small tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Went here for the first time on Monday 19th October.  Wasn't disappointed.  Booked a massage with Ai, 36 years old but a tight little body. After much teasing of my balls whilst I was on my back she asked me to roll over and I was as hard as a rock.  She giggled a lot and kept teasing me for a little while longer without actually stroking my cock.  She then asked if I wanted extra massage for $50.  Of course I said yes.  She also offered to take clothes off for another $50 but I didn't have it so just settled for the extras.  She was great.  She fondled my bum and I held off as long as I could.  Once I came and she cleaned me up she continued to massage me and before long I was hard again. She was happy to keep going for the remainder of the 2 hours.  She recommended that I try a 2 girl massage next time - double the standard $70ph.  I didn't enquire about extras but I am sure they are on offer.  Well worth a visit.  Will try Natalie or Sonya next time as I saw them there and they are cute.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th December 2015, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: golfer18
Post Title: 
 Anoch Thai Massage Croydon VIC: 30 Main St,  Croydon, VIC, 3136  (03) 9724 9224
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ai

Establishment : Anocha 

Date of Visit : 2/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Anocha – Thai massage – Croydon | Traditional Thai Massage

Hours of Business : 10.00am - 8.00pm

Rates : 1.5hrs $90

Age : 36

Size/shape : Slim, small tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude Rnt

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Went to Anocha a little while ago and my first visit wasn't great.  As all the girls were busy the mamasan offered to do my massage.  As I was in need of some relief I agreed.  She was rushed and happy for some bum play but she wasn't my type so after a hasty ending it was time to go.
On the way out I saw one of the other girls and asked her name - it was Ai.  A good looker so decided to book her next time.

Massage was quite good with lots of oil and plenty of brushing around the balls and bum.  When time to flip I agreed on $30 for RnT but for another $50 she would go nude so I agreed.  Ai has a great body but she seemed like she was uncomfortable nude and just wanted the RnT to end.  Fortunately for me I was in a staying mood so hung on for as long as I could. 

Ai suggested next time I might consider a 2 girl massage and I could choose the other girl.  The price would be double the single price.  Maybe next time.
WIR?  Possibly, as Ai is quite attractive with a nice body.  As she suggested a 2 girl massage maybe she might make it interesting.  Maybe will go before Christmas as a treat.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th December 2015, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for sharing, if you have one girl ok doing an OK job for you and she is suggesting a double next time , the chances are, it won't get any better! espacially if she said you can pick the girl 

Even if you had a fantastic mind blowing session , the next time double is no guaranteed to be great! Very seldom two girls will work better than one! Unless they have done it all the times together ! 

i have done a few doubles recently and they were sensational but I knew that because all 4 MLs individually were all my favourites :

If any one is interested:

Vicky and Nicole at QVB , 1B/139 York St

And Coco and Amy at 252B Parramatta rd Stanmore - but be quick as Stanmore is changing hand, not sure how long this combo will stay together ?

Cheers



Ps, sorry , just realised that you are from Melbourne ! This is for Sydney brothers then !


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th February 2018, 07:05 PM
Poster ID: silvermike
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maya

Establishment : Anocha Massage, Croydon. 03 9724 9224

Date of Visit : 13/02/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : "Cannot find server"

Hours of Business : 7 days

Rates : $70 p/h

Age : Early 20s maybe 25

Size/shape : slim, nice boobs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : Great massage, so yes. No extras.

My experience/comments : 

I'd been to Anocha some years ago without success despite trying with a very sexy regular many times before giving up...... So went back this morning having seen Golfer's review above .  Sadly, I was disappointed.  Don't get me wrong.... Maya is a really good ML but there was zero accidental touching or sensual stuff involved.  I did leave my jocks on and when she started to work on my legs and butt I said she could take them off if they were in the way.... Maya thanked me and did so.  Anyways, lovely massage but that's all folks!
I have a feeling other MLs at this establishment might offer more.....  I went in there a few weeks ago and was greeted by the very scary mamasan and seriously did not want an encounter with her so I just asked something about gift vouchers and she promptly got rid of me with a knowing smile.  So... maybe there is hope.

A few minutes later I wandered into a nearby sure thing RnT, which I left an hour later with a load off my "mind".  (review elsewhere )

Please note, I'm a bronze member so can't see your comments if you are silver or in any of the silk departments above.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th February 2018, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by silvermike



Please note, I'm a bronze member so can't see your comments if you are silver or in any of the silk departments above
"""



You can see every comment or reply to this thread. The only things you cant see are the Gold Forums, and the Massage Parlour section of the Main Forum.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th February 2018, 07:38 AM
Poster ID: silvermike
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


You can see every comment or reply to this thread. The only things you cant see are the Gold Forums, and the Massage Parlour section of the Main Forum
"""



Thanks for letting me know.  I had assumed that bronze member reviews like this are also visible in the massage section and that if someone commented, I might not see their comment. (if that makes sense).


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th February 2018, 07:43 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No they are two different Forums, both stand alone.


