Thread Title: Apple - Natural Therapy Mitcham - 03 8806 8586
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th January 2019, 10:35 AM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: 
 Apple - Natural Therapy Mitcham - 03 8806 8586
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple

Establishment : Natural Therapy

Date of Visit : Last Wednesday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/7 432 Mitcham Rd Mitcham (in Quality Way)

Phone : 8806 8586

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : 50/60/70

Age : early 30's?

Size/shape : Medium, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This place is hard to find as it's not visible from the main road. I stumbled upon it and when I entered, there were about 4 girls milling about. They were all asian and mostly skinny little things. There was one lady sitting down who looked a bit more shapely and I smiled her way so she came to the desk. Booked in for 1/2hr (standard booking when sussing out a new place) and was shown to an area which had curtained off rooms that were quite dark. (I later looked on google and saw some photos of how this area had been a chiropractor with large treatment rooms) Nuded up and lay on the table and waited until my girl came in. Usual questions revealed her name was Apple (yeah, sure) and she was from China. The massage started on my back and was reasonable. Not too much later, the bum and thighs, then led to to some nice crack work. Apple really did a great job here, rubbing my apples and nice lovely date play too. I'd never tried this but had read some reviews of those who did. I moved my legs up and into a downward dog sorta position. Apple responded nicely by asking if I wanted a special massage. Well it was already special? As it was a bit hard to converse with my face in the table hole, I sat up fully to be face to face with her. Some interesting negotiating started - 50 for HJ and some touching. Topless? 70, Nude - no, (a bit later that was offered at 100!), OK topless it is. i moved in close to her to see if kissing was going to be an option. Some soft and light kisses were OK but that was it. I then resumed the downward dog position and Apple skilfully and slowly worked my date, crack, sack and now my shaft. Eventually I initiated the flip and it all continued. I touched her nice dark nipples but she jumped a bit. I asked if that was OK? She said she was ticklish and leant across me to suck my nipple so I manoeuvred so that I could suck hers too. Her tempo increased and I crossed the finish line. She cleaned up, dressed and went off to get the warm towels. She was taking some time and I couldn't be bothered waiting, so dressed and left. I'd certainly visit her again to see what else is on the menu.


