Thread Title: Avondale Heights Massage - 15 Military Rd, Avondale Heights - 03 9318 6114
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th September 2014, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: burnblack
Post Title: 
 Avondale Heights Massage - 15 Military Rd, Avondale Heights - 03 9318 6114
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : June Phone 03 93186114

Establishment : Avondale Heights Massage

Date of Visit : 28/9/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...and-Relax.html  15 Military Rd Avondale Heights Vic

Hours of Business : 10 - 8 7 days

Rates : $50 1/2 hour $70 1 hour + $50 nude HJ

Age : Around 40

Size/shape : Average curvy B cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

After finishing off some shopping at Highpoint, I decided to reward myself with a bit of a relax (I find retail therapy anything but relaxing - must be male!). I've seen this place advertising on Locanto for a while but have not visited. Up til a couple of weeks ago a female friend lived very nearby and I didn't want to be seen visiting a massage shop, so I thought this was the perfect opportunity to check it out. I was met by by June as I walked in and shown to one of the cubicles toward the back of the shop. Unfortunately this is one of those place where the walls don't go all the way to the ceiling and have curtains for doors. I settled for an hour and fixed up the money side of things, June disappeared and I stripped off and laid down on the massage table, having one of those moments wondering if I'd wasted my money or I was going to get a good time out of this visit.  

When June returned she had a warm damp towel with her and she proceeded to give me a wipe down including the crack, immediate thought, I'm on a winner here! Straight afterwards she covers me with a towel and my hearts sinks, beginning to look legit! However, she then adjusts the towel so the bum and jewels are easily accessible, expectations go up. Anyway she starts the massage with oil, not too much, and gives a better than passable effort. She obviously has had some training in massage and put it too good use. After a while she started on the inner thighs and the jewels got some attention thus confirming on was on a winner. I took this as the opportunity to start fondling her legging clad legs which she gave every appearance of enjoying. After a decent interval of this I was invited to flip with a raging hard on so she knew she was on the right the track. On the flip negotiated $50 for a nude HJ. Off came her gear to reveal a perky pair of B cups with long nipples and a neatly trimmed bush. She gave an excellent unrushed HJ which lead to the inevitable conclusion, without he going hell for leather or trying rip my cock away from where it is presently (and happily) located. There was time left on the clock and June gave me an excellent head massage which damn near put to sleep.

June doesn't have great English skills, and the set up of the place doesn't make for having a conversation either. I sort of get the impression that more could be on offer, as while she was working on me I had full access to her boobs and dripping wet pussy! I will visit again and maybe try to get her private number, you never know your luck!

All in all it was a very good punt. I'm not a fan of young girls who don't have clue about what they are doing and are disdainful for older men like myself. June is not the youngest going around but not the oldest either and has a very decent body. Well worth a trip in my view.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th September 2014, 06:26 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Locanto ad,






Get Massaged and Relax. - 58

HIEGHTS MASSAGE. FEELING AVERAGE? FOR A SOOTHING AND RELAXING MASSAGE. CALL US! PH 93186114 OR DROP INTO 15 MILITARY RD AVONDALE HEIGHTS. 
Share	


Ad ID: 218683432  Get Massaged and Relax. - 58, avondale Heights
Flag this ad
Ad ID: 218683432
15 military rd, avondale Heights 3034


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th September 2014, 12:46 AM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice one BB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th January 2015, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: tbone
Post Title: 
 Anna-  Avondale Heights - 9318 6114
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Relaxation massage avondale heights 

Date of Visit : 15/1/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 15 MILITARY RD AVONDALE HEIGHTS 93186114

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : 50 per half hour plus extras

Age : mid 40s

Size/shape : 12 not great body but not bad

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : massage and extras

Value for money/recommend? : Yes not amazing but worth it. 

My experience/comments : 

I was out this way for work and had some spare time so i thought why not.
The shop is on a main st so privacy is no good.
Went in to a big room with multiple rooms set up but all far enough away from each other for some privacy.
Anna  started the massage saying i had a tight back which i did and she  worked through a lot of the knots and actually did a good job at it.
After this she started gently doing the bum and back legs and around the balls from behind which was nice.
The turn over comes and she asks if i want extras, she states they will be $30 and i offer $20 to which she excepts.
She then starts the hj which was very good definitely not rushesed at all and took her time making sure i got over the line.
Would i return? yeah if i was in the area i would as it did fix my back a bit and the handjob was definitely worth it.


