Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th May 2015, 03:04 PM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: 
 Awesome Massage - Brunswick - 03 9995 7166 / 0410 776 788
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Claire


Establishment : Evergreen Traditional Chinese Massage



Date of Visit : 14/04/2015



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 99957166 / 0410776788    85 Holmes St, Brunswick



Hours of Business : 10.00am - 9.00pm



Rates : $45/half hour massage + extras



Age : 25 ish



Size/shape : Slim, tallish, acups, short hair



Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC



Services Provided : Massage only - extras not taken up



Value for money/recommend? : Not really



My experience/comments : I had been to this place quite a few years ago - it is on a really busy road near a busy intersection so parking and discreetness a challenge. They have painted the window and tarted it up a bit. A question on the window "Painting" to fellow punters - is there someone in Melbourne that has a template for all these places..all the windows are done exactly the same!?
Anyway, back to the punt...I went in on a Tuesday morning around 11.00am and it was cold & quiet and I figured I must be the first customer for the day (I was). Was shown to one of the small wood petitioned "rooms" (open at the top - not good) by Claire who was a pretty attractive girl with a boyish short hair cut but there was something sexy about her so thought I would give it a go. Paid the rack rate $45 for the 1/2 hour and she proceeded to give me a pretty decent massage that was firmish but stayed away from the tackle and no teasing at all. After about 10 minutes started to bring extras into the conversation and she said too cold to go nude to which I joked "Well I am" with the little heater struggling to keep the room warm. She said she would do HJ only for $30 no touching to which I tried to negotiate (more to include some kind of interaction!) but she wasn't keen so I passed on it. 
Maybe Claire would loosen up on more visits but she wasn't up for much on this day.  WIR - not sure?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th May 2015, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This clearly belongs in the Northern Suburbs section,not the South-East.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th May 2015, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes correct sorry!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th May 2015, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by punt road


Yes correct sorry
"""



Moved as requested.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th December 2016, 04:19 AM
Poster ID: decemberspecial
Post Title: 
 Cindy - Holmes rd Brunswick - 0410 776 788
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : cindy

Establishment : Massage shop in Holmes rd

Date of Visit : 23/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Brunswick - on Holmes rd near Moreland Rd - you can call her for address
0410776788

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : 50+30 hj

Age : 45ish

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysia

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. 

I have been to this shop before and seen someone called Wendy. Wendy is great if you ever get the chance. Anyway I make my way in. I booked first. She (Cindy) gives me a pretty soft massage and then starts tickling me from behind and then full on stroking me. We flip and she asks happy ending - she wants 50 with top off and we end up going 30 with top on. She strokes me to completion and wipes me up. Place was fine but she didn't change the towel when I left.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th December 2016, 04:21 AM
Poster ID: decemberspecial
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So the implication of the towel would be, you chould ask them for a new towel on the massage table when you show up.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th June 2017, 01:20 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Kim - Evergreen Thai Massage - Kensington - 0458 331 919 / 9372 1833
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 
Kim

Establishment : 
Evergreen Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 
Monday 5/06/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Massage Shop Front 
289 Racecourse Road
Kensington Victoria
0458 331 919

Massage Therapist, Full BodyMassage, Traditional Thai Massage, Deep Tissue Massage,Foot Massage, Reflexology, Relaxation Massage - Abbotsford, Richmond, Melbourne CBD, Kensington | EVERGREEN THAI MASSAGE

Hours of Business : 
10.30am - 9.00pm


Rates : 
$45.00 for 30 mins.
$50.00 for 45 mins.

Age : 
50 ish

Size/shape : 
Size 12 (I am no expert)
Plumpish, small tits, bush. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : 
Vietnamese

English : 
Poor, but ok.

Services Provided:
Massage, HJ. 
From there it is YMMV. I had DFK, FIV, BBBJ. Additional charge $50.

Value for money/recommend? 
Yes, but only if service is your priority, as opposed to youthful good looks.

My experience/comments : 

This shop looks very legit. from the outside. On their web site they advertise a number of legit services, including pregnancy massage. Usually a red flag for me to steer clear.

However I was a following a tip off, that a mature age provider may give extra attention.

I was warmly greeted by a cheerful young chubby chick on reception. She was actually quite attractive, in her own way. I Had a long chat with her. They have another shop in Abbotsford (Vic).

Enough chit chat. She asked if I wanted a massage ? 
I selected 30 mins for $45. she up sold me 45 mins for $50. mins. Lol.

I had asked her who does the massage ? My options were (A) her  (B) a guy (C) other woman.

I asked if the other woman was older ? "Yes!" I then explained to her that as I am an older guy I would feel creepy being massaged by such a nice young lady as herself "Oh no that is no problem",  she really wanted the gig. However, I really wanted a tug, & selected the older ML. She pretended to understand, and led me up the stairs.

I don't know how things work up here when they are busy. Three tiny cubicles constructed entirely of thin curtains. No problem now though. Chubbs gives me the usual instructions and says to wait.

No sexual disclaimer signs, or underwear instructions. So I nude up & wait to see what the Punting Gods are going to deliver.

Eventually in walks a friendly 50ish Vietnamese woman. Not quite plump, but getting there.
She says her name is Kim. 

I explained the situation about Chubbs downstairs. I told Kim, I do not want to be massaged by young-uns. Music to her ears. She bags young chicks for their lack of experience. It gave me an opportunity to be a ittle tactile as I complimented her. Then it was on to the main event.

Everything started off pretty much stock standard. Then she performed some medium paced crack & perineum work.

She flipped me after about 15 mins., and went straight into commercial negotiations. Fortunately Pancho Jr. was still limp.

She offered a HJ, I feigned disinterest. Then it was BJ for $70. I said no & she countered with $50. I said no again & we continued with the massage. 

She kept at me, describing how she is really good at sucking, says she even licks around here, pointing to my perineum. Eventually we agree to hanky panky $50. on my terms.

I was a bit turned off by the haggling & bartering. It turns the experience into a bit of a competition. What ensued was a reasonably good work out though. 

Long story short, we went hammer & tongs at DFK, FIV, DATY, HJ, & BBBJ. She even thanked me when she cum lol.
I didn't charge her, I am just too nice a guy.

We had quite a chummy post coital chat. She was trying pretty hard to sign me up as a Monday regular.

She is a bit of an over sharer, and tells a few porkies along the way. Her marital history changed three times in the course of our conversation. 

She led me downstairs and saw me off. As I leave, Chubbs asked if it was all good. She had a knowing twinkle in her eye. I gave her the thumbs up. 

I am now almost convinced that it is game on here regardless of ML.

I am only speculating, but I think their team balance here & Abbotsford is to have 3 providers on duty. A guy, a young chick, and an older woman. Gotta cover the market.

WIR ? 
Probably not. Been there done that. Unless on a whim, I have a crack at a younger therapist.....,umm errr female of course.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 8th June 2017, 05:50 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice report Pancho and some good bartering though it would appear she wasn't going to no for an answer. I agree regarding your comment about the shops that offer pregnancy massage. I too steer clear of those. Those older one's can go off like a fire cracker as they might not an offer get to "get off" as much as the younger one's. You obvious set a fire under her and you were the willing recipient. Good job. Pity we don't get a reduced price when they "get off", but if you're into DATY, well, you gotta do what you gotta do.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th February 2018, 09:19 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Evergreen Massage

Date of Visit : Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : As above

Rates : $50/30 + $50 extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim, short, tattoo on right ankle

Nationality or Ethnicity : Half PRC, half Japanese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Short review for a short ML, as I'm short of time!

Annie is a cute little number, who had the whole US farm girl look going (except Asian) -- ripped denim shorts, and a check shirt that was twisted through at the navel. I was in the area, and toey, so even though she seemed a little small for my liking I went for it.

In short, what followed was an OK to good massage followed by an absolutely brilliant tug. One of the best I've had. Annie's English is OK, and she's a good conversationalist. 

Annie works Wednesdays only, can recommend.

Dean.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 8th June 2018, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: 
 Na - Evergreen Thai Massage  289 Racecourse Rd Kensington 9372 1833
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Na

Establishment :  Evergreen Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 12 May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :289 Racecourse Rd Kensington 

Hours of Business : 10 to 10

Rates : $59/h (special deal)

Age : 50

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ for $30

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not


Na is a very experienced Thai masseuse and will give you a pretty good all-body work-out if that is what you are after - which I was as my back was pretty crook after a long international flight. As she worked down the back, she was happy to remove the sheet completely and certainly worked into every nook and cranny, while avoiding direct contact with Bill and the boys. The sheet was back on when we got to the flip and she started to work away at the thighs. In the meantime, the elephant was definitely in the room and trying to escape from under the covers. I responded to the anticipated question with "sure" and she commenced an experienced, though not highly erotic tug. All in all, a good option if you want a quality massage and leave with a smile on your face, but nothing too exciting.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 26th February 2019, 05:57 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Next on the list..


Floor: #12
Post Time: 6th March 2019, 08:00 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: 
 Awesome Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofie

Establishment : Awesome Massage Brunswick 

Date of Visit : 25th February 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 85 Holmes St, Brunswick
Phone : 9995 7166

Hours of Business : 10am to 830pm

Rates : $50 for half hour

Age : late twenties 

Size/shape : 8 Short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : okay 

My experience/comments :

I was in Brunswick on some personal business and decided to go to Holmes St for a load relief. There are a lot of works going there as they are replacing the tram tracks and the shops look dead. Anyhow, I parked around the corner and because of the works I didn't do the shame walk.

The first parlour was closed and a sign stating it was an illegal brothel..move on..
Now, I have been to 85 before and walked out as the girls have not been to my liking.
Anyhow, I was greeted by Sofie who was the only one there and having lunch.

Asked for half an hour and gave $100 ..went to the room and got ready. She took a while as she must have finished her lunch. The massage was good and asked the usual " have you been here before"...of course yes. She was very flirty and I asked for nude and she could have the $50. 

She he did not remove her clothes but I felt her very wet spot and was able to raise her top to deliver my load over her chest. Funnily enough she took a shine to me and kept hugging and kissing.

May have to give it a wide birth as I not interested in clingy massage girls.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 6th March 2019, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lol wanting a visa. Did she have a nice chest to unload on?


