Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 12:32 AM
Poster ID: blueonion
Post Title: 
 Benessere massage - 204 Bell St, Heidelberg Heights - 03 9459 0603 / 0424 710 755 / 0469 652 199
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Amy 

Establishment: 204 Bell St Heidelberg West

Date of Visit:17/1/14

Contact details: Not sure, drove past it and went in

Hours of Business: 9am-9pm?

Rates:$65 per hour + extras

Age:Mature 40

Size/shape: C cup, not in great shape

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services Provided: Massage / HJ

Value for money/recommend? not much to look at, but nice lady

Went in on a cooler day.  I've been here a few times and had many different people.  Amy was a surprise and very different.  I paid the girl at the front, and she showed me to the room.  The fitout here is ok, they do have odd music which isn't as relaxing as I would like.  I stripped off and laid on the massage table.  Amy came in and she was very friendly.  Bit of chat about her background and she tells me she works at the other shop in Richmond normally but she's helping out Tue and Fridays.  I got a firm massage to start with soft / relaxation afterwards.  She gave a nice firm massage and hit the right spots (albeit not strong enough).  When she started the soft massage, things got more sensual.  Bit of teasing the tackle, she used her fingernails to go up and down my whole body including the butt area.  With 10 minutes to go she asked "there's 10 minutes left, want to turn over?" so i turned over and she kept teasing and eventually we agreed on HJ for $30.  Nice and slow, got me over the line because I felt she was quite genuine and attentive unlike the mechanical ones i've had.  If you're expecting a looker, don't bother, but if you're looking for a relaxed / non mechanical massage with extras, Amy's good for it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd January 2014, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: lucija123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think this is the lady i had tonight.  I had to stop the massage halfway through.  It was the worst one i've ever had.  I know i should probably do a review of my own but I'd rather just add to this existing thread.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th February 2014, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: sxcbosnian65
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agreed lucja123. 

Went here last week. Shocking massage. After 10mins, I said I had to leave and she only charged me $20 bucks instead of 40.

Not a fan of this place at all.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th February 2014, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: bailixi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
this shop's atmosphere is better than 300 bell street which has a fishy smell. shame only hand job offer.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th February 2014, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: Jtk
Post Title: 
 BENESSERE MASSAGE - Heidelberg
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Benessere Massage

Date of Visit : 22/02/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SHOP 204 BELL ST,HEIDELBERG HEIGHTS, VIC

Hours of Business : -

Rates : $40 x 30mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : wearing too much clothes to tell, a little bit chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I had seen an ad on Locanto several months ago, but when I was on my way I ended up paying a visit to another establishment. I did a quick browse on Locanto and saw this place again, and thought i would give it a try.

I make my way there, ring the bell, and I'm greeted by a young asian lady (who would end up giving me the massage). Very quiet welcoming, i asked for a 30 mins massage and she collected $40. Takes me to a room, asks me to get ready and leaves.

First thing i notice is two signs, one about the typical no intimate services, and the other to leave the underwear on. Whenever i stumble across the second one i tend to follow instructions.

So here she returns, and starts the massage. First thing is that i felt like if she was oiling me up to toss me into an oven, the oil bottle was cap less and she was just pouring it on. I must confess i enjoy a lot of oil, the problem was the massage that followed. 

The massage was very soft and plain. After a couple of minutes she asked me if i wanted to take the undies off, and away they go (too much for the sign). After not that long, probably 10 mins, comes the flip. At this point I'm expecting something extra will be on offer, but i must confess i was really not in the mood after the plain massage.

Nevertheless, she points there and asks for thirty, and i cant deny. The extra was a little bit better than the rest of the massage, but negligible. All in all 70 bucks to end up all oily and not any more relaxed than before. Probably i will return but definitely will be for another ML.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: bobobros
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Best when you see the signs to keep your jocks on - is to take off your jocks.  If it is legit they would probably just throw a towel over you and keep you covered. Just say you didnt see the sign if it causes any issues.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st April 2014, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: blueonion
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Benessere Massage

Date of Visit : 20/03/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SHOP 204 BELL ST,HEIDELBERG HEIGHTS, VIC

Hours of Business : -

Rates : $65 x 60mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : average, not skinny, not fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No

The usual happened, went in there, stripped off and got on the bed.  I waited for a long time until finally someone came through the door.  Had a girl named Jessie.  She works from Wed-Sunday.  She's a short vietnamese girl, short hair.  She is currently studying, and lives with housemates etc.

Fairly standard massage, nothing fantastic, good strong hands, but didn't quite hit the right pressure points to give me goosebumps.

Anyhow, she then transitions from strong to relaxation/soft.  Rather than deep tissue style, she begins her long strokes all the way down my butt and to the inner thighs, with slightly teasing touches on the sack, but not enough to get me excited.  We then flip and she sees the excited pole and asks whether I'd like some help today.... i contemplate given the lack of tease, and I initially say no.

She then continues with some massaging of the ab area and inner thighs and her thigh starts to bump into my hand.  I begin to subconsciously rub her thigh and then her plump behind, and stroke her inner thigh all the way up to her cave.  She's still fully clothed in block overall stockings, but she definitely notices my subconscious play and she then slows down her massage and gets closer and closer to my little one.  This tease goes on for a good 10 minutes until I eventually give her the nod and she starts to stroke.  By this time i was excited by the games and play, and I unload pretty quickly.

Cleaned up and gave her thirty.  

WIR?  Possibly, i liked the games and tease too much.  I prefer girls who are suggestive but not completely open.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd April 2014, 09:17 PM
Poster ID: triplexeon
Post Title: 
 Benessere massage - heidelberg heights vic 03 9459 0603
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hanna

Establishment : Benessere massage

Date of Visit : 20/3/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9459 0603 (Locanto Ad)

Hours of Business : 9pm - 7pm

Rates : $70 / half hour

Age : 20

Size/shape : Slim, great body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I was visiting Melbourne for a few weeks so I thought I would have a massage to treat my shoulder joint (old gym injury) and I opted for Benessere Massage in Heidelberg Heights, Melb. I've been a few times since, so you can get a feel for how much I liked the place.

On the first visit I met Hanna, she's quite young (20 I would say) and small and really works into your back (especially when she gets up on the table and works her elbows into the muscles). I left feeling quite refreshed (this place is postered all over as 'no sexual services').

On the second visit I have a little underwhelmed for this different girl, I didn't catch her name but she was a little larger and possibly Filo. A very mechanical massage and very little enthusiasm for her job was displayed unfortunately.

On the third and final visit, I had Hanna again. It appears she remembered me when I walked in and was actually supposed to finish for the day... but stayed on for another hour for me. As always a great massage, great attention to detail, and she even had a conversation with me (which goes a long way in my books).

If you're after massage services, and are in the area I would recommend this shop most certainly. Just don't be afraid to ask for a different masseuse.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 12th November 2014, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: camui
Post Title: 
 Benesserre Massage - Heidelberg, 204 Bell Street, 9459 0603
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jane

Establishment : Bennesserre Massage

Date of Visit : October 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 204 Bell Street, Heidelberg

Hours of Business : 10:30am to 8pm 

Rates : 65 for 1 hr

Age : late 30s early 40s

Size/shape : Short and a bit big, older lady

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : only if youre after a happy ending

My experience/comments : Been wanting to write this review and another for a while but haven't had the chance. I drive past this place pretty often as i'm often in this area. The shop front looks seedy enough to warrant a happier ending than most massage parlours so thought i'd finally give it a go. Upon arriving at the front door, i tried to open it but it seems they like to keep it locked, a lady inside saw me trying to enter and came to the door to open it. She returned behind a partition at her desk while i looked arounad, assuming she wanted me to look at the prices and give me time to decide. The front area is pretty empty with their  admin area behind bamboo partitions and what looks like a desk for nail manicures. After waiting for a good 5 minutes another older lady came in from the back and asked what I would like. I said 60 minute massage and she led me to the room. 

The room was quite spacious with a chair in the corner and a massage table on one side. She went out and told me to get ready, so i stripped and laid on the table butt naked. She came back in and trailed her fingers along my back and started some small chat. She began by putting a towel on my back and then proceeding to loosen me up. As this seems to be the norm when they start i wasn't too worried but then she dragged it down to cover my butt and legs, at which point i thought 'damn.. this place looked so promising'. Her massage was fairly standard but i'd say i've had better at most other places. I would not recommend this place if youre looking for a decent massage. She works the body like normal, starting with back then arms then legs but is not very good at it. there was practically no teasing whatsoever which was a big let down and led me to believe there was nothing on offer. 

Finally the flip came and she started to massage me over slowly, avoiding the tackle at which point i had completely given up. However 5minutes after the flip she then pointed and asked if i wanted a happy ending, hell yes i did! I was quite surprised as there was no teasing at all and no lead up. Her hj was pretty mechanical and nothing special, pretty much the type of hj to just get your rocks off. If youre looking for a place to get a happy ending and subpar massage then this place is for you, but im' sure there's many better places so i would not return!


