Thread Title: Blue Krystal, Dandenong -  9708 5555
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th June 2016, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: massageplease
Post Title: 
 Blue Krystal, Dandenong -  9708 5555
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoe 

Establishment : Blue Krystal 16 Greens Road Dandenong VIC 9708 5555

Date of Visit : April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Erotic Massage Dandenong South| Relaxation| Adult Services| Brothel Dandenong South

Hours of Business : 10am to late

Rates : $80

Age : 35 ish

Size/shape : Curvy, nice 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus Caucasian

Services Provided : RNT Body Slides.

Value for money/recommend? : Not so bad , well known place I think

My experience/comments : 
I'd sort of had an average run round Frankston way and timing for the favourites wasn't good if I wanted to dine out on Wild Jasmine , so I took the bold step of going to a place where there is no guess work not so far away. 
Went in , thought oh, not exactly 5 star, mamasan not that inviting , very businesslike. 
Two ladys came out , Siggy & Zoe, not old not young, neither floating my boat especially but I went with Zoe once I learned how it worked.
She says she is big on massage , hot oil & body slides, so shower etc and she starts.
I quite enjoyed it & the big mirror view. 30 minute / hand option taken  so she flipped me quickly & carried on , lots of oil , enjoyed those nice boobs , bit of a tummy but cuddly.
I soon just wanted to get behind her but she reminded me it wasn't the option taken, but was glad to hear it.
Any way it all concluded with her kind of wrapped around me & a clean up  de-oiling shower. 

Dont have anything to compare it with but I want more, I discovered that, not sure if its there though, She was very pleasant anyway, made a good effort with her massage thing too. 
Might go upmarket a bit, now I have the taste? I think its now $90 however, price rise.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th February 2017, 07:43 PM
Poster ID: WillyM
Post Title: 
 Blue Krystal - Yuki (03) 97085555
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Establishment : Blue Krystal

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 Green's Road Dandenong, Ph 03 9708 5555, www.bluekrystal.com.au&nbsp

Date of Visit : 17/02/2017

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $100 for 20 mins
Age : 35 - 40

Size/shape : B cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments :
Visited Blue Krystal around 11 this morning. Boysan informed me that there were only asian girls and that the caucasian girls started later in the day. Three girls were available, but only 2 were FS (Blue Krystal provides both FS and RnT) The pick of the two was Yuki, a bit MILFy. I dont normally go for MILFs but she was very friendly and attractive. Booked for 20 minutes. After showering Yuki joins me and is very cuddly and sensually touchy. Tit play is encourage and pussy touching is OK but only gently. Next is a very good CBJ. After a bit, change of Dom and she mounts me for CG. Her pussy is quite snug. Generally CG is only OK for me because most girls only rock backwards and forwards, rather than sliding up and down the greasy pole. However Yuki does this really well with plenty of close body contact. Ordinarily I prefer to finish in mish because I like to control the tempo at the vinegar stroke but Yuki gets it down pat as she rides me to finale. After clean up she gives me a really sensous massage. All in all a great time


