Thread Title: Body Health Treatment - Boronia - (03) 9762 3120
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th May 2017, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 Body Health Treatment - Boronia - (03) 9762 3120
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

 Establishment : Body Health Treatment

 Date of Visit : 08/05/2017

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 63/140 Boronia Rd, Boronia VIC 3155 (03) 9762 3120

 Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

 Rates : $70 60min, $60 45min

 Age : looked late 20's to me but I guess could be older

 Size/shape : C-D cup, slim, shortish 5'4" (162cm)

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan (Chinese)

 Services Provided : Massage, kissing and clothed handy

 Value for money/recommend? : Ok

 My experience/comments :

I actually went to the massage shop accross the road and wanted to book an hour however the girl told me she couldn't do 1 hr and only wanted to do 30min so I said maybe another time, then she tried to upside for 45min so I politely laughed and said thanks and walked... :-)
 So next I wandered into this establishement without a booking hoping for the best. There was no one at the front desk and as I slowly walked up to the desk a voice popped out from behind me "Hello!!" which made me jump a little...

Nice looking young girl with fairly large breasts in a crimson dress, I asked for 1 hour and she said ok no problems and guided me to the middle room. I paid the money and as she disapeared I stripped and lay on the table.

 She started the massage which was actually pretty good. I introduced myself after a bit and this is when she told me her name was Tiffany and that she was from Taiwan (seems a few ML's comming from Taiwan these days..). She seemd to have a nice personality and was friendly. She seemed a bit shy and I thought "bugger" looks like I've lucked out. She then moved to the top of the table and started to massage my shouders, all of a sudden she bent over and liked and kissed my ear and had a little giggle!!
Maybe some hope after all.. I asked her if she liked to have fun, she then told me some customers are not so nice. I asked what she meant and she told me she doen't take clothes off (bugger!!) and a customer this morning was angry as she would not strip and after the massage he only tipped her $10... I told her "no problem" if she is not comfortable taking clothes off, and customers should not get so stressed.
She then kissed me and continued the massage (at this point I'm pretty confused as to what the outcome will be??)
She asked me to flip after a while and massaged my front. She then asked if I wanted "junior" to get some attention to which I replied "yes please". She oils me up stepped in close and proceeded with a nice slow handy she then leant over and began to kiss and pash me.. she varied the pace and after a bit she lifted her leg onto the table so I could rub her pussy through her panties.
Soon enough I exploded and the job was complete..  After this she cleand me up and she washed her hands. We still had a little time left so she gave me a head rub and finished the time up.

 She told me she works Mondays and asked me to come back to see her and repeated her name so I would remember. I thought it fair to tip her $30 which she seemed happy with.
I have had better value however all in all it was a plesant expiereince and I might go back to see if there is more on offer.

 Jas


