Thread Title: Bodyline - 21 Thomas St, Yarraville - 03 9314 6551
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st January 2015, 07:25 AM
Poster ID: tonyb1
Post Title: 
 Bodyline - 21 Thomas St, Yarraville - 03 9314 6551
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : Bodyline, 21 Thomas St Yarravile

Date of Visit : Oct 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9314 6551

Hours of Business : 10 - late

Rates : $120 + 30

Age : early-mid 30s

Size/shape : short, skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : nude hj

Value for money/recommend? : quite good

My experience/comments : Had seen Cici once previously at Club Striptease and after learning she was at Bodyline I rang up to see what days she works and she was on that night. Made a booking and hopped on the western ring road. Parking is great, very private and walked in to settle the financials. Cost was $120 for half hour and then negotiated $30 with her directly for touching. Yikes - certainly pricier than at the old club striptease! After showering, massage was of to a bit of a slow start, felt like she was going through the paces, but it picked up and she was happy to let my hands wonder. Plenty of ball action, some great bodyslides (I love the mirrors on the ceiling) and then flipped over where I received a nice long slow hj. Had her sit up next to me so that I could touch everything, even had a couple of kisses and then exploded all over her boobs! All in all, great hj and fairly easy lady to spend half an hour with


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th January 2015, 02:00 PM
Poster ID: Keith47
Post Title: 
 Monet
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monet

Establishment : Bodyline

Date of Visit : 6/6/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 10/13-21 Thomas Street, Yarraville VIC 3013

Hours of Business : 10-3 wd 10-6we

Rates : 240 hr

Age : early 20

Size/shape : athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity :Caucasian  

Services Provided : RnT, HJ, DATY, Mutual touching, Bodyslides and massage

Value for money/recommend? :  high value, recommend.

First saw Monet some time back and after having good sessions with some of the other ladies thought id give her a go. Tall, fine features with an unbelievable set of breasts ( thought they were fake but turns out to be the real deal) long blonde hair , wild looking which I find a turn on.

Each time with her has been better every session, first started out doing half hours but soon learnt an hour goes a long way...

First I have to say that I appreciated her lack of focus on money. Laid back and casual I didn't feel pressured for extras like I have with one or two another girls, didn't have to lug myself off the table to put the cash in her hand instead being told with a wink I look trustworthy and to relax and take care of it after!

She kinda saunters in, asked how my shower was and asked if I should care for any extras. She reeled off this list of arousing sounding activities that I had no hope of keeping track of which were all mine for 50. I always do extras nonetheless so no probs.

She is talkative and makes things relaxed. I lie on my stomach and get the best massage I've ever received at a brothel. I asked if she's done this before and am told that she is a masseuse in her day job. Fuck me it shows....
She does this with her clothes on getting me very relaxed. Could hardly keep my eyes open to admire her fuck me ass.
Before I knew what was happening I look up to see her I between my legs slowly making a show of pouring the oil on her body . I went from relaxed to ready to go right then and there. She went from firm deep touches to light nails all over my body before sliding and writhing over my back. Her tits going in my ass crack drove me mad.

She moves enthusiastically but sensual as well, hard to explain before using her knees and legs to massage my legs and back. Hadn't seen it done before but it felt amazing.
Slowly slipping off of me she cheerily tells me to flip .

She gets a warm towel and drapes it over my cock, playfully grabbing it before hopping back on and performing a fantastic frontal slide . She moved her ass like a snake and with the movement on my cock I was itching to touch her. She certainly didn't seem to mind.
Going back to in my legs she slowly drags the towel over my cock which while being rock hard I find almost too much, driving me wild. Drops the towel with a grin and proceeds to dance and slide the entire length of her body on my member. From her light pubic hair, right to her neck using her breasts to play around in between I prob could have almost been happy doing that until I blew !!

Right when I was getting into it she hops off, telling me it was my turn. This was new . ...
She lays on the table, and tells me to have a play,. At first I was at a loss but soon lost myself in feeling her body, exploring her neat little pussy and generally wanting to fuck ! After I have had my fill of exploring every inch of her I straddle her ( with her reassurance I was not going to crush her) and proceeded to have a titty fuck like I've not had before. It turned me on to see it looked like she was as aroused as I was!

I kept stopping, not wanting to blow too quick and I guess she sensed it as she told me to lay down again.
Hopping back on top on me in reverse she started sliding all over again while giving me a HJ titty sex combo with her pussy so near my face I did not take long to have a intense fucking load blow.

She laughed , cleaned me up and draped a warm towel over me, always tells me to have a breather. After she scrubs down she proceeds to give a great rub down to get rid of the oil and then leaves me to wash while she cleans the room. Right back to warm convo or humming til I'm ready to go.

The only draw back is that she can't give oral because of a plate or something in her jaw by frankly I've never actually missed t with her !


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th January 2015, 01:22 AM
Poster ID: Keith47
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I agree, she is one gorgeous creature right there.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th May 2015, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: batboy
Post Title: 
 Bodyline - 21 Thomas St, Yarraville - 03 9314 6551
				
Post Content: 
tried there, greet service.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th June 2015, 06:07 PM
Poster ID: dominator70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$170/30' for a CBJ massage is still an overpriced service for me. 

Still prefer 150/45' for full service at Octopuses or The Temptation Clubs )


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th July 2015, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: unit32
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Called into Bodyline on Thursday night last week and walked out. None of the 12 girls I met in the intro really took my fancy, so rather than spend it on a mediocre massage, will save it for someone who really takes my fancy! 

I did meet Paris, who almost had me - but just missed that spark!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd August 2016, 09:53 AM
Poster ID: chefjacky
Post Title: 
 Cassidy - Bodyline - 9314 6551
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassidy

Establishment : Bodyline

Date of Visit : 02/08/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Bodyline 9314 6551

Hours of Business : 10am-midnight

Rates : $140

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim/toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Euro

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : A bit pricey

My experience/comments : Second experience, after the first time I told myself I wouldn't do it again but kept thinking about it for a few weeks. Read about a legit place called Bodyline and I was in the area, pretty much went fuck it and went in.

Picked Cassidy or Cassey, cant remember her name. Very good looking girl of european, I'm guessing russian, decent. Very nice and friendly, great conversation. Good massage and even better HJ. A bit pricey because it is a legal place and I rather get a HJ from a non professional.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 10th July 2018, 10:00 PM
Poster ID: figid
Post Title: 
 Bodyline - Shakira
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shakira

Establishment : Bodyline, Yarraville.

Date of Visit : 28/06/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Bodyline 9314 6551

Hours of Business : 10am-midnight

Rates : $150

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : 8, B cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish

Services Provided : HJ, Bodyslides

Value for money/recommend? :  Hard to get "value for money" here but she was good without being outstanding. She's very attractive.

My experience/comments : After tiring of the Asian Parlours I went into Bodyline with the mindset that I was just gonna pick the hottest one there (not the best tactic but turned out ok here). The lineup was a decent mix, mostly mature 30+ ladies, some with that vibe that you know they would give you a great time but some fairly ordinary lookers in there too.

Shakira stood out, stunning brunette beauty in dark green lingerie.

The rooms at Bodyline are the best in Melbourne for a RNT as far as I know.  Nuded up, made the call and she gave a surprisingly good massage, very relaxing and hit the pressure points.  Bodyslides came next and she felt wonderful. There were mirrors everywhere, "you have 5 Shakiras" she said in her Spanish accent, she's so hot.

Then I turned over, after some more enjoying of each other's bodies she straddled my thigh and got to work while I caressed her body and boobs. Gave some great encouragement as she slowly worked up to a furious, but pleasurable, pace until I was done.

Shakira has a strong resemblance to Meghan Markle and I wasn't the first to tell her that she said.  I'd say she's even slightly better looking altho to be fair to the Princess i haven't played around with her in the nude yet!

Bodyline's prices, now up to 150/30 including touching, bodyslides and HJ are just obscene but I have had some great experiences there with likes of Lacey and Megan in years gone by when it was a bit cheaper. It's about a once every 2 year proposition now tho purely for variety, at this price. It's a shame Bodilinx closed down nearby.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 10th July 2018, 11:12 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bodyline's prices were once expensive when there were 3 licensed massage shops on planet Melbourne.  But with 200 additional unlicensed massage shops and a lot asking 100 nude on top of 50, this long standing warrior of a business, is now in line with there pricing lol


Floor: #10
Post Time: 15th July 2018, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: JoeyV
Post Title: 
 Bodyline - 21 Thomas St Yarraville - 03 9314 6551
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mya

Establishment : Bodyline

Date of Visit : 24th May18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9314 6551 / 21 Thomas St, Yarraville VIC 3013 / https://www.bodyline.net.au/

Hours of Business : 10am - 3am

Rates : $250 p/h

Age : 26-30

Size/shape : Waist 6-8 / Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : SE Asian

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and Yes

My experience/comments : 

Latest visit to Bodyline was during the week on a day off, and I was one of the first clients there (so I was told), arriving just before lunch on a Thursday.

Not a fan of the speed intros at Bodyline, especially when they have 6+ women available, and some of them are very cute. I usually forget the names and its difficult to even ask any questions, particularly when some of the girls just pop their heads into the smaller intro rooms, and you cant even see their full outfits, makes me wonder why they are there during the quiet times when they dont place much effort in their intros.

Anyway, Mya was the 2nd last girl to intro, and when I saw her lovely smile, pretty face and fit body, I checked her name with her again before selecting her for 1 hour. Like many of us, I love admiring their lovely asses on the way up those stairs, before we enter the room and have a quick chat. Mya caught me off-guard when she said she would like to offer me FS, even though she usually doesnt offer FS, and hasnt done so since the summer (no idea if this was true or not, but no reason to lie I guess). So for an extra $100 (I know the sign says $50, but I let it go as she was cute and I didnt want to make a fuss), she helped me off with my clothes and sent me to the shower. Before this occasion, I had never expected (or requested) FS at this venue before, as my GF in Syd has an excellent appetite; however, when I am down in Melbs, I try and keep an open mind.

Mya comes back and offers 'sexytime' first before a massage, or a brief massage first. I say her preference is fine, but lets keep the massage brief to say, 15 mins or so, before we have some fun. Well within 5mins of the massage (which was quite nice and firm, and hit the right places on my back), she turns me over and shoves my hand on her pussy. Mya then smiles and said, 'Play with me before we have some fun'. Mya has a very sweet and naturally warm smile, but her eyes were telling me she was keen to have some fun on this cold morning. So after she cums on my hand, she reaches for the rubber and proceeds with a good CBJ. Being honest here, it wasnt the best CBJ I have ever had, but it was certainly enjoyable given I was still playing with her pussy and titties. 

Mya then asks me how I wanted to take her; so I said she can lead the way to start with. She asks me to close my eyes as she switches quickly from CBJ to sliding me inside her. Mya was on top and took her time finding her rhythm, before becoming comfortable and really enjoying the experience. Once I saw this, I leaned in to kiss her (which she liked) before regulating our rhythm to suit us both. Within 10 mins or so she came again, and started to shake a little - I love it when the hot women quiver after they come as its a difficult move for the body to fake, and tells me I did something right!

After a quick drink for both of us, she asks for doggy and then for me to choose what position will finish me off. After I get her close in doggy, I say I want her back on top of me because it will be the best sight I see all day. I ask her if I can go deeper and faster and she smiles as she nods and says, 'yes please'. With the added encouragement, I only lasted another 5 mins or so before we both came within a few seconds of each other. The rest of our time was spent on a nice massage, and talking about Trump and North Korea (which was a little random). After joining me for a shower, with plenty of kissing and fondling, I tipped her another $50 and thanked her for her time. She said I made her day, and as she was exhausted by now, was not going to offer FS for the rest of the week (again..who knows).


Floor: #11
Post Time: 31st December 2018, 04:45 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : chantelle

Establishment : bodyline

Date of Visit : 30/12/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Phone :

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $140 half hr

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : busty, round butt, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie/american

Services Provided : bodyslide massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? :  no, not her

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have been to this place few times before and have had great experiences!

This time around i chose chantelle because of her great face beautiful lips and cheeky smile, she had a great body and busty chest!

She seemed okay from the start as usual with a so called massage which then turned i to body slides on my back, told to flip and had my cock between her tits as shes keeping great eye contact, it felt amazing and was going great as always, this girl loved herself and kept checking herself out in the mirrors.

So then it turn south, she jumps off after about 2mins of rubbing her tits on my cock, not even up in my face or nothing, grabs the oil and starts jerking me and playing with my balls while standing next to me, i try grab her arse and fondle her but shes moving around too much like tryna dance around, brings me close i tell her to stop and wait so she does and starts rubbing my legs for about 5secs til she grabs my cock and goes to jackhammer mode, i ask her to slow down and get back on the table she says but its too late your cuming.. when i wasnt ready too this time. Her speed picks up as she forces it and i cum, then she cleans up and i notice the time.. its only been 20mins.

What do i do? Its not the usual experience ive had here so  not sure if it was and odd day for her or thats just how she is. Ive usually had 69 position with pussy in my face and pussy rubbing on my cock and touching anywhere, but not with this girl.

Anyway the usual shower up and hug n kiss and walked out

I would return to this place as they usually have great looking girls there but i wouldnt choose chantelle again, maybe someone else could have better luck with her


Floor: #12
Post Time: 31st December 2018, 06:35 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have had some great times here & also drawn a few duds.

Your report is going to save other punters a lot of brass.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 31st March 2019, 11:57 AM
Poster ID: Bomber
Post Title: 
 Bodyline
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Andrea

Establishment : Bodyline

Date of Visit : 24/3/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :93146551

Hours of Business : 10:00am to 3:00am

Rates : 140 plus extras

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Peruvian

Services Provided : Massage / FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : After not having a punt for a while i drove into Bodyline looking for some quality. Andrea is a hot lady with big cans and a tight little arse. 140 for a pretty good massage, asked what extras were available, she said all. Covered bj and  pounded her on all fours. Had a great time and will definitely return. Paid extra 70 for fs.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 12th November 2019, 03:19 PM
Poster ID: Excited699
Post Title: 
 BODYLINE - Alexa Yarraville
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alexa

Establishment : Bodyline - Yarraville

Date of Visit : 30/9/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Thomas Street, Yarraville

Phone : 0406 496 551

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $250 an hour

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : D cup, curvy athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Covered BJ, DATY, FS 

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments :

If Alexa isn't the most beautiful girl ive been near then she is definitely top 5. For me she has the most perfect body and breasts that make me hard just by looking at. Alexa is extremely chatty and makes you feel very welcome. Bodylines rooms are full of mirrors and the pleasure  in getting a massage from Alexa while looking at her in the surrounding mirrors is one of lifes great feelings. Before long Alexa started an amazing blowjob,which got me to the point of climax. She finished me by riding me like a cowgirl, making me feel like I was in my very own porno.
  We were only fifteen minutes into my hour session, so we showered and Alexa gave me some more massage, keeping me amused with friendly small talk. Before long I was hard again, and Alexa then set herself up in the 69 position. We went like this until I came for a 2nd time, and I don't think ive ever tasted anything so good in my life.  Alexa is just about my perfect punt.


