Thread Title: Busty Brunette but Barely Memorable
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 08:28 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Busty Brunette but Barely Memorable
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rita I think 

Establishment : Private Residence 

Date of Visit : September 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...n-Massage.html

Hours of Business : 10am-4pm 

Rates : $100 HR All up 

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Size 14 with massive cans

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian

Services Provided : HJ Spanish

Value for money/recommend? : Mah

My experience/comments : I really wanted to try something different from my usual fare which is, young, Asian, attractive, slim, with reasonable English if possible.
Well I got different here in spades. When I rocked up at the house I was immediately concerned that if she didn't live up to expectations I would be obliged to stay. You can't pretend here that you were just passing or you need to go to the ATM but I ventured in anyway.
The knock on the door revealed a generously proportioned middle aged woman who promptly lead me inside. The one thing true about her ad....massive tits. Here's hoping that her massage skills and self assessment that she knows how to treat a man holds true because honestly I suspected it was already money down the gurgler. 

I stripped off in the "office" massage room and waited. When she returned she removed her top straight away and her cans cascaded down her chest and hung like massive orbs they were. I hadn't seen tits like this for a long time but decided then and there I didn't need to see the likes of them again. Pert ski slopes for me from now on. 

She started a mediocre massage that she has certificates for but it was boring at best so I initiated the flip and wanted to see her other skills in action.
It was a schoolyard tug. No empathy for the client even when I asked her slow down it was evident she just wanted it over with and could see that she needed to do more so she started on Spanish which when done right is a turn on, imagine if you will it was like she was using her tits to dry the dishes. Uninspiring and lacklustre. 

Like all good solders I got over the line but in all honesty it was a waste of a tablet (glad they have come down in price) and a waste of $100. 

WIR...not likely


