Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2013, 10:38 PM
Poster ID: X3r0XP
Post Title: 
 Calm Chi - 1/218 Broadway, Reservoir - 03 9469 5768
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne 
Establishment : Massage parlour 
Date of Visit : 07/12/13
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9469 5768 
Hours of Business : 10am-9pm
Rates : 60mins / $70 -  $30 for tug
Age : Late twenties 
Size/shape : 12 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian born Thai
Services Provided : R&T
Value for money/recommend? : No
My experience/comments : located right next to Broadway computer. 

From what I could gather, Anne was very new to the business.  She was very keen to try out various Massage and relaxation moves on me,  saying the Madamsan was teaching her. 

The Massage was ok although not memorable. 

After the flip, and with 10 mins left,  she told me there was only 10 mins left, guiding my hand to hers and asked if there was any spots that required special attention.  I guided her hand to my snag and she showed me 3 fingers, representing $30. I nodded and she went to town.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2013, 12:49 AM
Poster ID: bam123
Post Title: 
 Calm CHi Massage - Lucy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Calm Chi Massage

Date of Visit : 21/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :1/218 The Broadway Reservoir Victoria

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $70 an hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : b cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Hand Job

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I was recommended by a friend to go and visit this place as he was happy with the service. I walked in and was asked by the young asian gentleman how long I would like. I took the hour as it was just $70 and figured I would love a good rub, with a happy ending being a bonus. 

I was walked into the room and told to get ready for the girl. I got naked and proceeded to lie on the table. after 5 minutes a young girl walked in and let out a little laugh. She said 'somebody ready for good massage'. She proceeded to ask my name and a few other details which made the time together pleasant. 

All in all it was actually a good massage. She occassionally got close to rubbing my balls but nothing major. I thought this might not happy. At the 50 minute mark she asked me to turn over. She looked at me and motioned with her hand $30 for an extra. I smiled and off she went.

Overall a very good experience. I would definitely return to see Lucy.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th February 2014, 04:53 PM
Poster ID: Jtk
Post Title: 
 Emily at Calm Chi
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily


Establishment : Calm Chi Massage


Date of Visit : 15/2/2014


Contact Details/Address/Weblink :1/218 The Broadway Reservoir Victoria


Hours of Business : 10am till late


Rates : 50 - 30mins, 60 - 45 mins and 70 an hour


Age : Mid 20's


Size/shape : around size 5, good height


Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese


Services Provided : R&t


Value for money/recommend? : Yes (although a little bit over the price for similar quality around the area)


My experience/comments :


It's the weekend and this usually calls for a massage, since I'm in the mood and got nothing to do. Yesterday on the way home drove past a couple of places that i had not seen before. Before heading put i checked the forums and i saw a review here about this place and thought to give it a go (although there were mixed reviews). The plan was to get there and get a 30mins massage and see how that goes.

Place is in a second floor, and I'm greeted by a nice lady, who asks if i just called. I replied no and she asks if i wanted a massage, to which i reply 30 mins. She points at the price for 45 mins and since shes got the attitude i just told her that lets go for the hour. Collects the money and takes me to a tiny but clean room, ask me to strip and she leaves.

Some 5 mins later there's a knock on the door and here comes the masseuse. Im afraid to look up as i know its not the same girl as the reception and i did not want to get disappointed, after all I'm in it for 1 hour. She forces me to look up since she tells me shes got my change, and oh boy, I'm in love. Cute young asian face, with very short denim shorts and a top.

Shes got a nice personality, and the massage went well. Nothing out of this world but a good massage overall. There was no teasing during the massage, and conversation was kept to a minimum since she could not understand me.

On the flip she points to the soldier and very cutely raises 3 fingers. I acknowledge. Extra is ok, nothing fantastic. Only problem was that she does not like being touched,which is tremendously hard to resist with those great silky smooth legs.

All together 100 down and a new great place on the list, although its a little further than i would like.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th January 2017, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: allan78
Post Title: 
 Jessica - CC Massage,  Reservoir Vic - 9469 5768
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment : CC Massage 

Date of Visit : 19/1/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Broadway reservoir

Hours of Business : 10-9:30

Rates :$70 per hour+$30 tip 

Age : 20ish

Size/shape : slim brown hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : R&T + light touching on her

Value for money/recommend? : Yes indeed

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all  of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a  picture of time spent and experience had.)
Went to a place upstairs in Broadway Reservoir that i have spotted driving a couple of times thought I would check it out. I stayed with a girl name Jessica wasn't sure if was r&t or a professional establishment at first. Jessica was very pleasant to look at as well as very talkative she entered the room and got straight to the massage, oil, shoulders, neck, back a little rubbing on the butt and then moved down to the legs which is were it really started to heat up as she started lightly touching my sack on the way up. Her touch was perfect and i knew at this point there was going to be extras offered.

She then asked me to turn over as I did she seemed impressed and shocked with the size of my already hard cock (nothing really above average though). She then proceeded to rub my legs and asked if I wanted HJ for and extra $30 i agreed and she got down to business first starting slowly giving me time to let my hands wander. She was fine with light touching and i didn't push my luck as this was first time seeing her, to my surprise i lasted a fair while although she knew how to work it, I came squirting my junk all over her arm and my stomach. She wiped us both up like a pro and with a cute smile the whole time.

The massage itself was excellent i will definitely return to see her but I am not sure if she works there often.


