Thread Title: Cara - Forever Young Massage, Camberwell -  0410 999 007
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2017, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: Jiffy888
Post Title: 
 Cara - Forever Young Massage, Camberwell -  0410 999 007
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cara

Establishment : Forever Young Massage Camberwell

Date of Visit : 12 March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410 999 007  http://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/ID...l-massage.html

Hours of Business : 10-8pm

Rates : $70 an hour

Age : 24

Size/shape : Small, A Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Visited the massage parlor on a Sunday afternoon. Cara was working with another girl, but i like the look of Cara also she was wearing a short dress with killer heels.

$70 for the hour, the room was typical, massage table with a disposable sheet and a very poor face rest.

I got undressed and she came back in, started by sitting on top of me and rubbing my back, I touched her legs and she didn't stop me, i could feel the warmth of her pussy on my back.

She massaged to the front and stood in front of me massage my shoulders, not the best massage but sensual. I was able to touch her legs and work my way to her ass, as i tried to reach under her panties she stopped me, she had her period  

Massage continued for a bit more then she asked if i wanted extra, $50 HJ, $80 topless but I was able to convince her to do a CBJ for $130, lucky i brought along a condom. (BYO). she got undressed and has a fantastic asian body, slim small ass and a cups, didnt let me suck them though. she covered me and started sucking, was very poor at the start but slowly i was able to fuck her mouth, grabbing her ass and head at the same time. she said next time i could play with her pussy. she didnt suck for long though, had to spit out the excess saliva but i made sure she deep throated me. i could cum via BJ, so she gave me a fantastic two hand HJ. 

she was very shy at the start but i think after a few more visits she would open up, also having her period didnt help as i couldnt tell if she was waxed or full.
Would go back.


