Thread Title: Charmaine - Brunswick - 0469 889 699
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th December 2018, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: Walducko
Post Title: 
 Charmaine - Brunswick - 0469 889 699
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charmaine

Establishment : Thai Massage Place, Victoria Street, Brunswick

Date of Visit : 4th December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...SSIE-GIRL.html

Phone : 0469 889 699

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : $80 for the hour, plus $100 for nude with HJ extras, so $180 all up for hour

Age : mid/late 30's

Size/shape : Fit, Toned, B/C sized boobs, nice figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude Massage with Body Slides and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for Fit Aussie Girl

My experience/comments : Went to my usual Brunswick haunt. Had pre-booked to see Charmaine whom I hadn't seen before. In I went upstairs to the room. Got undressed and waited. In came Charmaine - brunette girl, toned/fit with nice friendly personality and smallish but OK B/C sized boobs. She asked whether I had been there before and said "yes so if I can have my usual nude rub with HJ" and gave her an extra $100 (in addition to the $80 I paid at main desk downstairs).

She nuded up and with my lying on table upwards started to play with my cock pretty much straight away. I quickly rose to a very hard attention and she commented it was nice and that it didn't take much to get me excited... so she played and fondled my balls and cock whilst I played with her tits and occasionally gave her pussy a light brushing... she said its ok to touch but no fingers inside and I said that's fine.... I was getting all worked up so I told her I'd turn faced down before I got too excited. So turned faced down, and she gave me nice all over touches on the back and below with occasional light tit rubs against my back... She started playing with my cock and balls from behind and I started to get a throbbing sensation. It was becoming too much so I quickly turned over and told her to finish me off... she jerked me off for another few minutes, initially a slow pace but increasing her rythm, and eventually I blew with most of it landing on her hands with some dripping onto my stomach. Her comment was "my my, it must be nice to get that huge load out". I just smiled.

All in all, great session with friendly personable girl. She knew what I needed and delivered successfully with no mucking around or playing games. Highly recommended.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th December 2018, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like a great time. I work around the corner and always want to go here but it just seems so expensive when you can get FS for $100.

Did she do any pussy rubbing on your cock when doing a body slide?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th December 2018, 09:42 AM
Poster ID: Walducko
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No pussy rubbing. Mainly tits over back.


