Thread Title: Cheva Gold Thai Massage - 286 High st Preston - 9478 1102
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st April 2019, 06:07 PM
Poster ID: ritual
Post Title: 
 Cheva Gold Thai Massage - 286 High st Preston - 9478 1102
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lee

Establishment : Cheva Gold/ was Alana Thai.

Date of Visit : 15/03/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 286 High st Preston

Phone :94781102

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : 1hr $65 plus $30

Age : 35

Size/shape : chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Made a booking at this Thai massage place, wanting a nice Thai massage.
Got there at 8pm paid the girl in reception for 1 hr.
Receptionest was skinny and not bad looking, I asked her if she was doing the massage, no, was her reply she was booked with someone else at 8:30.
This place looked legit, it is nice, clean and a great ambiance.
Anyway, I was taken to the 2nd room and told to strip and get comfortable, after about 5 min, in comes Lee, she was short and chubby... but, cute.
She asks me my name and I her, and she begins.
The massage was great, she did all the Thai massage stretches and a nice oiled massage after.
As this place looked legit I was a little reluctant about how it would end.. blue balls or not.
After she massaged and stretched me, she asked that I turn over.
She then started to massage my legs and got to brushing my balls under the towel.
This got me aroused and she smiled and winked, I said maybe he wants a massage too... wink wink.
She said that it would be an extra $30. Ok I said.
She oil me up and started a slow not rushed hj, I grabbed her on her ass and she didn't mind, so put my hand under her leggings and felt her that way, she didn't let me explore any further but also let me feel her bit tis under her top, not sure if I could get any more with a repeat visit.
The over all experience was great, I would love to know if anybody has had a massage with the skinny Thai girl, sorry don't know her name but there are 3 girls that work.
Has anybody explored further with Lee?
I would definitely got back.
nice service, clean place and genuine Thai girls.


