Thread Title: Cindy - Camberwell Vic 0424044774
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2019, 09:36 PM
Poster ID: 6uldv8
Post Title: 
 Cindy - Camberwell Vic 0424044774
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Sakura Massage

Date of Visit : 28/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm 7 days

Rates : $100 45 min $80 30 min

Age : 45

Size/shape  slim: 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided Massage/hand relief 

Value for money/recommend? : No/No

My experience/comments :  


 Went here to experience a bubble massage. 

  Was told Rebecca no longer works here. Unfortunate, because I read good  reviews of her on another site but was told I could book Cindy for  bubble massage. 

  The address they gave over the phone is 273 Riversdale Road but comes up  as 276 Riversdale Road under google search. 273 is the correct address. 

  When I arrive they had both Cindy and Elle there. Both were quite plain  but I decided to go with Cindy, since I had been told over the phone she  would do bubble massage and that, "Even though Rebecca has left, Cindy  is actually the same as Rebecca". Yeah, right. 

  Was led into room with wet tiled floor (had to be careful to avoid  slipping) and took off my clothes and lay down on the massage table as  directed. 

  Cindy gave me a firm but non-erotic massage that lasted a long time. No  brushing of body against me or anything like that. I asked about her  English skills and she said, "Little bit". I asked when the bubble  massage was going to start. 

  "Bubble. What is bubble?" 

  Cindy then left to speak with Mamasan. When she came back she spread  some soap over me and squeezed some bubbles over me from a sponge. So,  I'm not sure if I actually received a proper bubble massage. I suspect  not. It certainly didn't do anything for me. 

  She gave me a nice handjob. Gentle building up to an orgasm that was  stronger and longer lasting than what I could normally give myself.  At  least I got something out of it. 

  To finish, she sprayed hot water over me from the portable shower head. It was a bit too hot. 

  Perhaps Elle can do proper bubble massage. Perhaps not.


