Thread Title: Clouds Waxing and Massage - Clayton - 0481 366 868
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th August 2018, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 Clouds Waxing and Massage - Clayton - 0481 366 868
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : Clouds

Date of Visit : Few weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 38 Scotsburn Ave, Clayton

Phone : 0481 366 868

Hours of Business : 10:30am - 8pm

Rates : ~$50-/30min, $70-/60min (+ extras)

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese 

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 

Wrote this review a few weeks ago but forgot to post it. But I believe Kelly still works at this joint.

Boss man fucked off to Perth a day or two ago for a short 'business trip' with his secretary, Miss Pretty. Don't you worry, the old cunt will be playing with her flaps the minute they board the plane. Business class, fully-flat beds, I don't think they're gonna need any complimentary in-flight entertainment. Her honey-hole will be so red raw when they get back she'll be walking like a cowboy with arthritis; she'll have to spin the old story about going horse-riding.


The thought of his warty, wrinkled old kransky stuffing her soggy hot-box is enough to make me puke - especially when I'm the one who should be drilling her - so yesterday I took the day off with a view to doing some beaver hunting of my own. As it turned out I didn't trap too much beaver but I definitely got my frankfurter well and truly wanked.


Anyhows, with Fearless Leader away, the office is a bit of a danger-zone at present. The fat toady cunt is spending all his spare time sleezing around me (normally he licks the boss's arse). There's no fuckin' way in the world I want to spend another lunchtime with that bloody chucklehead, listening to the dickwad raving about his favourite TV show (Bachelor in Paradise), making thinly-veiled, erotic references to Miss Pretty and spraying bits of curried egg sandwich all over me.


Unfortunately there's one big problemo. I rang in sick forgetting that I'd booked the pimp-mobile in for a service. Big miscalculation. So now I've got to use 'pubic' transport if I wanna get my rocks off. This severely limits my options. Doesn't matter.


Anyhow, I'd visited a tug joint late last year and, as I was leaving, spied a luscious little Thai honey I thought I'd like to sample sometime. So, acting on that impulse, I made my move. Too bad I haven't got my own private fuckin' Learjet to get there.


On the train and I'm surrounded by a group of delicious Asian students (believe me, much more delicious than Juicy Lucy Turnbull) heading off somewhere. They're all tittering together like little birds, playing with their phones and gossiping. The one next to me is idly looking out the window. I can see her taunt thigh muscle through the rip in her jeans; my cock wants to look too. I'm trying to work out where they are all going at this hour and then it dawns on me! - fuck, they must all work at the flop-shop I'm heading to. Hallelujah!! Next stop they all get out, jump on a bus and fuck off.


Anyhows, my stop finally arrives. This side of the city seems pretty dead during the day. I guess all the big boys are either out at work, visiting brothels or getting pissed down the pub. I pass a few old MILFS heading down the shops to get new batteries for their motorized dildos, a building site where a couple of tradies are laying pipe (literally) and, down another street, a pair of 30-something chicks saying goodbye out front of a house. They've probably just had a lesbian session. One looks a bit flushed in the face and the other has got a bit of stubble rash round her mouth.


Anyhows, there's bit of a walk ahead of me so I crank up the mobile, plug in, and The Who roar out of the earphones:


"But you know nowadays
It's the old man
Who's got all the money
And a young man
Ain't got nothin' in the world these days
Ain't got nothin'
Just got sweeeeeeet fuck all!"


When I arrive I can't believe it. I'm early. The cunts aren't even open yet. If I'd driven I'd still be backed up in traffic somewhere, swearing at the stupid a-hole in front of me, and fiddling with my cock. This certainly says something for Metro trains ('Fucking you around ... Melbourne').


Anyhows, 10.30am and I finally get inside. Kelly arrives and asks me to wait in the room while she does a few things. Fuck me, I have to wait about half a fuckin' hour! I'm wondering what in the fuck she's doing? Licking the receptionist? Washing her minge? Stuffing her cooter with tampons, cotton wool and shredded newspaper just in case I try to penetrate her?


Cooped up here I start feeling a bit like the "Cooler King" (Steve McQueen's fucked-up character in "The Great Escape"). I'm developing mental health problems ... claustrophobia, anxiety, panic, paranoia, disorientation and cunt-struck-itis. I'm listening for any noise that might clue me up as to what's happening in the world beyond my room. I hear water running ... fuck me, why in the fuck is she watering the garden? Next, a loud, electronic whine which goes on for fuckin' ages ... jeezuz, she's vacuuming the fuckin' carpet.


She finally returns with a quiet knock at the door. She's had a shower and blow-dried her hair. 


As she enters I turn on the charm offensive:


I'm like: "Wow, you look very nice today (drool, drool)".


She's like: "Oh, thank you (blush, blush)".


Kelly is a young 20-something, cute (in a slightly nerdy way), polite and softly-spoken. She's not match-stick slim but no way is she fat. Hair just below the shoulders, not really any tits to speak of. She reminds me of my first girlfriend at high school, shy, inexperienced but eager to please - and a very fast learner! I prefer this quiet type of chick to those loud, flashy big-talkers you often meet in these joints, who promise a lot but deliver so little. She's wearing this kinda Thai-style, one-piece outfit which makes it about half-way down her thighs.


Anyhow, she starts a completely unschooled but pleasant massage while I quiz her about all sorts of shit. She's from Vietnam (what the? ... but this is a Thai 'knock-shop', honey!) and she's likes cooking ("Italian?", "No (smiles), Vietnamese!"). When she gets down to my arse she massages my scruttocks and inner thighs and comes within nano-metres of my nuts and date - but doesn't go all the way - like her Mum showed her. Strangely, probably because I didn't expect even this low-level of stimulation from Miss Demure 2018, I found this very titillating.


On the flip, my beef jerky is as hard as, pointing skywards pretty much like the Eiffel Tower. Nonchalantly, like the cool little spank-monkey she is, she massages around the elephant in the room until, just as I decide I can't wait too much longer, she quietly asks if I'd like her to walk-the-dog. Affirmative. Does Barbie have a plastic clam?


She oils me up and starts exploring my bazooka, running her fingers down around my sac and my chotis. Miss Demure has suddenly become bold and shameless. She becomes a little more aggressive, doing the two-handed tango. My schwang-stucker is straining at the bit; the veins are clearly visible, purple and bulging, and that was just my balls. 


By this stage I've got my hand up under her skirt, cupping one of her arse cheeks. She doesn't bat an eyelid so I figure I might delve a little further. I work my hand up under her panties so my finger is nestled in right at the top of her thigh, resting against her freshly-scrubbed labia majora (or, to use the correct scientific, anatomical term, her 'meat flaps'). Once again, no reaction. She's still her sweet, smiley self and continues with the old slippery dip. I decide against going the stink-finger on this occasion. I have a hunch this project will be best handled by easing myself in slowly over the next few weeks. I remember asking her if she'd take her dress off but she politely declines. No worries, let's see what happens next time, honey pie.


She maintains a firm, determined but not a jackhammer tug and I feel myself getting close. I've held out as long as I can and my pleasure piston spills a bucket of goo over her hands and a few splashes on her uniform. She keeps a firm grip on Spurt Reynolds and milks every last drop ... I was so sensitive my face must have looked like I'd just sucked a lemon milkshake. But I'm happy, she's happy, and life's good.


This joint is clean and, bingo, they also offer a shower. She was was in here a little earlier so, as I'm hosing down Dr. Feelgood, I'm wondering if all the moisture in here is water or her Micky Juice.


Anyhow's, all done and I'm at the front door. She plies me with water and I promise to be back soon.


It's a bit of a trek back to the station (in fact, it's a bit like Mao's 'Long March', except that the km's I'm doing are bona fide), so I plug in and boot up The Who:


"She goes in and out, 
and in and out,
And in and out. 
Mama's got a squeeze box,
Daddy never sleeps at night."


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th September 2018, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyhows, how much were the extra's?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th October 2018, 12:48 PM
Poster ID: Blowjob69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review Salsa u had me in stitches with ur quirky comments sounds like i should get my arse up there & give her a try cheers bud


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th February 2019, 09:36 AM
Poster ID: Han Solo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pia or Mia

Establishment : Clouds

Date of Visit : Early Jan 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 38 Scotsburn Ave, Clayton

Phone : 0481 366 868

Hours of Business : 10:30am - 8pm

Rates : Waxing $60 + $30

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Waxing + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Totally

My experience/comments : 

Been getting the good ol' Back, crack and sack cleaned up for a while now. So I thought I'd try Clouds waxing services as the price was better than most out there these days.
Booked in (best to do so if you want waxing as not all girls wax so I was told), was a real pretty Viet girl waiting for me on my arrival.
Got shown to the room, discussed what I was having done and she leaves for me to get sorted.
Strip from waist down and get on table.
She returns and looks over the area to wax, and then gets into it. Applying a spray to clean down the area, then some powder and then the waxing begins.
She is very thorough in getting every hair.
All the while she is doing this, I am checking out what looks like a pretty nice rig wrapped in a super tight dress, and this is helping me maintain a semi.
Waxing complete, and she is doing the clean up. This is where she virtually empties a bottle of baby oil on my freshly waxed junk to help remove stray bits of wax, sliding her fingers all over the shaft and balls. As this style of clean up has had me get a raging hard-on she ask if I would like a HJ. When I agree she says $30 and who am I to refuse. While she gets the job done, I ask if I can cop a feel but am quickly shut down, so it's a look but no touching scenario for this little lady (shame because those boobs look extremely grope worthy...... decent C cup) 
So this was a pretty pleasant experience, I will have to return for the massage.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th February 2019, 01:57 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have had 3 or 4 wax'ntug sessions at this shop and that all sounds par for the course. Tug is available as a simple extra on waxing. (Much better than some other shops where they insist you "pay for the additional time" - let's say $30 for 15 mins massage plys $30 for the tug. I find that I am ready to roll by the time ny waxing lady does her "thorough creamy clean-up", so proceeding straight to a tug suits me fine.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th February 2019, 03:16 PM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeh, I've had a few sessions at Clouds. But now it's Storm-Clouds for me. My 'goto' massage professional here was Sara. She'd manscape my crack and sack and then give me a floppy-jordon. I really liked her. Good-looking, great rack, intelligent and polite. Too bad, last time I rocked up she wouldn't see me. Reading between the lines she's either taken on a higher profile position (Manageress of Clouds Knobjob Inc.) or she's finally called time on me for trying to flick her button.

If anyone has any luck with her let's know and I'll give it another crack.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th June 2019, 09:39 PM
Poster ID: aussieco
Post Title: 
 Cloud's Massage and Waxing Clayton
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shirley

Establishment : Cloud's Massage and Waxing Clayton

Date of Visit : 5th June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.facebook.com/cloudsspawax/ 

Phone :0481366868

Hours of Business : 10 - 8

Rates : $45 for wax and $50 massage $30 HJ

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : BIG 16

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : wax and massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments : Read a review that this place does a wax and maybe a handy which is something I would like to try.

I sent a text and they were waiting for me when I got there. A young slim girl on reception asks how long for the massage and I asked about a wax.
She had no idea how much it would be so said come with me and showed me to a room down the back very brightly lit with a fairly large girl in there. I think was shirley.
She asked what I wanted and I explained a bit of a manzillion and then she asked me to drop my dacks and show her. 
The other slim girl was hovering around the door so felt a little weird. maybe she just wanted a laugh ?  I showed her what I wanted done and she said $45. The slim girl seemed to be hanging around to collect the money because that was her job.  I was then asked to strip from the waste down and get up on the table. She gave a bit of a trim first and seemed to take a lot of interest in what was at hand. She applied some wax which was extremely hot and thick and sticky. I've  had wax before but seemed a lot less "Heavy Duty" than this batch. she waited a fair amount of time for it to stick and it was even sticking to her rubber glove. I thought Holy shit she's going to rip my dick off the way she is going !!!  
Sure enough RRRIIIIIPPPP and holy fuck that hurt. then apply some more and Fuck I'm seeing stars. 
She said 2 more and we are done, with tears in my eyes I bit down on the leather strap in my mouth..... no that was a cowboy movie when they dug a bullet out. 

This was much worse. 

2 more rips and a bit of clean up and we were done. 

She gave a fair bit of handling of the old fella but after that pain, it became a Softon (far from hard) . I think it cracked the shits after that drama and went on strike.
Either that or the fact that big fat chicks don't really do it for me.

So after the cleanup she said to move to the massage room. I thought great, I'll now get the slim hot reception chick so stripped and lay on the table. No. I was wrong.
In comes the same fat chick. Anyway I thought lets see how it rolls. she applies lots of oil and long strokes but in no way was I getting aroused at all it was just rubbing oil in all over the place. Oil is hard to get off no matter what you use. Maybe I should have got some of that wax. Turn over and the strokes are getting bigger with big brushes of the old fellow and he was damn determined not to play his part. finally she started to get a reaction and she says "Hello he is waking up". She asked if I wanted the extra and we haggled for $30 for a handy. she was really pushing for $50 for her to get her gear of but I was going to give her $50 to keep them on. I was standing firm at $30 and she pulled one of her tits out for to play with.   The Handy was actually pretty good and went for a long time with long slow strokes until she got me over the line. 
She did a shit cleanup and I felt like I'd gone ass up in a bucket oil. She asked for the final installment of $50. What ??? she said you touched me. I said I am happy at $30 lets stay on good terms. she accepted the $30 but I will not be back in a hurry. The slim girl on reception seemed to only do the meet and greet and take your money before you change your mind.


