Thread Title: Columbian Kim - South East Suburbs - lost Contact
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th June 2019, 12:29 AM
Poster ID: chuck321
Post Title: 
 Columbian Kim - South East Suburbs - lost Contact
				
Post Content: 
hey guys, been searching for this stunner for 6 months and yet to find her, seen her in Elsternwick and Glen Huntly. She generally becomes too popular and moves around, cant find her but might have changed name, im fairly sure she still operates as i heard she took clients.


Person's Name : Kim

Establishment : Various

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : TBC

Hours of Business : 12pm -8pm

Rates : $50 Massage $100 for nude HJ

Age : Late 20s or early 30s

Size/shape : Slim Bod but curvy in the right places

Nationality or Ethnicity : Columbian

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This girl is a stunner, she has beautiful tanned skin has a slight accent and long black hair, usually really well kept and has a pony tail, generally dresses fairly sporty/active wear. Hoping someone here can fill the gaps and help me find her again. she works other shops and clients tend to follow her.

Last massage started with her stripping down before we started and she left her black g string on, she oiled up my back ane started at my head so i could have a feel, she gives a great back massage with plenty of teasing and generally goes to finger tils/light nails before you flip over as it starts to get you tingling, conversation was pretty good too. i flipped over and she tapped my cock as if to ask if I was ready and i started to touch her body, and she went to work, her body was fantastic and i could feel her getting wet between my fingers, i sat on the edge and she put my cock betweek her legs and started shaking her ass and jacking me with her thighs as soon as i was ready to pop she moved forward and i came on her ass. it was like a full service event without any penetration.

Hopefully someone knows where she is or can point me in her direction.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: tbone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't  sorry. But indefinitely would like it


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Me too! Very selfish to only write a review after you loose her though.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 06:04 PM
Poster ID: chuck321
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I only found this website in my searches.


