Thread Title: Contours Therapeutic Massage - 235a Whitehorse Road, Balwyn, Victoria - 03 9817 5811
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2017, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: Han Solo
Post Title: 
 Contours Therapeutic Massage - 235a Whitehorse Road, Balwyn, Victoria - 03 9817 5811
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Contours Therapeutic Massage

Date of Visit : 30th Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contours Therapeutic Massage Centre :: Relaxation Full Body Massage :: Thai :: Relaxation :: Deep Tissue :: Remedial :: Stress Management :: Massage  235a Whitehorse Road, Balwyn, Victoria  Ph: 03 9817 5811 

Hours of Business :7 days 10:30am - 10:00pm  

Rates : As per website $80 an hour (but you can wheel and deal with the old bloke)

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Large (but wouldn't say fat)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai (not 100% sure on that)

Services Provided : Massage HR

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Last time I'd been here over was over 12 months ago, saw either Irene or Wendy (can't remember which it was) but met a stunning young lady as I was leaving. Never got a chance to get back to her.
So.... found that Contours were doing a Groupon special, $55 for 30 min sauna + 1hr massage. Bargin, so i got one. 
Old guy (owner/manager) was a bit peeved that I bought a voucher since I had been there before. Said it was to attract new clients..whatevs. So he made a deal that he would do a discount if I booked directly and paid cash 
Anyways, lead to room. Had my sauna. Jump on bed and wait for Sophie (not met her yet btw). She comes in says a quick hello, and asks the usual questions. I don't bothe to lift my head as all previous staff have been pretty attractive.
GREAT 1st half of massage, nice firm mack and leg massage, some teasing, but she never got up on table like all the others have in the past.
Time to flip..... now I know why she didn't get up. The two of us on the table could have brought the sucker crashing to the floor. Now, she is not grossly huge, but she is a big solid lass (massave rack), not ugly but far from stunning. Front side massage was decent (towel on - just). the leg strokes from toes to groin were great, she went deep under the sack and up over the hips. I slide the towel up to expose the head. She knows whats going on, the next upward stroke incorporates the old fella, feels great. and we are off. Decent HJ follows. I never asked for her to get her tits out. Big droopy boobs are not really my thing so I let that one go through to the keeper. We finish and I get the hot water wipe down (I usually have a shower, but it wasn't offered today) Get dressed and hand over a tip ($30)
Wanted to have a chat to the owner before I left, but he had this loud dickhead in the doorway so I just nodded and left.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th January 2017, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: Han Solo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny (I think that is what she said-She spoke sooooo softly)

Establishment : Contours Therapeutic Massage

Date of Visit : 6th Jan 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contours Therapeutic Massage Centre :: Contours Therapeutic Massage Centre :: Relaxation Full Body Massage :: Thai :: Relaxation :: Deep Tissue :: Remedial :: Stress Management :: Massage  235a Whitehorse Road,  Balwyn, Victoria  Ph: 03 9817 5811 

Hours of Business :7 days 10:30am - 10:00pm

Rates : As per website $55hr (pre arranged deal) otherwise if you are joe off the street it's $80

Age : early 20's say 24 (at a guess)

Size/shape : average, but everything was in proportion

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : Massage HR

Value for money/recommend? : massage yes, (the rest I actually feel sick)

My experience/comments :
Well after a good time the previous week, I took the oppotunity to head back to Contours for another $55 massage.
Made a booking over the phone, but when I arrived old guy wasn't there and the daughter was floating around recption. she asked if I had a booking, and I said I did. With sophie? I was like no, didn't book her was wanting to see someone else. Off she goes to get help, out comes this thing looking like she had just had a hit. Real scabby looking Thai girl. "yeah, you book with Sophie! Yeah $80 dolla!"......... Um no......My booking is $55, I'll just wait for old dude!
He finally arrives, I remind him who I am, and ask to see another girl other than Sophie. Gives me a look... Ok, I get you set up and send in another girl.
Of we go... Sauna, then I get on bed. Jenny comes in, I could hardly hear her over the music when she introdued herself. I look up this time, and see an average looking girl. Massage starts, it's decent enough. does an okay job of getting into some sore spots. Plenty of crack and sack tickle, then I flip.
Front side massage was going well, lots of attention everywhere. I get asked if I want a HJ, I say sure, can you do it nude? Ummm..... only top off, I have period! Hmmm..OK
Top comes off, nice large B cups. They feel firm. I'm thinking boob job. Massage continues, and as I am massaging her tits, her nipples really shrink (as if she has gotten really aroused) and she starts to deepen her breath.
NOW.... this is where things get ordinary!
I lay back down to relax and climax, and as I do I see something that's not quite right. I do believe that is an erection in her pants! WTF... I am getting a HJ from a LadyBoy. I instantly go soft, Say I am done..... I'm not one to make a sceen, so I appologise and make up some BS. I go shower, spend the whole shower thinking do I make an issue out of being deceived, or just let it go and remember for next time (if I choose there is going to be a next time).
I choose to keep to myself and not make an issue, but if I ever do go back I will drop a hint that I would like a FEMALE to do the massage.
Now some of you guys might be into this sort of thing.... But it's not for me.
Enjoy the read, and hopefully not to many get a laugh at my expense. These RnT's are becoming a gamble!


