Thread Title: Double Massage - Herbal Massage Center -  Camberwell   - 0398895633
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2018, 10:30 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: 
 Double Massage - Herbal Massage Center -  Camberwell   - 0398895633
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Double massage. Booked 2 girls, don't know their names.  See details below

Establishment : Herbal Massage Camberwell

Date of Visit : 20th February 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????New promotion ??10am-10pm massage??? - Melbourne therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au 

Hours of Business : 10 am - 10 pm

Rates : $70 per hour ($120 for 1 hour with 2 girls massage)

Age : 19 and 25

Size/shape : Slim, Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan, Chineese 

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, BBBJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes IF you can afford to throw money around

My experience/comments : 

I always had the fantasy of being massaged by 2 girls at once and today I ticked one off my bucket list.


I booked in advance because when I called them and asked if I can walk in and if 2 girls would be available for a double massage they said that I can't unless I make a booking with 2 hours in advance, so I did. 

So i arrived, I got charged $126 as I paid by card which attracted a 5% surcharge (so $6 extra) which I thought was bullshit but whatever.

I undressed, laid down and waited few minutes. 2 stunning girls arrived, one introduced herself as the girl from Taiwan (Half Indian, Half Taiwan) and she said that she only works on Tuesdays . She is a student studying in a uni in the CBD. The other girl is Chinese and she wasn't as attractive and was less talkative than the Taiwan girl.

No draping . Massage started off fairly well with both the girls working their hands on me, one focused on my legs while the other focused on my shoulders and back. Small talk here and there about where I work, what I do and both girls were commenting and saying how "young" I am.  I'm in my mid 20s and I have a bit of a baby face, to which they were having fun at by poking my cheeks and saying "Oh how cute! what a baby!" . It annoyed me a little but hey these girls were friendly and not completely braindead like some massage girls out there.

35 mins on and they used hot towels to get rid of the oil on my back, asked me to flip and they flirted a bit more with me while touching my sack and commenting how "cute" my cock is, these girls said they have small vaginas and actually prefer average penises for sex in their personal lives, Taiwan girl kept going on how big cocks hurt her in the past.  

We negotiated on the extras which was $70 extra for one girl being nude and giving me a BBBJ, and $50 extra for the other girl for being nude and giving me a HJ. I was more attracted towards the Taiwan girl as she was the one who was giving me the HJ, other girl wasn't as attractive and she had poor BJ skills. The most entertaining part for me of this session was when the two girls started comparing their tit sizes with each other , touching each others tits and started spanking each other's asses saying how their ass is bigger and whatnot. It was quite funny at times how they got into a fight about their tits (They were speaking in Chineese which is what made it hilarious for me as I didn't understand what they were fighting about!)

The girl who gave me the BJ couldn't get me off after 10 mins or so with sloppy sucking so I asked the Taiwan girl to finish me off so she started jerking me off and I came instantly. Finished with 5 minutes left on my session but I didn't really care about that. As I got up to dress both girls started slapping my butt and saying how its nice. It all felt like we were a bunch of good old fuckbuddies who were all naked and having fun with each others bodies

Overall, the experience was very very expensive and I will never do this again but hey, it's something I always wanted to try and I'm happy that I got it over with. My expenses from this experience were a total of $246.

I would recommend going for the 30 minute double option which is only $80, for $80 you can have a 4 hands massage and with the extras you can stay probably stay under $200.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th February 2018, 07:50 AM
Poster ID: 6uldv8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your great review. I read online that they only accept bookings, not walk-ins. Do you know if all the masseurs there are stunners or were you just lucky?


