Thread Title: Epping Massage - 61 Coulstock St Epping
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th December 2019, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: 
 Epping Massage - 61 Coulstock St Epping
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ana

Establishment : Epping Massage (Just says massage on the building)

Date of Visit : Nov 23rd 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 61 Coulstock St, Epping

Phone : N/A

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $50 30min $50 Nude body rub/Tug

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Good shape. Small pot but not much

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Massage/Tug/Nude body rub

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Having just finished work around the corner and the body feeling sore, though i would give this place ago as i have been meaning to for a while.
Walk in and am told to wait 5 mins as the girls were busy. No problem.
After a few mins Ana comes to collect me and takes me into the first room and advises me to get undressed and she will be back. Paid $50 for 30min massage.
As i start to undress they have a sign on the wall saying non-sexual service and if we ask for it we will be fined $500 and asked to leave.
Yeah right, Good luck with getting $500 off someone.
Anyways i see the suttle hints that more is on offer like the box of tissues so decide to lay on the table completely nude.
Ana walks in and gives an ok massage. Nothing to cry home about.
But she does do alot of teasing and grabbing the balls and old fella which i love.
She asks me to turn over and asks if i want extra.
I say of course and she goes $50, Im like nah to much and she points to her top and says me take off?
Ok, now we have a deal, She then proceeds to take everything off when i though she meant just her top. Added bonus.
She jumps on top of me and starts rubbing her body on me, I take her titts in my mouth and give them a good play.
She starts to jerk me and for some reason today i barely lasted a min and blew everywhere.
She laughed and as she was sitting between my legs she simulated jumping up and down as if she was riding me. (Didn't ask if FS is on offer but i will next time)

After the clean up she gave another quick massage and wouldn't stop talking about me going to china to find a wife and how they make the best wifes lol.
Good time all up.


