Thread Title: Golden Sea Spa - 1 Murray Place Ringwood, Vic - 03 8806 2648
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th May 2013, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: bg3
Post Title: 
 Golden Sea Spa - 1 Murray Place Ringwood, Vic - 03 8806 2648
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Kate & ?

 Establishment :  Ringwood Oil Massage (I think)

 Date of Visit :  Early May 2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  1 Murray Place, Ringwood,Vic 3134 8806 2648

 Hours of Business :  9 to 9 / 7 days.

 Rates :  45 mins $100 four hands

 Age :  Early 30's & early 40's.

 Size/shape :  5'6" ish, slim 

 Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

 Services Provided : Massage, HJ

 Value for money/recommend? :  Maybe/ Not really

 My experience/comments : Found this place on Locanto and has only just opened it seems. So I thought I would give it a try. Got there about 6pm and plenty of average looking girls floating around. The eldest one (40's) suggested the 4 hand massage and I thought why not, give it a go. Parted with the cash and lead to the last room on the left which was rather small. She left me to get ready and one girl returned a few minutes later. She introduced herself as Kate and asked the usual questions, soft/hard, oil/powder, etc. I asked for light because I didn't know what to expect from 4 hands. The other girl soon arrived and it turned out to be the older lady. There was a lot of talking done in chinese and given the laughs I suspect they were telling each other jokes. The massage turned out to be pretty much a waste as massages go because their hands seem to waft very lightly over my body from head to toe. However, their hands started taking a short cut via the crack and it felt quite good. It was still light touches but know where seemed to be off limits. The old fella came in for a bit of attention and then stood to attention. On the flip, more of the same with deliberate accidental brushes and despite the signage to the contrary an HJ was offered and accepted for an extra $40. Kate did the deed will the older one played with my chest and nipples. They cleaned up with towels and a bit of giggling and I was on may way. Whilst it was enjoyable, I think better value could be had else where.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st July 2013, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: NosferatuDave
Post Title: 
 Ringwood Oil Massage - 1 Murray Pl, Ringwood - 03 8806 2648
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cat

Establishment : Ringwood Oil Massage

Date of Visit : 6/06/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ringwood Oil Massage - 1 Murray Pl, Ringwood - 03 8806 2648
Hours of Business :

Rates : 60mins / 70

Age : 40..ish

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai?

Services Provided : BBBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Kinda, maybe...

My experience/comments : 

Happened to be out in Ringwood and needed a massage when I stumbled upon 1 Murray Place.
Headed in and sorted out a 30 minute tuned up.
Cat is an older lady, maybe 40-45, not much to look at, so I thought I was in for a basic massage, which was fine as that's what I needed (but extra's are always nice).
Her massage was good, she found some sore spots and half worked them out, which is better than most AMP's will do.
When each leg stroke ended up rubbing my balls my expectations went up a little (remembering she wasn't much of a looker).
On the flip she asked if I wanted a HJ and I suggested a BJ would be nice.  We agreed for $50 extra she'd give me a BJ.
The BBBJ wasn't great, to the point where I was deflating and had to rub a little stiffness back into the old fella.
In the end we resorted back to a basic HJ to get the job done.

This was my first BBBJ at a AMP and unfortunately it was a bit of a let down, but at least I walked out a little happier.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th May 2018, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: PortPunter2013
Post Title: 
 Golden Sea Spa - Murray Place, Ringwood
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CiCi

Establishment : Golden Sea Spa - Murray Place, Ringwood

Date of Visit : 10/05/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10 - 8

Rates : $45 for 30 mins

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : depends on the day 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have visited here a few times so it's time to write a review.  Each day is a different girl.  Don't go on a Tuesday unless you like them a little "chunky".  CiCi (spelling?) was notable for a good massage.  She spent a solid 20 mins getting deep into the muscles before the tell tale signs of brushing the tackle.

Before the flip she grabbed a hot towel and wiped the oil off my back - a nice touch.

$50 for extra including light touching of her (under shirt, over the pants).

Nice technique using 2 hands until I finished.

Another hot towel to clean up and I was on my way.

The place is local to me so I will be back.  As Forrest Gump said "massage joints are like a box of chocolates"


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th June 2018, 12:31 PM
Poster ID: Hancock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Milan

Establishment : Golden Spa Ringwood

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $65 hour, $55 45min

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : ok looking, tall, decent size breasts but yet to see them.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : gentle massage

Value for money/recommend? : no / no

My experience/comments : quite friendly girl, fairly ordinary massage. Sometimes chatty. Rooms not the cleanest. Always ask for a fresh towel. Mamasan friendly but prefers not to stay past closing time.
Tries to massage firm on shoulders but hits bone too often. Does the occasional tickle on the bum, but hasn't offered anything extra yet. Doesnt even get me to flip. Half hearted clean up leaves me still feeling oily. 
Have been once before but nothing has improved. Milan works Tues and Fri. Will have to try different days cos the place is convenient for me after work.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th June 2018, 10:30 PM
Poster ID: figid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Golden Sea Spa

Date of Visit : May 25th, 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1 Murray Pl, Ringwood, vic 03 8806 2648

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $45/30mins + $30 extra

Age : about 50

Size/shape : 16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage, Hj, anal play

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. If it's your thing.

My experience/comments : Asked for soft massage and Lucy obliged, very nice feathery strokes.  After some teasing over the butt, she gradually realised I was not complaining after some gentle probing so she got serious put some lube on her finger/s and went in.  With a lot of talk she was getting right into it.  Reaching around for a while with her other hand, I eventually turned over and then she we just went at it hard with one hand jackhammering me saying "I fuck you! I fuck you!" while jacking me off with the other one. It was intense, awesome, but scary too ha ha. There's very few MLs who provide this sort of service so she does a good job if that's your thing, a bit too frenetic for my liking but I  wasnt filing any official complaints either!

I have been to this place occasionally over the years and honestly Lucy is the only one I'd recommend, every other one I've had has been pretty mediocre.


