Thread Title: Harmony relaxtion massage - Hampton VIC - 03 95335491
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th December 2017, 01:14 PM
Poster ID: Chichi Big Dog
Post Title: 
 Harmony relaxtion massage - Hampton VIC - 03 95335491
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sally

Establishment : harmony Relaxtion Massage

Date of Visit : 15/12/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/498 hampton st Hampton. 95335491

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $50/30mins
Age : 35

Size/shape : slim. curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :  Hi guys. after a long illness i am glad to say that i have started to punt again and boy have i missed it.  Ok i have been talking to sally on wechat and we were finally able to catch up in Hampton. She works in a number of different locations and on fridays she works at Hampton. Very busy strip and parking was difficult so i parked up the road and walked to the massage shop.

I ring the bell and surprise surprise Sally opens the door and i recognised her from her photos on wechat. I explained who i was and showed her our conversations from wechat and that was it. Into a rather large room and straight away i grabbed her arse and drew her closer to me whilst grinding my body against hers. I was hard as and she knew and felt it.She asks what was i after and i said nude massage which she quoted $50/half hour. Off with the clothes and i wait for her to return. Sally saw that i had a hard on and was very affectionate and said she would look after me. She removed her clothes to reveal an ok body, boobs were saggy once out of her push up bra but still ok.

By this stage i was so horny, i asked if she did bbbj and yes she did for another $50. Im on the table and she explained she would take her time but not to blow in her mouth. I assured her i would not. So  she starts this slow licking around the knob and after a few minutes i gently guided her mouth down to start. It was a slow bbbj and she really knows what she is doing. I blew in her mouth and she immediately stopped and spat out the cum into a tissue and that i was very naughty. I apologised profusely and said sorry. All good. Sally cleaned me up and got dressed . She did tell me that she works in vermont on mondays but could give the address because her English is not great. Paid my dues and left.

WIR.  yes.


