Thread Title: Health spa massage - Mount Waverley - 0401 333 659
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th February 2020, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: kewlpewl
Post Title: 
 Health spa massage - Mount Waverley - 0401 333 659
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Health spa massage

Date of Visit : 17/02/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 293 Blackburn rd, Mount Waverley

Phone : 0401 333 659

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : 60mins / $70 massage, 60mins / $100 massage and spa

Age : 27

Size/shape : Chunky, curvy, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : RnT, B2B, Spa

Value for money/recommend? : Not for spa, maybe for another girl straight massage

My experience/comments : 
Was speaking to a mamasan on Line recently about her ambitions to expand her empire and provide a massage parlour/spa combo businesses apparently similar to what is common in other asian countries (idk never been, taking her word for it), I was intrigued and while waiting for her shop to finish renovations to allow said spa's, I found this place offering the same thing on Locanto and being a sucker for anything new with a tug (wax&tug, haircut&tug etc) I thought why not i'll give it a go.
Booking was easy via WeChat though their number is fine for sms too i'm told, the mamasan (who is also a ML) described in broken english what this spa thing was about and the gist I got was that for an hour it'd breakdown to 45min massage and 15min in the bath afterwards with the girl washing me down.
Popped in at 8:30 as requested (they 'close' at 9 but take bookings up till 9) for an hour and handed over the 70 to one of the two ML's there, one very slim and pretty (and flirty) with a good set of bolt on's and the other a more plain jane, bigger girl.
As you can see from my description above I drew the short straw today but was happy enough with a new experience. 
The massage itself was pretty standard chinese style massage and nothing to write home about, we chatted away with her very poor english for most of it and she's got a good sense of humour despite her english limitations. With no tickle tackle at all until about 40min of the 45 elapsed when she asked me to flip, I thought this might have been a strictly legit massage.
Extras offered were hj, nude, bodyslide being 30, 50 and 80 respectively. I chose the bodyslide because once again i'm a sucker for something different and it wasn't overly expensive despite her not amazing looks, and she seemed like a friendly fun kinda lady which makes any punt for me a hell of a lot more enjoyable.
She offed the kit and oiled us both up and hopped on for a pretty good bodyslide, encouraged internal and external digits, limited dfk and plenty of boobs in my face with an average tug starting with a bit of slow and sensual teasing but then from 0-100 did the classic chinese jackhammer and blew over her tits not long after.
The same time she asked me to flip she turned on the bath over by the back wall, and once I had cum she gestured me over to it and proceeded to chuck on what looked like gardening gloves but were apparently 'exfoliating gloves', which definitely weren't brand new so I guess i'm covered in other punters dead skin which is cool 
Then she soaped up a loofah and scrubbed me again head to toe and everywhere in between, rinsed me off and sent me on my way.
The spa thing here at least isn't for me, paying $30 is in no way worth it and i'd rather the old hot towels or a shower. Hopefully the mamasan I mentioned has hers setup a bit nicer.
Anyway i'll come back to try the cuter ML but just for a massage, no spa.
Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th February 2020, 09:13 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi KewlPewl 

Nice review and sounds enticing. Hope she like old farts. 

You quoted "At this point my financial sensibility has gone right out the window and I would have said yes to just about any amount she had requested".

How much did you pay for extras please 

Cheers 
THA


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th February 2020, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: kewlpewl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by tryhardaussie


How much did you pay for extras pleas
"""



100, couldn't figure out how to edit my original post. cheers


