Thread Title: Healthland - 292C Springvale Rd, Springvale - 03 9547 7974
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st May 2015, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: de_mented_kid
Post Title: 
 Healthland - 292C Springvale Rd, Springvale - 03 9547 7974
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joey

Establishment : HealthLand Massage

Date of Visit : 31/5/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 292C Springvale Rd, Springvale, 9547 7974

Hours of Business : 10 - 9. 7 days a week.

Rates : $60 - 60 mins

Age : 35

Size/shape : Medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HR $30

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : 

So I popped into Springers today for shopping and for a geezer at all the new shops around the block looking for a new massage shop. This one I think is not so new but had the most potential. I did however visit a place last week in Springers but it ended up being a TOFT. I'm happy to review it later if admin would like it up.

On to the massage.. I handed over $60 at the counter and was taken into the middle room. Very basic room but a good solid bed that you can starfish on! You never see them much anymore! The kit came off and I was on the table and not to long later she was back in. The women was nice but average looks and medium body, Nice rack though. But I sucked it up and went for it.. She was a great massager and started on the legs first with really good pressure and flowing strokes. I had no problem with the towel on me the whole time because it was a cold day. She gave no hints of extras during the massage, not even a single bit of TT. So I was thinking shit I'm in the same boat as last week!!
She started on my back next and got through the knots and it was really good as I had a good gym week this week. Onto the flip still no signs.. Legs, Arms, Neck, Then tummy and off she goes for a hot towel.
I said after she came back what about some extras and with her basic english ok with a smile and she put up 5 fingers! I dropped right to 3 fingers! and with back and forth bargaining I got my way of 3! There is know way going to make her charge me that much! I told her 5 fingers for a birthday suit! But she disagreed. Off comes the towel and she was not so bad, 2 hands all the way through giving some good grip on the shaft, I love that! 5 mins of oily rubbing and takle massage later she finishes me off. All while she let me run my hands over her with no issues. She did say 40 for that but I laughed in her face:P
More hot towels and I was ready to go!

WIR: Yes because of the value. No because of the quality of the girls. I walked past last week and there was a larger asian lady there. I wont be going back.

 I'm still hunting for something a lot nicer. I like my pretty and slim asian girls. Any tips on where I could go would be much appreciated as I just moved down to the Chelsea area.


