Thread Title: Health Spa Massage - Springvale - 0450 629 477
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th February 2020, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: kewlpewl
Post Title: 
 Health Spa Massage - Springvale - 0450 629 477
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Phoebe

Establishment : Awesome relaxation massage (I shit you not thats the name according to google)

Date of Visit : 13/02/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 375B Springvale road, Springvale

Phone : 0450 629 477

Hours of Business : 10am - 8:30pm

Rates : $40/30min

Age : 23

Size/shape : Healthy, athletic? C-D cup (more than a good handful)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : B2B / R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and yes for me, maybe not for everyone

My experience/comments : Recently i've been sussing out the wares in Springvale by popping into a fair few shops on the main strip to see who's working as I haven't built up any regulars since Sarah's departure at 373 (side note if anyone knows where she's gone i'd love to know).
This is easy to do as there's maybe 6 shops within a 10min walk, using the old 'have you got a card' or 'maybe i'll come back, going out for dinner' if there's noone who takes my fancy.
On the last shop of my outing I wander into the shop in question and Phoebe comes to the door to greet me, In a see-thru short singlet thing with no bra showing off her perky (23 after all) chest with dark nipples and short denim shorts and the deal was sealed.
Into the room paying 40 for 30min and she began an ok but by no means amazing massage, better than many but not as good as the legit places i've found. Loves a chat and speaks relatively good english, asks about my day and usual bullshit.
She not long after begins the tickle tackle with one elbow running down my back and the other hand up my crack and being a gentleman I rise to allow her easier access, this goes on for about 10min and she asks me to flip.
She asks if I 'would like to get naughty' with her to which I asked what that consists of and she pulled out a boob saying 'I can take this off, and these' referring to her shorts, 'also I can sit on your face'.
At this point my financial sensibility has gone right out the window and I would have said yes to just about any amount she had requested, despite being not supermodel beautiful she had that rare cheeky youthful exuberance and a killer body, I had a hunch that we would have a great time and it paid dividends shortly after.
The kit came off and I was greeted with a beautiful peachy round ass which i was encouraged to 'punch' (clarified to mean spank, 'bad english sorry'), ample perky breasts mentioned earlier with cute dark receptive nipples.
She climbed on the table on top of me and began to grind her pussy on my hardened cock and leaned forward for some great dfk and alternating between shoving her nipples in my mouth. This girl knows what she's doing, at times I wondered if I was inside her.
She then spun around and promptly did what she said she was going to, sit on my face. A perfect little pink pussy in my opinion which tasted great and was again very receptive to my motions, while doing this she took me in her mouth while stroking for a great bbbj.
I do not know whether she came or not in this position but maybe 5 minutes later she got off and I urged her to lie down with be off to the side of the table for some FIV with me massaging her g-spot with one hand and clit with the other, this has been a go-to trick of mine only learned recently and within 2 minutes she squirted all over my hand, arm and the table. thank fuck for towels. She finished me off from this position with her hand and tongue lapping at the head of my cock and I blew a sizable load over her tits shortly after.
She cleaned me up with wet wipes, tissues and hot towels for the oil and we had a quick chat while both getting dressed again. She's a great girl and I hope she stays around and staves off the bitterness of some others in this area.

Phoebe only works thursdays.

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2020, 10:00 PM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What was the price for extras?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th February 2020, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Phoebe

Establishment : Awesome relaxation massage 

Date of Visit : 20/02/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 375B Springvale road, Springvale

Phone : 0450 629 477

Hours of Business : 10am - 8:30pm

Rates : $40/30min plus 70 

Age : 23

Size/shape : Size 10 C-cups Long hair, trimmed puss

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage hj and daty

Value for money/recommend? : Service orientated chick

Popped in to meet Phoebe today based on above review. Arrived at 11.20 and asked for Phoebe. She came out wearing shiny black nike leggins,a tight blue t-shirt and white runners, hair was tied back and parted in middle, she has a bit of an American indian look about her, strange for a Chinese girl. I was reasonably attracted to her, i could feel that feeling we get in our pants, and told her i would pop over to woolies and get some cash.  Liked her ass when she turned and walked away.

Bought a cherry ripe from woolies and asked the female attendant for 150 in cash.  I hope she was not suspicious and saw me walk into the shop on the other side of the rd. I actually gave Phoebe the cherry ripe, and she thanked me.  The room is very small and dingy, but that was ok.  No wet wipes visible, so i thought i would just go nude hj, i did not have clean undies on anyways.

Phoebe returned, and gave me a few mins of light massage on back, bum and legs with oil.  I told her a friend recommend and he had a good time with her, told her he was Aussie man.  We agreed on 70 for nude hj.  I got her up on table, with top off, and ran my hands over her black leggins. She was friendly at this stage.  Turned her onto back, and pulled her pants off, revealing a sexy purple bikini bottom, she told me she likes the beach, as do i. 

I slowly rubbed her clit, standing over her, and she was moaning slightly. Her pussy had a little moisture and i lean't down and gave her a little licking for a couple of mins, there was no odour and she seemed to enjoy it.  Then i asked her to jerk me in 69 position while i continued licking her out, she smouthered my face with her vagina, while not really jerking me, just teasing my cock and balls with her nails.  When she did pull the oil felt not the best for masturbation.  

When she got off and put more oil on, she licked my nipple, lean't close to my face, and asked if i was enjoying it, gave a few seductive looks, but i just fell short of getting over the line as the oil was professional massage oil, and it kept drying up.  

Phoebe grabbed a wet wipe, where were they hidden i asked myself, and i cleaned my self up.  As she stood i noticed just how nice her C-cup breasts were as she stood, and a lovely bikini line around her ass cheeks, which had a nice firmness.  Phoebe is well worth seeing if u like to lick a girls privates, it was a nice adventure but i will probably move on now.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st February 2020, 12:53 AM
Poster ID: kewlpewl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
glad you enjoyed it brauny, i was there about 2:30 today and saw someone else I suspect was from here. not going to do another review as it was the same as last time, though i have a feeling i'm going to get fs with repeat visits.


