Thread Title: Heavenly touch massage therapy, moonee ponds. Vic
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2018, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: ethanle
Post Title: 
 Heavenly touch massage therapy, moonee ponds. Vic
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Heavenly Touch Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : 26/07/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 116 Maribyrnong Road, Moonee Ponds.

https://www.honee.com.au/v/melbourne...-touch-massage

Phone : 0401 751 828

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : $50 for BBBJ (No Massage)

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Size 10? Natural DD's  

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : BBBJ & CIM.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First of all, the detail
As you walk into the store, its a tiny standing area with another door to your left. Pressed the door bell and not long after a old white male appears and tells you to come in.
The first room is a old run down lounge room with dimmed lights, I was led to first room on the left after the lounge room and was told to wait and someone will come.

The massage room is old, stale smelling with a small heater next to the bed. 
A couple of minutes later a lady enters with fucking huge tits that I couldn't keep my eye off. Asked what I was after and I said what are your prices ?
$50 for Massage and $70 for Massage and Tug, $100 for FS. I replied nah, too expensive and was going to walk away untill she asked how much you want to pay?

I said, $50 for just a blowie ? She agreed. I paid, was told to undress and lay on the table. She returned and immediately took her dress off

She first got some wet wipes and gave my fella a wipe down before she started to run her fingers around the region to get some blood flow.
As I got to a semi, she started to lick the region and paid alot of attention to the balls. As the fella finally woke up, she took him in her mouth and gave me a nice, slow and wet blowjob. During this I was fondling with her breasts, arse and a big of vag play. It wasnt rushed at all and it seemed as though she loved sucking, next thing she lifts one left on the table exposing her vag. Not sure if she wanted me to DATY but it didn't look too appealing (wasn't ready to explore what her garden) so I just spat on my fingers and went to work while she was moaning with her mouth full. Not long to go and I blew my load (She doesn't swallow).

She told me she works everyday and that she use to work in Footscray.

As much as she offers FS, i'm sure theres more she offers.

I will return and report on the next visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th July 2018, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great punt at a great price, the price I like. Too far for me though unfortunately


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th July 2018, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I admit I read many RnT reviews where the ML gives a half-arsed massage for 25 minutes before offering extravagant extras for the last t minutes. In that case, I agree with Ethanie - cut straight to the chase.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th July 2018, 10:36 PM
Poster ID: ethanle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think they actually like punters cutting straight to the chase. Saves them time giving a half-arsed massage they didn't want to do in the first place lol.


