Thread Title: Holt Massage - 668 Warrigal Rd, Malvern East Vic - 0405 743 229
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th May 2015, 01:45 AM
Poster ID: de_mented_kid
Post Title: 
 Holt Massage - 668 Warrigal Rd, Malvern East Vic - 0405 743 229
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian

Establishment : Tulip Massage

Date of Visit : 15/5/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 668 Warrigal rd 0405 743 229

Hours of Business : 10 til 7

Rates : 70 PH, 30 Extra

Age : 30

Size/shape : 10, B, Good shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : HJ, FN,

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 

Went in on a Friday and only 2 people working with 1 on reception only. Got shoved into that little alcove and got asked to wait while the ML prepares. Reception lady came back and got me into the room and handed over payment. Got on the table not knowing who I'm getting and a good looking asian women walks in. Shes about 30+ slim body but with a good build on her. She was wearing a black cotton fitted dress but not to revealing. Easy on the eye. So by then I was already on the table in my birthday suit and got asked the usual questions... Have you been hear and pressure etc...
On to the massage she started on the back and did some good technique, she actually used her elbows! So I was delighted with that and then she moved down to my legs where she paid most attention to pleasing my massage desires, good technique into lite brushes over the butt and crack into a nice tackle tickle that got me stir crazy and pinned up like a tent! On to the turn over and the usual Q's asked by the ML. I asked for HJ and FL which she wanted a pineapple. I suggested a lobster and a blue back because she was on her monthly cycle ><. So off it came only leaving the essential on. The service was great, she listens to what you want, Good full strokes and none of that half or tip only rubbish. She was very enthusiastic and got me over the line while I my hands wandered. 

She then finished with toweling me up with a hot one and a dry one then onto a nice neck, shoulder and head massage.

WIR: Yep, but on a budget I guess, I've heard there is more on offer but that's up to you on how you would like to role.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th January 2017, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Holt Massage - Malvern East, Victoria - 0405 743 229
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : lily

Establishment : Holt Massage

Date of Visit : 03/January/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

http://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/ID...air-price.html
Hours of Business : 

668 Warrigal Road East Malvern
Victoria (Cnr Waverly Road)

tel: 0405 743 229

Rates : 
20mins = $30
30mins = $45 
45mins = $60
60mins = $70

Extra $20. For clothed HJ or $30.00 for nude HJ.

May be more extras on offer depending on WL.

Age :  late thirties

Size/shape : Slim tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage & nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : 

YES if you pick the right WL.



Yesterday mid day, I Follow up intel from another site

I ask to see Nikki ? No today. Ok what about Yumi ? I get a blank look.

Betty, chubby short Asian, comes out & says " you try new girl". She tries very hard to persuade me. Betty uses sign language to indicate that I can have a nude HJ for $30.00 on top of $45.00 massage fee. I say I need to cash up at the ATM across the road. This gives me time to ponder. Oh fuck it, I might as well take a punt.

"Yoo hoo I'm back !"

Into the room. & the new girl's name is Lily. I am hopeless at guessing ages & nationalities, particularly Asians. I think she is late thirties PRC. She is tall & slim. To me, she is neither attractive nor ugly. She takes my $45. I start undressing & she returns. I try some chit chat but her English is worse than poor.

Up on the table & a fairly standard massage ensues. She emphatically places my hands in the dangling at the side position. She starts the rub from the head of the table.

Soon she is standing at my side. She gives my back a hard massage. My arm is dangling between her open legs. I give her bare legs a gentle rub. I hover around the calves & a little bit above. She appears to have no problem with this. 

She moves to the other side of the table. Again I give her legs a rub & venture a little further north. I give her undies a few brushes. Every now & then her leg muscles would tighten up & she would temporarily go the clampers. Not really a knock back , but a bit of hesitation on her part. She is still fully clothed in a longish flowing skirt.

She kept asking me if I want it hard or soft. If I told her once, I told her twenty times, that I want it soft. She just ignored me & proceeded the way she wanted to do it.

Then she climbs up on the table, & sits so that one of my legs is between her legs, but she does not straddle. She starts digging her knuckles into various spots on my spine. I said "ouch" a few times. Then she asks ok ? ok ?
I said no not ok. "I want soft like this" & I softly stroked her leg to show her how I wanted it. I said "like a butterfly, ha ha". She giggled & finally went a bit softer. 

She eventually massages my arse. She was getting progressively harder again. I was sick of playing Mr Nice Guy. I said sternly "no no, soft soft. I then immediately stuck my arse in the air. 

To her credit, she then used her finger tips to tickle the tackle, & even came in from the side with her other hand & gave my limp dick a few brushes. 

Then she grabs a pillow & I flip. She immediately does an elongated hand wanking signal. She looked about as feminine as Mike Tyson having a pull, and asks me "you want ? you want" ?

I am totally unaroused, which is pretty obvious by my dead worm of a dick. I am also seething with anger at her inability to give a fuck about what I might want. 

I figured, that at this stage I am $45. down the drain. If she wants any more of my hard earned, she will need to convince me of a decent return on my investment.

So I say "not yet". She keeps on asking "you want ?" "you want"?
I keep on repeating " not yet".
She then starts getting annoyed with me & explains she doesn't know English well enough to understand "not yet". 

Via sign language I ask if she has a phone translator . No . 
Shen then angrily asks "you want yes ? or you want no?" I reply NO.

She goes back to doing a standard massage. This is not what I am here for. In silent anger I hop off the table & start getting dressed. She asks me what is going on? & similar type questions. I remain silent & continue to get dressed. She leaves the room.

Betty immediately appears. I am in my tee shirt & undies. Her English is not flash either, but she is concerned that I am 'not happy'. She asks me to let her massage me for free for 10 mins. 

I felt a bit sorry for the other chick. I suspect I was her 1st punter on her 1st day in her new MP. But fuck it, I am sick of blowing money on sub standard service. I just know that her handy would have been a useless jack hammer that would probably not even get me hard, let alone over the line. For once, the blood had not yet rushed from my brain to my dick

If I had already yanked my jeans on, I would not have bothered with Betty's offer, but I say ok.

I whip my gear off & lie on my back. My cock is as limp as a dead fish, a very small dead fish. Betty starts a sensual rub around the right spots & I start to return the favour. This is going to take a lot longer than either of us wants it to. 

I indicate that I would like her to nude up. Her face looked like a question mark. I said "I pay you money no problem." Uh oh the blood is flowing. She immediately drops her gear, locks the door, & grabs the baby oil. Ah this is more like it. 

Betty's body would have been a little cracker a few years ago. It is not in good nick now, but it will suffice, and her tits are looking quite juicy.

She is more than happy for me to have a munch on her bouzzies while she oils up the old fella. Now we can get down to some serious business.

She does a fine job of applying oil & getting me hard. I suggest she slows down the jerking. I do my best effort on her tits, & decide to give her fanny a rub via the back door. 

It is a bit of a dry argument.
I slip my middle finger where I am sucking a tit, & then pop the wet finger back on her fanny. She starts to produce moisture. Soon I am rubbing juice on to her clit.

Her breathing gets heavier & quicker. I am now also licking her neck. She loves it. Her jerking is now exactly in sync with her breathing. We are both going faster & faster. She cums a second or two before me. She is not a loud screamer, but lets out a relieving sigh, & then I do the same. Naturally her fanny is as wet as Sadie's mop.

We have well & truly used up the ten minutes. There is an almost awkward moment, when we don't know who should be thanking who. Or maybe she is such an accomplished actress, and I have been totally sucked in. I don't think so, but I can't totally rule it out.

I asked how much I owed her & she said $20. I readily hand it over. I get dressed. I call out a cheery goodbye. I hot-tail it outta there.

While I was getting dressed, I could hear them having a spirited conversation. Not abusive, but definitely spirited.

I am tipping that the next punter who is serviced by Lily, will have very good reason to thank me.


