Thread Title: Hong Kong Massage - Melb CBD -  0477 283 130
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th March 2019, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: kits759
Post Title: 
 Hong Kong Massage - Melb CBD -  0477 283 130
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage, 120 Bourke St, Melbourne 3000.

Date of Visit : ~15 Jan, 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.facebook.com/HK.Massage.BourkeST/

Phone : 0477283130

Hours of Business : 9.30am - 1.30am

Rates : $70/hour, $60/45mins, can't remember price for 30 min option

Age : Looked in her early 30s

Size/shape : Average, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian, dark skin toned asian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Wen't in to check the prices for a massage as it is right next to work, didn't know it was "that" kind of a place. The person at reception was an older lady showing of her E cup cleavage for all to see and then noticed the masseuses in the corner wearing very skimpy tight low cut dresses at which point it hit me that its probably a shady RnT masssage parlour. Since I had never been to a RnT parlour before, I decided to give it a try. I gave the person at the counter $100 and asked to  book for an hour, she ushered me in to the room and told me that she would send the change later. Since I didn't know how the place operated, I stripped down to my underwear and lyed on the bed waiting for Maggie. When she entered I had a good look at her, she was comparativly slim with a very average figure. As soon as the massage started, she lowered my underpants so that my glutes were visible, as I tried to lift my hips up a bit to be more comfortable, she asked if she can remove them as it would be easier to which I quickly agreed. The massage was very normal, no technique at all but she did put some pressure which was good. She started with the back and upper body and then moved on to legs. She massaged my glutes quite a bit and every few seconds or so, she would slide her hands between my legs (Maybe it is supposed to be sensual?!) which didn't have much effect. She then asked me to turn around. She massaged my chest and nipples a bit and then started massaging little johnny. Once johnny was standing in attention, she dropped the bomb... $50 extra for happy ending. I bargained with a tiny bit and told her that I only had $30 on me to which she eventually agreed. She was very hesitant to remove her clothing but I didn't barge either and told her I am not paying is she is not naked. She eventually agreed but only went topless. She allowed me to roam my hands all over her upper body, but would not allow me to even caress her butt. She tried to finish the HJ as fast as possible and then she started cleaning me.
I personally woulnd't go there again as it seems quite expensive but I haven't seen any other shady RnT places so go there to get the experience. During the bargaining process, initially she didn't wanna budge at all and everything was extra. When she finally noticed that I didn't have money she agreed to the bare minimum. Paying $30 for 5 minutes seems way too much.


