Thread Title: Ivy - iBeauty Massage, Nunawading Vic  - 0432 218 345
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2017, 05:36 PM
Poster ID: MCJIN
Post Title: 
 Ivy - iBeauty Massage, Nunawading Vic  - 0432 218 345
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : ibeauty massage

Date of Visit : 13/1/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432218345
                                               8,market street NUNAWADING

Hours of Business : 10-8pm

Rates : $50/30mins, $60/45mins, $75/60mins(got the 30mins)
            Plus $30handjob

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : C cup, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage with hj

Value for money/recommend? : AWESOME

My experience/comments : Needed a massage,saw this add on Locarno for massage in nunawading and thought to check it out. Got there around 1pm, secluded shop in the back next to some apartments,no walk of shame needed.
Upon entry was greeted by one girl,Ivy who was bubbly and had the cutest tits and ass. She had a white shirt and tight jeans on, immediately thought how good this was going to be and boy was I right
gave her the $50 and led into a nice spacious room with high ceilings,clean massage table with lots of baby oil on the shelf next to it plus a packet of gloves HOH! Here we go I thought,prostate massage!
anyway Ivy starts the massage covering me with a towel followed by pressing points on my entire back body and damn it was the best tension reliever I've ever felt. She then removed the towel and oiled me back up with a SUPERB massage hitting all the points in my back neck thighs.
ivy is really enjoys her work and is extremely friendly,upon the flip I got to look at her more and she isn't a pornstar hot but she is still sexy enough, she brushed her boobs against my thighs and when she massaged my chest she gave me some cheeky winks. I asked her for the prostate massage but she saidthis is the only day she will work at his place as she is only helping a friend, and she regularly works at a massage shop near Ormond train station. plus I only opted for 30mins and there was already a guy waiting for her by the time I made my request
she finished me with the most sensual hot slow long strokes on my cock and it felt amazing having her soft hands all over my cock
finished and she wiped me down with a hot towel which felt amazing. Dried me off with a dry towel and man felt so refreshed. She is a great girl and told me the other girls here are good too etc, but I'm hoping she is just playing hard to get and I can get to see her again next time
overall I'm making thi place my regular and looking forward to the next punt.


