Thread Title: Kelly - Young Massage, St Albans - 0422 013 683
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2016, 02:55 PM
Poster ID: Copeland
Post Title: 
 Kelly - Young Massage, St Albans - 0422 013 683
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly 
Establishment : young massage 
Date of Visit : October 2016
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 234 main rd St. Albans
Hours of Business : 10:00am - 20:00
Rates : $45/30mins
Age : 25
Size/shape : 5'6"
Nationality or Ethnicity : Filipino
Services Provided : massage 
Value for money/recommend? : yes
My experience/comments :

I was going past St. Albans the other day and decided to check out this place near Safeway.

I entered the shop and I'm greeted by pretty young Philippine girl at the desk with a lovely smile. She seems to be around 23-30

I'm short of time so just opt for 30mins so I pay 45 for 1/2 hour before we go to the partitioned off area set up as rooms.

I am asked to strip off and she draws the curtains and tells me will be back soon. In a flash I am butt naked waiting for her. 

She come and dims the lights and starts with the back massage. The massage was excellent as she worked the shoulders, back and arms. Then she moved down to the legs and again every good massage working the calves and thighs. I was bike riding the day before so just what the Dr ordered.

As she strokes up my legs she brushes the tackle a few times clearly she is looking get me boned up. I reach across and feel herlegs as she massages my arse. She was quite happy for me to feel up and down her legs.

She leans over and asks me if I want a happy ending, I asked how much and she said $30. I said yes!!

She asks me to turn over and starts rubbing from top of my shoulders down my chest to my stomach, her breasts rubbing over my face ohhh it was nice. I could see her low cut top lovely soft breasts. I could see she had a tattoo on her right breast sexy.

Now she walks around and grabs the tackle giving my balls a great massage before grabs my cock and starts working it with long strokes and the intensity builds. As she is choking the budgie I was feeling her arse and breasts from the outside. Before long I explode and got some on her top, she looks at me and smiles like it's a job well done. 

She then cleans up really nicely and finishes with hot towels front and back. Felt great Kelly was pretty, a lovely Philippian face with a great body.

All up for $75 was very happy with Kelly.


