Thread Title: Korean Style - 413 High St, Northcote - 03 9489 8788
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th February 2014, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: Jtk
Post Title: 
 Korean Style - 413 High St, Northcote - 03 9489 8788
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Korean Style

Date of Visit : 11/01/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 413 High st, Northcote, VIC

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 30mins / 60

Age : 25 - 30

Size/shape : Slim body, b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/ will return?: There are better places in the area, if i return will be for another lady.

My experience/comments : I had been looking around looking for a different massage place, try my luck with some different style or nationality other than Thai or Chinese. I saw this place which claimed to be Korean, and caught my attention.

After several tries (always getting late or place busy), i got my chance to a different massage. I was greeted by a young asian girl, i believe she said she was half korean and half Chinese? Anyways, on the menu there was an option for a "wet" massage, 1 hr for around 100 bucks. I got interested in that but i did not get a great sign from the lady to convince me so thought  maybe just get the normal massage first and come some other time for the wet massage, so took the 30mins for 60.

So in to the room, everything off and hop on the table. The place seems alright, clean. The massage starts and I'm a bit disappointed. I keep thinking to myself that maybe it will pick up but nothing, very plain massage.

The massage never picks up the quality, but in my hopes I'm just pledging that i can have a grand finale. So around the 20 min mark she asks me to flip and as she massages my leg she tells me if i want something else, i ask how much and for 30 here we go.

Although i guess i cant complain for getting the soldier massaged as it is always nice to get this kind of service, it never picked up, it was as plain as the rest of the evening.

I guess the best part of the visit was when i was exiting the room i met another girl, way way cutter with a nice smile. She is the only good part of the experince and in my hopes to go there again.

Maybe i had bad luck, maybe the girl was not in her best of moods but not interested to give her anther chance.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd October 2014, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: 6mac
Post Title: 
 Royal Massage - 413 High Street Northcote
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Love

Establishment : Royal Massage

Date of Visit : May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 413 High st, Northcote, VIC 03-94898788

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 60mins / $70

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : busty girl, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : yes, highly

My experience/comments :

Business took me to beautiful Melbourne and while finished with all the day work I decide to get spoiled and took the punt to go into this massage parlour. It all looked like there might be more on the menu and so I decided to stay an hour with lovely Love. She is a busty girl but with wonderful hands and her massage was excellent. I enjoyed every minute of it. She works very professional and covers you for most of the session with a towel. Towards the end of the session some nice teasing of the bum and better parts happened. Then the flip and again cover up with towel but man she got the teasing going under the towel. I felt like in heaven and after not too long I was. Brilliant and I have been back every time I have been in the area. She doesn't work everyday and I haven't tried any other girls here yet. But the shop seems to be busy so can't wait to hear if anybody else had some similar experiences with one of the other ladies working here?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd October 2014, 08:37 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well done love lol


