Thread Title: Kung Fu Massage - Richmond Vic - 0426 887 309
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2013, 02:05 PM
Poster ID: melroyale
Post Title: 
 Kung Fu Massage - Richmond Vic - 0426 887 309
				
Post Content: 
0426887309

On my phone, will update with full review but went in for a 30 min full body massage for 50 dollars. Had some indian lady about 25 years old, pretty, fully clothed. Extras start from an extra 50 for hand relief. Which is a bit steep, another 50 for topless and another 50 for nude. Now this was already sounding like a terrible mistake. The masseuse used long softs strokes which wasn't to my liking. After the 30 minutes I decided stuff it lets see who else is there. I got a french 23(?) Year old named Lola. She's a bit chubby but she looks good and has a tattoo avross her torso. She gave an awesome massage and really paid attention to detail from my neck, to my finger tips to my feet! Very talkative and very polite. I asked her for extras. Instead of telling me she asked what i wanted which was a plus. I told her it was my birthday (im 20 today woo) she laughed and said maybe we can do something extra and she stripped and gave me a 9/10 bbbj. My time was up and i had not finished. I was too busy massaging and playing with her. She really warmed up nicely and if you're genuinely nice to her she'll treat you well. I will go back to see her definitely. 


Again will use normal format when im home, time to party!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th December 2013, 06:38 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We look forwards to the full Review after your "partying" melroyale.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th December 2013, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: melroyale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : First girl started with an M.. could have been Mariah. Second girl Lola.

Establishment : Kung Fu Massage

Date of Visit : 06/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 421 Church St, Richmond, Victoria/0426 887 309/Locanto (Will Update)

Hours of Business : 11am - 6pm

Rates : $50/65(?)/80 - 30/45/60 Minutes [Extras from $50 for HJ + 50 for topless + 50 for nude]

Age : Both girls mid 20's

Size/shape : Mariah was 5'4, slim, with what looked like a firm ass and perky tits but couldn't tell as she was fully clothed in a dark room. Lola was around 5'5, thick with D cups, body tatts and a tight ass. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mariah was possibly Indian mixed. Lola was French with a sexy accent.

Services Provided : Mariah: Mechanical massage/ Lola: Enthusiastic warm fully body massage with HJ, BBBJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Not sure yet. Lola only redeeming factor. 

My experience/comments :

Just finished a busy morning, running so I decided to treat myself to a massage. Found an old ad on Locanto and gave it a text. Got a response, made an appointment and off I went. The shop is on the corner of Church St and Swan St so it's fairly busy but it still felt discreet enough to just walk in. Once I arrived there was a male receptionist asking for my name. I handed him the kind gentleman a 50 and he led me to the back where I could undress and wait. 

He had told me there was supposed to be an Australian girl, Colombian girl and a French girl. I was hoping to try out the Colombian but she didn't show up and neither did the Australian. I didn't know who else was working there but there was a knock on the door and there stood Mariah greeting me dressed in leather pants and a black top. She asked if I had ever been there before and after I said no she just got some oil and did a light rub on my back without talking. She didn't ask if the pressure was fine nor did she seem interested in her job. There was a few long strokes she made which felt really nice with the warm oil but for every positive stroke she did there were two negatives to follow. I was wearing my briefs and she hadn't shown any sign of closing in so I asked if she offered anything extra. In a very soft barely comprehensible voice I hear "h-hand relief is 50 dollar, i take my top off another 50 and all nude another 50" I politely declined and continued with the massage. She asked me to flip and gave a good rub on my torso down to the my legs. Once again she offered and told me I'd only need to pay 80 for all of it. Again I declined. After my time was up I felt like I had reached an anti climax so I went back to the front and asked to see someone else. After waiting for Lola to finish with another customer I was again, led to the same room and waited a few minutes. Lola pops in wearing a white top with a black skirt and was bare foot. 

It hadn't occurred to me that she could have been blowing the guy next door but she told me that she thinks that guy was in the wrong place as he was asking for a stone massage. In any case, she asked me if I would like her to focus on anything (which is a plus) I told her my legs and shoulders can use some attention and off to work she went. I laid down flat on my stomach getting heaps of oil massaged into my back which felt amazing. Her hands kneading and pressing. After a few minutes I started asking her the usual about what she does, where she came from etc. She tells me a few things about herself and laughs a bit as she continues giving me a 100 percent effort massage. She really did care which was great. Her mother apparently did some massage stuff as well for her a degree or something so she learnt a few techniques and pressure points to work on. After about 20 minutes or so into the massage the conversation leads to birthdays and she asks me when my birthday was, after finding out that it was my birthday she laughed and asked if I wanted anything extra for it. The way she handled the conversation making me tell her what I want was a good change from the mechanical Asians I've seen. I didn't really tell her anything I just handed her a 50 and told to surprise me. She kept on laughing calling me crazy and pulled my briefs down. She started massaging my legs, closing in and finally grabbed on. After a few strokes I thought may as well keep going because nothing seems to phase her so I told her that she could use her mouth if she wanted. She complied and gently wrapped her lips around and started giving me an amazing blowjob. I'm talking swallowing every inch almost down to the base. She was trying her hardest to keep quiet and my 30 minutes was about to expire. I held her up to the bed and started massaging her while she jerked me off. I squeezed her tits, licked, bit and pulled on them and she was starting to breath heavier and seemed to forget where she was. She quickly stopped and told me again this is crazy and that my time is up we should hurry but I haven't finished yet. She slipped my hand into her panties and as I pushed in a little to tease her and lick her ear lobes she grabbed on harder and started tugging with the force of a thousand angry virgins. She started gulping on me and seemed to love every second of my veins pulsating inside of her mouth. Right as I exploded she moved away while still milking every drop. 

After dressing herself she left and came back with warm wet towels, wiped me up and thanked me for making her crazy too. 

I handed her another 50 and got dressed to leave. 

50% Success rating at this shop so far. Bit expensive overall, may as well go to a brothel but for the experience I got, I'll go again to see Lola.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th December 2013, 04:49 PM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
First of all, Happy Birthday Melroyale, I hope you had enough coin left to celebrate that night !! Great review but seemed a fairly expensive experience, though I must admit I wouldn't mind employing Lola for a 1 hour session...might have to make it on my birthday !!! Lol !!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th December 2013, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review Melroyal, but wow that expensive !!!  I don't mind paying the $$$ e may though when you know the service will be up to it and Lola sounds like she may be if you click.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th December 2013, 09:10 PM
Poster ID: mevomu
Post Title: 
 Richmond Vic - 0426 887 309
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia

    Date of Visit : 12/12/13

    Contact Details/Address/Weblink : HOT HOT HOT - EXOTIC & SENSUAL AUSSIE - EURO BABES, Melbourne

    Hours of Business aily 11am-8pm

    Rates : $80 - 60 mins($100 for nude touching)

    Age : 28

    Size/shape : 10 D cups

    Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

    Services Provided : R&T

    Value for money/recommend? : Hell no

    My experience/comments : Called ahead and did not booked anyone, popped in to check out who was on, stayed on because I "was already there". Into the room (plaster walls with the ceiling covered by some thin pieces of wood).

The usual happens, birthday suit on the massage table and it begins. The massage for actually pretty weak for my liking, but things start to get interesting when she starts messaging my thighs, obvious gestures that more is on offer. I know this, which is exactly the reason I was there. Quick discussion and and settled on 100 for nude with touching and some nipple play. To be totally honest, I knew i was overpaying, but with those huge knockers I just had to take a look, and I was not disappointed. However, everything else was pretty much thumbs down for me.

I walk out and the papasan looks at me, trying to gauge how it went, I gesture that it was so so, he then recommended that I come in to see Valentina, who is an italian chick who is an ex-stripper, this certainly peaked my interest.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th December 2013, 09:24 PM
Poster ID: mevomu
Post Title: 
 Valentina - Richmond - 0426887309
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Valentina

    Date of Visit : 18/12/13

     Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  HOT HOT HOT - EXOTIC & SENSUAL AUSSIE - EURO BABES, Melbourne

    Hours of Business aily 11am-8pm

    Rates : $80 - 60 mins($100 for nude touching)

    Age : 28

    Size/shape : 8 B cups

    Nationality or Ethnicity : Itailain

    Services Provided : B2B / R&T

    Value for money/recommend? : Somewhat

     My experience/comments : The papasans recommendation stuck in my head for the next week. Naturally, to satisfy my curiosity, I booked Valentina. 

I was a bit disappointed when I first saw her, but I put this down to the anticipation that was building for so long. She grew on me by the end of the 1 hour booking. She asked if it was my first time there, I tell her no, to which she jokes,"then you must know what else is on offer" in a pretty loud voice. Extras were for B2B, HJ and pussy play, agreed on 100. Again, expensive I know and only for 1 shot, I was then advised that another shot would set me back another 30. She continues with the massage in her birthday suit and then the flip. She slides her body up and down, really getting little me all excited, she moves up towards me and our lips meet, I honestly was quite taken aback and though to myself, this is a first for me, especially at this establishment. Anyways, it doesn't take me too long and it over before I know it. She cleans me up and proceeds with another message. The message is sufficient that it relaxes me enough for me to doze off. I'm awake and asked if I would like round 2, I declined, I was already tired as it was, and couldn't justify another 30 in that state. She cleans me with hot towels, as alwasy the oil doesn't really come off, and showers aren;t available. 

I walk out and give papasan the thumbs up. I note that I had another 10 minutes to go and he tells me that he'll add it on the next time. I will be back, either for valentina or someone else.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 24th December 2013, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Locanto ad,





			
				HOT HOT HOT - EXOTIC & SENSUAL AUSSIE - EURO BABES - 21

Hey Boys,
You Will Find, Happiness Comes So Easily When U Melt Away With Our Sensual Relaxation Massage. !

VALENTINA 22- Italian Hottie - Slim very busty long brown hair blue eyes model face, very ....... & sexy plus
SHYANE 21- French/Mauritian chick - Athletic,Busty, Sultry Brown Eyes & short brown hair. Cheeky & playful
MOLLY 22- UK Babe - Athletic Very Busty Blonde down to earth sensual & sassy .
LILAH 21 - Aussie -Tall,sexy slim, long sandy blonde hair busty, a very erotic sensual seductive & ....... angel
NAMI 21 - Japanese Candy - Slim Sultry amazing smile, busty & does an amazingly Seductive massage..

We know how to give you the right massage to ease & relax your body....
It Will Make You Feel So Much Better, .....Try It..... You’ll See... :-)

so hurry Boys give us a call on....0426887309
Please note for privacy reasons photos are only a representation of the therapists working and that therapists change daily , reception will provide you with an accurate discretion of therapists working on the day thank you.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 24th December 2013, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: japan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like you are very rich !!! 200 just for extras plus massage which is non existence, If you keep paying what they ask then no one will visit them as it's not normal price. It will also give them confidence to ask 100 each client. 
Love the review but I think we should not pay this much money. I would pay 30 max 50 if I really really feel like mind me it rarely happens.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th December 2013, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: mrtits
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto ad say Valentina is busty but mevomu describe her with a B cup?? The max I paid for nude is $70 or sometime cheaper...depend on the girls and places as well. Cheers


Floor: #11
Post Time: 28th March 2014, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: Fletch
Post Title: 
 Kung Fu Massage - Kara
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kara

Establishment : Kung Fu Massage

Date of Visit : 18/02/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : CNR Swan & Church Sts Richmond

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50 for half an hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Slim with good curves and great bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Possibly

My experience/comments : Had seen their Ads on Locanto many times and was always a little sceptical as they advertise "hot Aussie girls".  Anyway I took the plunge and phoned to make a booking.  I was informed the price would be $50 for the half hour and I would need to negotiate with the masseuse for any extras.  Not too bad I thought.

Arrived and was shown to the room out the back and disrobed and hopped on the table.  In comes Kara and I was truly shocked as their ads didn't lie.  She was hot (IMO) with wavy blonde hair and a body to die for.  Now she's not skinny but just has the perfect shape for me with curves in all right places and an amazing rack.  Young and tight is a way I would describe it.

Went through the pricing with Kara and she offered a HJ only for $50 and prices went up from there to $150 for nude with body slides.  I am happy to stand corrected on this as I pretty much stopped listening when she was telling me the prices.

The massage starts and she does give a wonderful massage with excellent pressure in all the right places. She uses her forearms and her chest as well in the massage which I really like.  The massage was good and worth the $50.

On the flip and she continues the massage and starts on the HJ.  This I can assure you was as good as the massage provided with slow and sensual strokes building to an amazing climax.  She did allow touching but not underneath her clothes as this costs extra.

Other than the expensive extras, the only downside was that the session ended 5 or 10 minutes short of time.  I really hate this and these are the reasons I listed possibly on the "value for money/would I return" section of the template.  Also lots of oil used and no shower offered, just a wipe down with a hot towel.

If you want a really good massage with a hot (IMO) blonde Aussie chick and don't mind paying quite a bit for it, then this is for you.


