Thread Title: Lalor Lucky Massage - 363 High st Lalor - 0451 926 566
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2018, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: ritual
Post Title: 
 Lalor Lucky Massage - 363 High st Lalor - 0451 926 566
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tia then Eli

Establishment : Lalor lucky massage

Date of Visit : 18/04/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 363 High st Lalor 0451926566

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : 40 & 70 + extras

Age : 20 then 30

Size/shape : thin then chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : prc

Services Provided : massage hr

Value for money/recommend? : no then yes

My experience/comments :

I needed to visit my dentist on this day and saw this place next door.
I thought I'll give it a go. From outside it looked nice and neat, walking in and there were 2 girls sitting and talking, I ask for amassage and the prices, $40 for half and $70 for hr, I go with half. So into the second room I enter. I'm told to strip and wait, in enters Tia, good looking and thin, but the chubby girl is also easy on the eye.
So Tia starts with a lame half asses massage, I kind of don't care to much because I'm really there for a different kind of relief, she massages me kind of.. No teasing nothing and not even getting close to the table for a leg rub... after about 15 mins she ask's me to turn over.
She then ask's me if I want extras.. Now remember she is hot and fit so I ask what's on offer? She says hang on I'll ask WTF!!. only hj, ok how much.. I'll ask.. WTF!! 2, she comes back $30 is her response, Ok I tell her... Just wait a bit the Eli will come soon...WTF!! 3, now I've Punted for a while but never had this happen before, as you can imagine, I'm not even half aroused with this, in and out business.
I'm now thinking what have I done I should just walk.
I wait and in comes Eli, chubby but pretty, before she starts she says.. Her words.. I give hj, but I don't fuck, suck, kiss, get naked or topless.. But you can rub my bum..Wow. Ok. With all this going on my half hr is over so I say to her my time needs to be extended, or I'm gone, she agrees, 15 extra mins she says.
Before Eli starts I tell her to tease me a bit just to get me going, so she massages my inner thighs and balls this gets me going, what takes place next is the most sensual tug, her tequnique is amazing plenty of ball play and rubbing at the same time biting my nipples and some anal play, nice slow and fast action just the right pressure, but I couldn't touch her WTF! 4. It doesn't take long and I finish.
she cleans me up and I pay the extra $30 get dressed and leave.
I won't return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2019, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: 
 Lalor lucky massage - (03) 9464 4946 - 363 high st lalor
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : linda/lina?

Establishment : lalor lucky massage

Date of Visit : 18/2/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 363 High St, Lalor

Phone : (03) 9464 4946

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $40 half hr + extras

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : average, short nothing special

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage + hj

Value for money/recommend? : decent and cheap

My experience/comments : 

Stop past here on the way home from work, need to stop at the woolies next to it so also needed a quick fix!

Its a very busy road and i had to ring the doorbell and wait to be let in, i hate this feeling! Head down making sure you dont get seen by anyone you may know!

Door opened by an average looking asian, wasnt too fussed at this time i wanted to see if the nassage was actually decent or not, ive been wanted to find a place that can do a killa massage as well as help 'release' the tension,

Anyway, $40 half hr, shown into the first room, quite large and bit run down, this room had 2 doors to get in n out which i found bit weird,

Strip down naked, linda returns, asks if i been here before, i say no but a mate reccomend to come, lies haha

Massage starts as a typical chinese style massage, firm aswell, actually felt pretty good, few flicks of the sacks on the way along, 

About 20mins has passed and i have so far received a pretty good massage, asked to flip and linda continues to massage my legs, working closer to my inner thighs, the pressure is softer and i start to bar up, it slows down and she starts to use her nails on my inner thighs, up around my groin but not touching the lil fella, she can see that im getting exited and obviously what i was there for... she asks if i want hj, i say how much, $30.. done!

Linda oils up my rock hard member heavily and starts a great slowly massage on him, both hands up and down, playing with my balls at the same time then moving to use her nails on my thighs, shes not the best to look at so i place my hands behind my head, relax and close my eyes,

She has great technique, very slow and sensual rsther than the robotic motions you would usually get at a cheap chinese place,

Anyway i realise my load all over her hands, she smiles and cleans me up, hot towel wipe down and im dressed, handed her the extra 30 and i was on my way!

Back to the car and damn that was a busy time to go wollies... took me 45mins to find what i needed wink wink!

I probs would return for a quick fix as it was cheap, but i prefer to have something beftter to look at..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st February 2019, 07:32 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How much did you pay for the extras? Cannot see anywhere unless I missed it. Thanks.
Remember whenever you go in to a place for the first time, try and read some reviews first to get an idea how much the extras are.
Then when you go there always tell them when asked, yes, I have been before, then tell them how much you paid last time for the extras, bluff them, nothing to lose. Otherwise they will try to hit you with a ridiculous price for the extras, and sadly a lot of fools pay them.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd February 2019, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Paid $30 for the extras, 
I find it hard to sewrch for reviews they may have not been updated recently, i will just go in and have a punt, after all thats the game anyway

Ill never pay the first price they say anyway, theres anyway negotiating that can be played


