Thread Title: Lana - Altona - 0470 395 366
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th February 2019, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: allan78
Post Title: 
 Lana - Altona - 0470 395 366
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana (I believe)

Establishment : Therapy Massage

Date of Visit : Thursday 14/2/2019 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ian-girls.html

Phone : 0470395366

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 10:00pm 

Rates : $70 for an hour + $80.00 for extras

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : Slim but a little curvy decent bust large c or small d

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese at a guess 

Services Provided : Massage Nude HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : Ive been out of punting for a while and got back in to it this year with a few very average visits to different shops. I was on the look out for a new shop and branched out to new suburbs to see if i can find  a decent price and service, This store is the best combo i found so far, only been on the one visit but keen to go back and see other girls.

The shop is upstairs, upon entry i was greeted by a youngish male, who quickly ushered me to a large rear room and told me strip down, girl will be in soon. So i stripped naked and layed on the massage table. after a knock on the door in enters Lana, a young slim girl with an attractive face she was wearing a puffy pink dress almost formal style, this dress made it hard to see body shape. She asked how i like the massage and started to massage my back and then my legs, to my surprise the massage was quite good and when she got to my legs, she gave a couple of very light touches to the balls and then to my surprise she just grabbed my cock in her hand and started pulling and twisting gently for a few minutes she then said turn over. Already hard she strokes my cock while asking if i want extras she then explained $30 HJ $50 topless and $70 nude. of course i go with the nude and as she strips off, i am pleased with what she was hiding with a large natural bust and nice peach shaped arse unusual for a slim young Asian to be so shapely, she proceeded with a body slide and a lot of tit to cock action she then got down to start the tug after about 5 mins in she asked if i was close and i said not really so she jumped back on in reverse cowgirl style an started a 2 hand stroking which was different to what i have experienced before, i could see a perfect looking pussy and asshole from my view she then asked do you want to eat my pussy. I Would usually say no at a cheap Asian place but after seeing it close up i couldn't  refuse she said its $10 more i agreed and she backed up a little and basically sat on my face as we got further in to it i had to hold her weight up as she started this weird twisting and grinding motion which she seemed to enjoy but was crushing my face. after a further 5-7 minutes i was so close to cumming she stopped turned around and then slowly started back with the body slide and Spanish. Im not sure if she did this on purpose or not but it did seem to prolong the experience. she then started to stair in to my eyed as she rubbed her pussy on my cock with a few sexy sounding moans and heavy breathing (probably fake) this only lasted a few minutes before i came all over both of us. she done a thorough cleanup of us both and waited for me to get dressed and hugged and kissed me goodbye. Overall a great experience with her we actually went about 10 mins over time and for a moment i thought there might of been a chance of FS. I will return to try other ladies but if that fails will go back to Lucy.


