Thread Title: Lily  - Angel star Massage, Bayswater Vic  - 0412 924 379
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2017, 12:56 AM
Poster ID: Big W
Post Title: 
 Lily  - Angel star Massage, Bayswater Vic  - 0412 924 379
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : lily

Establishment : Angel star

Date of Visit : December 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : mountain highway Bayswater 

Hours of Business : 10am til early evening

Rates : 50 for 30 min

Age : 20s

Size/shape : size 12 C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : nude massage 69 and hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : so so

My experience/comments : lily speaks fluent English. She's been in Oz since she was little. That makes conversation very easy.  She is also chatty. She wears sexy attire. Tight leather looking pants showing off her j Lo butt. Filmsy blouse showing off her ample chest. When the discussion of extras started, I knew I had to buckle under pressure. I had to see and touch those puppies..the extras were not cheap. 90 bucks.  She stripped off. It was worth the 90 bucks. She started to play with my willy. It went from semi to full mast.  She jumped on and swing herself. How can I resist tasting her slit.  Clean and wet in no time at all. I could not hold off and release my soldiers in her expert hand

Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th April 2017, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: 
 729 Mountain Hwy Basywater
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Forget to ask here name

Establishment : 729 mountain highway, Bayswater, vic 3153 

Date of Visit : 29 March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-masseuse.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $75 per hour

Age : 30 - 40ish

Size/shape : Average size body, quite plump boobs, average looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : Don't know for sure but from her accent, she could be a thai

Services Provided : Massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  NOT if you're after a non-dodgy looking place.

My experience/Comments:

A few days before the day I was looking at locanton in the h ope of finding a good massage that will do extra.  After looking around locanto links, decided to try this one out.  Texted them and she said there are a korean and a thai mixed brazilian (or something.  Seriously!).  Drove there without deciding which one, parked and landed in the shop through a backdoor where I parked my car.  Inside was so quite and saw a girl lying down on a sofa covering herself with a jacket.  Upon making hello noise, she woke up and greeted me.  Another girl also walked out of a room and greeted me in a perfect english, tall and very skinny.  I settled the payment and the lying-down girl offered her to do the massage or otherwise I have to wait.  It turned out the other option is this tall and skinny girl.  So i decided to go with her.

Massage is very good.  She is a bit quiet probably because of her english.  She tried to talk but I had trouble understanding her accent while I did enjoy the massage.  Once finish she offered me nude HJ for $70.  So I thought what the hell, let's do it!  Open opened up her dress she has quite a body and nice boobs too.  Being a boob man I nejoyed sucking on her beautiful looking nipple while she seems to enjoy the works.  She finally moved on to link and suck my nipple to while continuing her up and down movement on my shaft until it finished.

Overall, she's not bad looking despite her english.  Massage from her was nice.  After all I always sympathize with massage girl cause if they do it properly you can hear how heavy her breathing is.  I can hear her heavy breathing while she did my back with elbow, finger presses, etc.    I love to go back however I don't like the place, it looks really dodgy.  Most of all, I just found out that my missus's friend's restaurant is only next door! SHIT!!  so nope, can't go back in case I ran into her while on the way.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th April 2017, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Pakcabul


Person's Name : Forget to ask here name

Establishment : 729 mountain highway, Bayswater, vic 3153 

Date of Visit : 29 March 2017
..................................................  , can't go back in case I ran into her while on the way
"""



Always ask and remember the provider's name; reviews without such name are not any use and do not count.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th April 2017, 08:53 PM
Poster ID: hottscout
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They bait and switch with names here anyway. They run 3 shops that  I know of, and the girls will change names for each shop. Today was one such time that they tried it on me again, so i questioned it and walked, and then got told by message that " you can't book specific girls or choose girls, it's not a brothel." So according to Kelly/Jenny/mango and whatever other names she uses. You have no right to choose who you you get a massage from.You pay your money and take what you get. 

Sent from my GT-P5220 using Tapatalk


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd June 2017, 03:59 AM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey hottscout, can you clear your inbox please mate.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th July 2017, 11:26 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Going back to this thread and re-read it, I can't believe that what other described was completely different girls than I had before.  I kinda regretted not asking the girl's name and thought maybe other reviewers describe similar one.  iT IS NOT! By the way that visiting day, there was another her girl who is supposedly Korean but she speaks perfect english, an Asian who grow up here. She is not my type cause she is very skinny and tall.  I can only guess the one that did me could be a Thai, Viet or Filo


