Floor: #2
Post Time: , 
Poster ID: 
Post Title: None
Post Content: 



Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd August 2017, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: santman76
Post Title: 
 Kim - Evergreen Massage, Brunswick East - 03 99957166
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim


Establishment : Evergreen Massage  85 Holmes St Brunswick



Date of Visit : 20 July 2017



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://nt.locanto.com.au/ID_12108962...E-MASSAGE.html



Hours of Business : 7 Days 10am to 9pm.



Rates : Special when I went $40 for 30min



Age : Late 20's



Size/shape : Athletic



Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese



Services Provided : Massage, Handjob, Naked, Touching



Value for money/recommend? : Yes and Yes



My experience/comments : Dropped the car off nearby for a windscreen repair and had 30min to kill, he gave me a voucher to use at a cafe up the road for a complimentary coffee. As I was walking up to the cafe I noticed a massage shop, typical flashing neons and thought what the hell. Crossed the road and they had some signs pointing to a winter special, $40 for 30 min. Perfect  

 Walked in, (mind the step btw) and the desk was unattended. A mamasan quickly came to the counter, I told her about the situation and booked the half hour. I paid before the booking and she took me to a room, she actually told me for next time that there is a back entrance and that she will send in a girl.  

 I striped down, the room was really cozy and warm. In walked Wendy. To look at she was nothing special, she had an athletic body but average face. She jumped straight into the massage and gave me the option of oil, which I thought was nice as they don't have a shower and I had to return to the car. Wendy started around the shoulders and the massage was much better then I was expecting, extremely relaxing and well thought out. It probably lasted about 20 when she asked me to flip. She grabbed junior and started the tug, before even asking what I would like or even pricing. A little into she told me clothed handjob is 30 topless with touching is 50. I went the 50 option and she removed her top and continued till release. It wasn't as sensual as I'm used to and just felt by the books. She had a few wipes to clean up, a peck on the cheek and I was off to get that coffee and back to my car


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th August 2017, 01:01 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
pity the voucher wasn't for Evergreen rather than coffee


