Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th February 2018, 07:43 AM
Poster ID: 6uldv8
Post Title: 
 Little Lemon Massage Bulleen Plaza  Shop 35B  9972 7585 / 0406 556 866
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Saba Massage Shop 35B Bulleen Plaza

Date of Visit : 16 Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.bulleenplaza.com.au/health--beauty

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $50 for 30 minute massage

Age : 50

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BBBJ, sex, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I read on another forum that this lady provides full service so I decided to check her out. I made a booking. It was a blind booking because I never met her before. As soon as I got in the room I asked about full service and she freaked out about it. Perhaps I should have been more tactful. "Did you tell my boss about this?" I said, "no", truthfully. But she does not speak English all that well and so a lot of time was spent convincing her that her boss does not know she provides full service and she won't get in trouble. She then asked how much I wanted to pay for full service and then walked out, for me to get undressed. When she returned I offered $150 more (30 minute booking and on top of the $50 I already paid for the massage), which she accepted. 

Immediately, she started with passionate tongue kissing, which soon got me horny. Followed by a great BBBJ.  Unfortunately it is a massage table, rather than a bed. I fucked her standing up, while she lay with her legs apart. Her pussy was nice and tight. Then on to doggy, with her standing up and bending over the massage table.

Her pussy felt so good, it didn't take me long to cum. Then, a relaxing massage to finish.

On the negative side, Nancy has tatts on her stomach and lower back, as well as fake boobs. I'm not a fan of this, and her boobs were obviously fake.

Nancy provided a very rare and exciting extra as part of the service and so it was good value. You will have to guess what I mean by that.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th February 2018, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Also on the negative side from what I can see, you paid her $200 all up. Bit expensive I reckon.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th February 2018, 11:46 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by 6uldv8


Nancy provided a very rare and exciting extra as part of the service and so it was good value. You will have to guess what I mean by that
"""



Any clue what that is ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th February 2018, 07:56 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sribrah


Any clue what that is 
"""



I am guessing Bareback.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th February 2018, 10:17 AM
Poster ID: adl260461
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My guess is she squirts like a garden hose


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th February 2018, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My guess is she copped one up the coit. 
My 2nd guess is she gave him a 'Veronica'.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th February 2018, 12:51 PM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My guess, she handed you a Excellent Performance award, signed and laminated?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd May 2019, 01:18 PM
Poster ID: bailixi
Post Title: 
 Nana - Little lemon massage, bulleen plaza - 0406 556 866
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :nana

Establishment : little lemon massage at bulleen plaza

Date of Visit : 22/5

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : 80 hr

Name:nana

Age : 40sth

Size/shape :slim and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : anything depends what u paid

Value for money/recommend? :it is ok

phone:

My experience/comments : looking for a good massage around doncaster  area but not very successful. yesterday I had a lunch at bulleen plaza and after that I walked around the plaza and found a sign flashing at the back of the plaza I realize this could be a goog massage shop.the name is little lemon massage funny name anyway.the door is not locked and you can just walked in rather discreetly.i walked in and there is display sign say the girl is in service and will be back in 10 minutes.the lounge is quite small and there is an arm chair so I just sit in.there is a toilet in the front.few minutes later a 40th thai lady walk out and ask what I want I choose an hour and paid for 80 and was led into a room.when I was into the room there is a guy in blue shirt walking out must have a good time I thought.first time here wasnot sure what sort of service provided and it seems the lady is the only girl here so I just laid down with my birthday suit. the lady walk in she is quite attractive she start pouring a lot oil on my back and start massage my back.the quality of massage is so so.the she ask me to turn around and ask me I  like to do extra I say yes and damage is 100 and she strip her skirt off an she is busty. she start doing the blow job without condom  I really like this and I strat kiss her big boob and amazing this is not a fake one. she then finish me with the blow job.i walk out the shop and find the customer having coffee next door outside. a good massage shop but I think wont be here for long time so happy punting while it still there.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th June 2019, 06:19 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda...maybe Nancy

Establishment : Little Lemon

Date of Visit : 24th June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Bulleen Plaza Shop 35B

Phone : 0402556866

Hours of Business : 10 till 7

Rates : $50 for half hour

Age : 40 ish

Size/shape : Size with Ds..medium height 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude Body to body, daty and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Mmmm Good

My experience/comments : 
I was on my way back from running some errands when I thought to try this punt.
The shop as previously discussed is on the outside of the shopping centre near the entry and a coffee shop.

Entering, it looked like a good set with toilet, waiting area but no shower. Must admit it is a big draw card.

Linda? Was standing behind the counter wearing a track suit with average looks. I was ready to leave but I though why not and booked 30 minutes. Really I wanted Nana as per the previous review.

Entered the room and stripped and after little bit of fluffing around she came in still in the track suit..OK

The massage began with her wiping me down with a warm towel with attention to my legs and crack. Covering me with a towel and a little bit over touching on my back. Chatting about if I had been before and I said the obvious yes and said it was a different name before. The massage continued with lotion on my legs as she lifted the towel to expose my arse and legs whilst climbing aboard with lots of attention to my arse and crack to get me aroused, which she did.

All the time my face was down and turned to compliment her on her technique to find not in her track suit but a nightie.
Mmmmm...beautiful breasts that need to exposed..she asked for how much I would offer.. she said no to fs but agreed to the rest for 100...seems to be the usual nowadays which makes brothels better value..

Those breasts sagged nicely with big areolas, they looked real but on feeling they may have been an enhancement. Her pussy was a delight with a light strip which lubricated very quickly. She climbed on top and began the sacred ritual of which l blew till no end . 

The thing I noticed were the tattoos on her stomach and lower back when leads me to think it was Nancy with a different stage name.

Overall a good punt but like more for $150..maybe if it was an hour..


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 07:21 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes Elfang, certainly sounds like Nancy with another stage name, the extras too are the same as she charged, and thats why I never ventured over there. Too expensive.


