Thread Title: Little Viet Massage - Berwick - 0416 833 815
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th October 2019, 12:35 AM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: 
 Little Viet Massage - Berwick - 0416 833 815
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Thi

Establishment : Private Residence Garage

Date of Visit : October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/berw...age/1207655879

Phone : 0416833815

Hours of Business : 9am - 8pm 6 Days a week

Rates : $50 for 1 hour

Age : Mid 30's 

Size/shape : Small/Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage - Relaxation & Lomi Lomi

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : Saw this ad on Gumtree and decided it was worth a visit. Easy to make booking via text and was quick to reply.

Arrived at the location on time and was greeted by Thi as I was walking up the driveway, she led me to the studio which is in the garage. Her English wasn't great and had trouble understanding her a few times, but we managed to work things out. We got in the room, it was quite dark with the curtains closed, but she said I can get undressed to underwear or take underwear off and then get on table with towel which she used to drape me with. I decided to go with Lomi Lomi massage and she was very good, nice pressure and the strokes flowed nicely. The whole massage was very professional and no touches anywhere to be had. She used warm towels to wash off oil. Upon the flip she held up towel and then draped well. Then I thought we might be seeing a bit of action here when she used the towel to slide up and down my front. She would grab the towel either side and push it up about 6 inches, then grab again a bit lower and push up again and this happened a number of times while her hands either side going past my groin, then she would go back the other way. Being naked meant the old fella was getting a bit of a work out and I was getting a semi. I thought we might be in with a chance of something extra. Then she draped me again and did massage and would get right in to the creases of my leg/groin area, but not touch the old fella. I thought if I just give the towel a slight tug it will expose the old fella and she might do something, so when I decided to give the towel a tug she noticed and put her hand on mine to stop me, so I decided to leave it alone. Again finishing she used a warm towel to wash of any oil and also finished off with the pushing up of the towel and back again which got me a little aroused, but she wasn't interested in anything else. I didn't ask and she didn't offer. While I was getting dressed she was talking to someone outside, when I walked out there she introduced me to her husband and we were talking about some health issues mentioned during the massage. So I think I've taken one for the team, I don't think there are any extras on offer here and not sure if the husband is always there at the end of the massage. All in all a very good massage and felt nice and relaxed and for a good price.


