Thread Title: Lotus day spa - Moonee Ponds - 0452 188 665
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2018, 09:05 PM
Poster ID: ethanle
Post Title: 
 Lotus day spa - Moonee Ponds - 0452 188 665
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Lotus Day Spa, Moonee Ponds. VIC

Date of Visit : 16th August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 3 / 533 Mt Alexander Rd, Moonee Ponds.  https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...nee-Ponds.html

Phone : 0452 188 665

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $70

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nude Massage, Rusty Trombone, CBJ, HJ, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and No.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Walked in and was greeted a mature lady, looks not so great. So I asked if there were any other girls available and was told they were busy. Thought maybe no and as I turned around to walk out, she quickly told me to come into the room. As i entered she said, what do you want? blow job? sex? I lick you arse? Finger in bum?

Got me at rimming so bargained at $70 for a 15min massage and the above services mentioned.

After handing over money, I was told to undress and she would return. As she entered she undressed herself and at that point I kind of regretted my decision to stay. Saggy b cups with long nipples, bit of a stomach and a flat arse. But it was too late. As I laid naked on the table I was told to get on my knees and bend over, a few wipes of my arse with wet wipes and she was rimming the fuck out of me then reached over with soft tug. While that lasted for a good 5 minutes, she told me to flip over where she dommed me and started hoovering with plenty of ball play. Her CBJ was quite poor and before I knew it she took the dom off and started to tug me.. I then said I haven't blown? She replied, I already lick your bum and give you blow job. Now we just finish handjob!

Her tug was so rough I had to tell her your fucking up my errection to which she had to slow down, As I struggled to cum she decided to tug it against her breasts and a few minutes later I blew my load.

She wiped me down and finished off with a 15 minute massage.

--

I personally would never return, compared to other MLs. This one seems to offer alot and gives your an entree of each lol.


