Thread Title: Lucy - Altona North - 0469 711 504
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2017, 06:03 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Lucy - Altona North - 0469 711 504
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy 

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : October 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...ona-north.html 
Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $70 

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Curvy in clothes 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Just average 

My experience/comments : 

This place has been on the radar for a while ever since I was in the bank there and a shop keeper was complaining about another massage place in the square. I found myself in the area at the right time of day. For me thats around 11 or 12 ....for some reason punts that I have around that time generally have had younger girls but that could just be luck of the draw.
There is a small walk of shame if you park in the square past a fruit shop, the green grocer and his assistant seem to have eyes on who's coming and going and the professional place opposite ( I can't remember what it was)has a direct line of sight into the stairway opposite.

Once inside its a very average place with makeshift partitions and girls coming and going through the couple of rooms they have. 
Lucy if I recall correctly ushered me into room that reminded me of Annie's in Market st all those years ago. The massage table was in the kitchen area surrounded by a curtained wall barely 1500 high. This could be a bit of fun, getting jerked of while girls made their their tea or had lunch. 

Asked to undress I did so and Lucy came back to say room ready now so walked to a room sans clothes and lay on the bed. Another girl came in not the one who did the intro and I booted her out. The one thing I do on a regular basis is confirm who is doing the massage. Lucy said she was and whilst she wasn't the most sunning she was acceptable the other wasn't.
I would suggest Lucy was in charge and came back in saying "other girl very good service" my reply was if not you I will go. Lucy stayed.

Not a bad massage, not the best but not bad. 
A negotiated $30 for a topless HJ mainly because her puppies looked good under a tight sweater. I should've saved $10 and left the sweater on. Droopy soft and stretched would be an accurate description which did nothing for my libido..

She tried to rush me but at my insistence she slowed it down "I can't cum if you go fast" is my standard in these instances and it generally works a treat. 
The clean up was average at best. 
As I walked down the stairs I passed 2 others going up. I know what they were in for. Should I warn them....nah....they may have gone for a legit massage hehe. 

WIR not likely


