Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th May 2018, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: chaserone
Post Title: 
 Lucy - Happy Hands Massage, 10/6 Rebound Court Narre Warren 0459 255 598
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Happy Hands Massage

Date of Visit : 7/5/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0459255598 

Hours of Business : (advertised) 10am to 8pm

Rates : $75 an hour (establishment) + extras (from the lady)

Age : Mid 30s

Size/shape : reasonably sized breasts possibly C cup.  slim, petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, hand job, thigh fuck

Value for money/recommend? : Not really value for money but recommended as it was good.

My experience/comments : 

This was my 2nd trip to Happy Hands Massage, my first was at lunch earlier in the day when it was busier and I caught a glimpse of Lucy who was one of the more attractive ladies on duty.  She was unfortunately busy during lunch so I had my massage with an unnamed lady which was ordinary, and offered me a hand job which I declined.

Anyway, I returned after work hours and managed to book Lucy for an hour.  It started with a strong massage (which I liked).  After about 40 minutes, she stopped and asked if I wanted extras. For an additional $100 she would strip down and provide a hand job.  To which I agreed.   

When she stripped down, she proceeded to give me a hand job while I caressed her body.   After a while, I managed to convince her to lay on the massage table while I explored her body, she accepted my fondles and kissing (all over her body).  I could tell that she was also excited as she got reasonably wet in the pussy.  She allowed me to finger her, however she declined sex.   We came to a compromise however where she closed her legs and allowed me to fuck her thighs.  It was actually quite enjoyable, and at this juncture I requested the extension of the booking with the establishment for an additional half hour for $50 as the time was almost up.  I spent the remainder of the time fucking her thighs until I came.   All in all, it was a good experience.  There was an additional request for $50 for the thigh fuck, which I provided.  

At the end I gave Lucy a total of $150 for the hand job, taking off her clothes and a thigh fuck.  

While I felt that it was enjoyable, I also felt that it was a little on the steep side considering that I spent more then what I would spend at a brothel.    Lucy only works on Mondays @ Narre Warren.


