Thread Title: M Care Day Spa - Mitcham - 03 9874 2968
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2018, 12:58 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: 
 M Care Day Spa - Mitcham - 03 9874 2968
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  CiCi (I think)

Establishment : M Care Day Spa

Date of Visit : Early Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 24 Station St Mitcham

Phone : 9874 2968

Hours of Business : 10-8 most days

Rates : $45/30 min

Age : 20's

Size/shape : slim/petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
I've been here a few times and always had some great service. Once with an amazingly talented older lady so that's what I had in mind when I arrived about 30min before closing time. A young fairly attractive lady greeted me and I asked to use their bathroom. After feeling more comfortable I came back into the hallway and no one was around. I found the staff room door ajar and peeked in. There was the young girl on her phone and an older woman in a nice tight white dress on a laptop. I politely knocked and young girl jumped up and showed me to the room. I asked if I could see the other lady. Unfortunately there was another young less attractive girl who then came to my room. I tried to explain that i wanted the older lady. Eventually we got the message correct and the older lady came in. She asked why I wanted to see her and I suggested that I've seen her before. She looked puzzled and said she normally doesn't do the massages but she could if I really wanted her to but it would "only be a massage". Damm - the deal breaker - I decided on the first girl eventually. And was told to strip off etc. Time was getting on and I've heard of other guys doing this so I thought I'd give it a crack as older lady had intimated that the young girls do extras. I stripped off, put my change on the end of the table and lay face up on the table and assisted myself in getting a boner in full view. Young Cici (I think that was her name) entered the room, had a look and didn't flinch! She got the oil and started around my stomach and upper thighs, quickly pointing at said boner and asked "you want massage here?" Of course! I negotiated an extra $30 for that (it was $50 to go nude but I din't have enough cash) and she was straight into it. Realising that my half hour may be over in five minutes, I stopped her and asked for a back massage which she did an OK job of. Some nice crack and sack play and then rolled over once again to finish off a fun 30 minutes!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th December 2018, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I believe this is the Cici who worked at Huntingdale rd, Huntingdale 1st floor.  A couple weeks ago they told me she had gone back to home country. That of course may mean the end of her here too, but then again it may not.


