Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th January 2016, 03:01 PM
Poster ID: golfer18
Post Title: 
 Maggie - Camberwell - 0468 834 567 / 03 9882 7110
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : Thai Hand from Heaven - 17 Cookson Street Camberwell

Date of Visit : 13/1/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_5561991...nal-model.html

Hours of Business : 10 - 8

Rates : $70 60mins

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Tall, slim, fake tits - used to have a penis!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Didn't get to find out - read on

Value for money/recommend? : Unless you like chicks with dicks!

My experience/comments : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]This doesn't count as a review as nothing happened so will let the moderators decide what to do.[/COLOR]


Saw this ad some time ago and saved it for another time.  Today was that day. Messaged Maggie who replied that she was available this afternoon.  She gave me the address.  She assured me the pics on the ad were 100% genuine
After a few minutes, I had some recollections of this address as being a bit suss so checked other forums for some more info.  Well, you can imagine my trepidation when it was the same address in Camberwell that has ladyboys mentioned in other reviews. Didn't know what to do so thought fuck it, I will message Maggie and just ask her as other punters have said you can ask the shop and they will let you know.  So that's what I did. She replied, no she wasn't.  I did feel better but was still somewhat apprehensive.  
So as the little brain was telling me to make a decision I thought I would go along. I could always walk if I sensed something was not right.
I arrived at the shop and the guy with a baseball hat was behind the counter.  He seemed very harmless so I just came out and asked him if there were any ladyboys working today and if so what their names were.  Guess what name he came back with?  Yep, Maggie.
I think I may have left an imprint in the carpet I turned and bolted that quickly.  Any blood in the small brain quickly evaporated.  It was too bloody hot to think about an alternative venue so I just came home for a swim and some beers.
I've since checked her photos again and all I can see is a dick in her pants.  I think I may have got enticed by the slim body in the pics. Fortunately no damage was done apart from my ego.  'Caveat Emptor' - let the buyer beware.


If I'm not the first one to have experienced this then one has to assume that this place, and the other shops in Oakleigh and Northcote may be the same.  I feel I have been scarred for life by this near 'ladyboy' experience.  Don't know if I will ever recover - unless I go see Jessie or Sophie again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th January 2016, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It is true it not a review but I think it is worth leaving here until someone tries and verifies one way or the other.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th January 2016, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: Million Dollar Man
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow, there were 2 different occasions I tried to book this 'lady'. but in the end both times she wouldn't reply back to confirm a booking and reading this, I can thank my lucky stars, because of her not replying, I ended up going to meet Sophie. Wise choice by me.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st January 2016, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by golfer18


  If I'm not the first one to have experienced this then one has to assume that this place, and the other shops in Oakleigh and Northcote may be the same.  I feel I have been scarred for life by this near 'ladyboy' experience.  Don't know if I will ever recover - unless I go see Jessie or Sophie again
"""



Really, doesn't take much for you then.


