Thread Title: Maria - New Asia Massage,Ascot Vale - 0416 338 919
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2017, 01:21 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Maria - New Asia Massage,Ascot Vale - 0416 338 919
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maria

Establishment : New Asia Massage

Date of Visit : Tuesday 20/06/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 287 Maribynong Road, Ascot Vale Victoria tel:0416338919 but they never answer it. Walk in is the go.

Hours of Business  10:00am-10pm, 7 Days (I think  but not 100% sure)

Rates : $50. For 1/2 & I chose to donate another $50. at the beginning of the session.

Age : Mid forties

Size/shape : Medium size, not fat, tall for Vietnamese. Smallish tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity :Asian/ Vietnamese

English : Very poor

Services Provided :Massage, nude, light kissing, DATY, tit feel & sucking, pussy play on outside, HJ.

Value for money/recommend? Yes

My experience/comments : 

I went here on a Monday & I was greeted by a lying bitch with an extremely aggressive attitude, so I walked.

Apparently Maria only works on a Tuesday. Following a gold tip off, iI gave her a burl last Tuesday.

She is a round faced Vietnamese woman, with a happy disposition. 

I am hopeless at guessing ages, particularly Asian women. So take my guess with a grain of salt. I reckon she is mid forties.

She is not overly attractive. She is not fat but IMO her body is only just ok. However, no one ever mistakes me for George Clooney. 

This joint looks legit on the outside. After I jingle jangled through the front door, the inside had RnT written all over it.

Maria calls out a cheery hello from out the back. She enters reception with a beaming smile & pretends she knows me. I pretend back, but I make sure I confirm that her name is Maria. "Oh yes yes I Maria. You want massar ? You want massar?" Oh yes please. "Half hower? You want half hower?"
Oh yes thank you that would be very nice thank you. 

She did not try to upsell me, which I thought was nice. 
She led me into a small dark massage room. 

Despite the language difficulty  I think she managed to quote me $50. for 1/2. When I was half undressed she asked for the money. I got flustered trying to pull money out of a hip pocket with my daks around my knees. Thankfully, she left the room. I plonked 2 pineapples under the dingy lamp.

I nuded up and nearly barred up, and sat on the side of the table. She quickly returned, noticed the dosh, smiled and directed me to lie down.

I ignored her instruction and guided her to stand between my legs. We embraced and I kissed her neck. She is very affectionate, which I really like.

She responded by unzipping the back of her dress. More GFE type playing, and soon she was naked. We continued in this vane for a while, and when I kissed & licked her tits and nipples, she reached down & grabbed my honker.

I positioned myself so that she could not start the pulley pulley just yet. It was time for me to pay some attention to her main attraction. 

She lapped up the clit & pussy lips play. Her moans seemed real, but who really knows ? She did not want finger insertion, but cheerfully co-operated by opening her legs.

She is quite submissive, and takes guidance and direction well. I patted the table,  and she eagerly climbed aboard, lay on her back, knees up, legs apart.

I interpreted her body language to mean that she was begging for me to give her a good old fashioned going over. Her whole cunt area was dripping wet. 

I chowed down and got stuck into a several course banquet. The slight odour of her juices took a bit of getting used to. IMO it is far better than having to deal with the fakeness of half a gallon of lube up their fanny.

I could pretty much choose my own menu as I chomped away. Her clit, pussy lips & hole were given a comprehensive licking & pashing. Her perineum and freckle were particularly sensitive. 

The main course consisted of me mouth washing all areas in unison until I was exhausted.
I honestly don't know if she cum or not. 

Although she is not a screamer, she was moaning & groaning loudly, and squirming her body in all sorts of directions.

When I came up for air, my face was covered in her juices. She delicately wiped me clean. I secretly hoped that Vietnamese mickey juice on my face might have an anti ageing effect. Nope ? Oh well I'll keep trying.

After the clean up we resumed  our side of the table position.  Again no insertion was her preference so I didn't try.

I rubbed my knob against her clit & she was more than ok with that. It was now time for some mutual friction.  I rubbed her clit, and she rubbed my cock.

She jerked me in perfect unison with my clit stroking. I was also kissing her neck and sucking her tits. It was all very GFE. However, she strongly resisted DFK, which I found a bit illogical considering the rest of the performance.

As things got heated up so too did our our mutual jerking. It eventually culminated in us jack hammering each other like there was no tomorrow. 

Again, I don't know if she got her rocks off or not. I certainly did, and I made enough noise to wake up the rest of Ascot Vale.

Maria is a delightful woman who smiles & giggles & laughs a lot. Whilst she is a genuinely happy & obliging person, I suspect some of her gaiety is a cover up for her having almost no idea of English language.

I am glad I experienced Maria. Whilst she gave terrific GFE  service, I was disappointed about no DFK. 

I was not concerned that BJ & FS were not offered. I did not try. I am pretty sure that repeat visits would render a full menu.

WIR ? Not sure, North West suburbs is a bit inconvenient for me.

She indicated business is slow. She is a lovely person and gives a fantastic service. 

Her massage skills? Dunno we never got around to it.

Apparently she is a bit YMMV. I know another punter who, IMO, she has the hots for. He does a bit better than me. 


I am quite happy with what ever she is comfortable with.
She is a gem & deserves our respect.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th June 2017, 08:03 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"I secretly hoped that Vietnamese mickey juice on my face might have an anti ageing effect".  Hahaha - don't we all.

A great comprehensive report Pancho on a compliant and interactive ML. Good to know if I'm ever in the area (except for Monday's).


