Thread Title: Massage Spa - 99 Buckley st Essendon - 0431 037 673
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th November 2019, 07:37 PM
Poster ID: Chupacabra
Post Title: 
 Massage Spa - 99 Buckley st Essendon - 0431 037 673
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina 

Establishment : Massage Spa 

Date of Visit : 9/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 99 Buckley st Essendon 
https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...every-day.html

Phone :0431037673

Hours of Business : 10:00am -9:30pm

Rates : 60mins/$80 plus extra 

Age : 29?

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage and BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : maybe 

My experience/comments : Saturday arvo after a hair cut I was itchy for a punt. Decided to give a go this place near Essendon Station. I texted the phone number and I got a reply two girls available. When I arrived to the shop, Tina showed the way to the room. My first impression of Tina big girl sexually attractive not my type but what the hell we only live once. I gave it a go. So I played the innocent card, I asked Tina if I leave my undies on..  She replied take off everything.. She started the massage nice and soft with lots of tickle on my ass crack and balls.. Hahaha.. I was doing the same thing trying to reach her pussy and ass. She knew I wasn't an amateur punter. Straight away she asked if I want a BJ. OK but how much are we talking about she said $80 naked. I continued playing with her big tits when she got naked OMG Tina will change to Big Tina.  She went straight to my fellow down there and start sucking it. Her technique average. I did make sure she swallowed the whole thing.  Also I was fingering her pussy  and rubbing her anus. Not complaining from her. I did try to put more than one finger even a bit of fist but she said no. Big pussy looks like a big Hot Tamale. For almost 15 mins I was fingering her pussy that she put a bit of oil just to lubricate it a bit more. She came couple of times maybe fakes ones but who knows.. She sucked my cock for more than 15 mins and she said why I don't come.. I replied just continue with your job. She looked at the clock  and time was almost up.  But still no finishing from me..  I left with blue balls but what the heck. I almost fist her pussy.  Overall experience average I might return to check the other girl. When I was leaving, saw her with another punter.. She seems alright.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th November 2019, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: Chupacabra
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Big girl Tina 

Establishment : 99 Buckley st massage Essendon 

Date of Visit : 23/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...every-day.html

Phone :0431037673

Hours of Business : 10a.m until 9:00p.m

Rates : 50 for 30  mins  FS 100

Age : 29 but now way!!!could be more.. 

Size/shape : not extra pounds but extra tones in the middle region. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : only if you desperate..  Well I was 

My experience/comments : My second visit to this mob. I was looking to see the other skinny girl.  I haven't seen her face but body looks all right.  I adventured myself and Tina came to greed me. Oh  no....  Was waiting the other girl.  Anyway she said come in.. The funny thing was she opened the first room where the other skinny girl was with another punter..  F@*k  I saw the other punter ass wide open so embarrassed. Hahaha.. Funny moment. Went to the other room and I can still hear the other punter and WL talking about it.. I was laughing what a funny moment. I told Tina locked that door I don't want anything like happened to me.  Well massage started from neck to my butt. Again she gave me hints but brushing my ass crack. Every time she did that my left or right hand were trying to play with her pussy..  She said don't touch me only me can touch you..  Yeah sure.  On the flip she asked me for the service I replied  I want FS for 100 Mexican pesos. She looked at me wondering for more but that body it was too much money. I was so horny and desperated. She came back with a condom and body slide but that extra meat in the middle region OMG.  Too much meat for my like. Her boobies so big understandable Big Tina.  Her pussy so frinking big that my head can fit in there. Big  big cave that my cock look so small. The only way to find this attractive doggy style. For 15 mins I fucked her doggy style big ass wide open and my fingers were tickling it.  Then boom!! finished. She cleaned me up and done..   I just left back door. Went to the bottle shop to get some really strong beers to  think what I have done...  Hahaha. Anyway  it is the past now.. Hehehe   will a return maybe for the other girl..


