Thread Title: massage 401 Buckley street essendon
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2017, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: allan78
Post Title: 
 massage 401 Buckley street essendon
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Reanna

Establishment :  Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 2/3/17

Contact Details/Address/ 401  buckley street essendon

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 60min / $70 

Age : Around early 20s

Size/shape : Slim with nice c cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : R&T
Value for money/recommend? : fair

My experience/comments

Dropped in to a new shop Ive never seen before not sure of name will update that as i go past next time as i work in the area regularly. Upon entry was greeted by a chubby Asian girl with tattoos, she was very friendly and showed me to a room and told me i was in luck as the girl available never disappoint's. I strip off and wait for her to come in, The girl knocks and comes in she is hot as hell wearing little shorts and a gray top showing what appears to be a massive rack, she looks at me standing there naked and takes a second glance at my junk and says lay down big boy, the massage was good with good firm pressure on the shoulders. on the flip there was a massage of the legs then hips with her on top where she offered $50 Hj or $100 nude b2b and Hj i agreed to the nude she strips off and says don't touch pussy, which i agreed to and then it took a turn for the worst with me instantly noticing she was wearing the best magic bra Ive ever seen and her boobs were a small c or large b cup. Then with on of the most limp wrist-ed excuses for a hand job that i struggle to stay erect during the 15 - 20 minutes of her trying, there was no personality or even a smile she seemed uncomfortable with the situation even though she was encouraging touching. She did have nice boobs with great nipples but the half heartiness in which she performed the hand job wasn't enough to get me over the line before we ran out of time.

she said she has worked there for about a month not sure if she was new to it or has worked at other venues. If she smiled and showed a little personality during the extras she would be an awesome punt, unfortunately that means 2 disappointing punts this week for me. i am interested in going back to this place as on the way out i seen a couple other girls there that were hot as well with killer bodies so i am hoping next time the service isn't so mechanical.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd March 2017, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think you are referring to 417 Buckley St...


