Thread Title: Massage stables - mill park - 0470 353 439
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st February 2019, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: 
 Massage stables - mill park - 0470 353 439
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : sunny

Establishment : massage stables

Date of Visit : 21 feb 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...mill-park.html

Mill park stables shopping centre

Phone : 0470353439

Hours of Business : 10 - 8pm

Rates : $50 half an hr

Age : late 30s maybe 40s

Size/shape : tall, thin, flat 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : ehh for a quick jack hammer

My experience/comments :

Seen this place afew times when passing thru and stopping for lunch at these shops, the shop is located down the back so you can park around the back and head on over, theres always alot of people around with the cafes and the hotel close by so its abit of a risky one to walk into, it looks dodgy as already but luckily the door is locked so you can scoot in quickly.

In i go, door chimes ring, no one around.. i call out and a older chinese lady pops in from the back, thin, flat, short bob haircut, short shorts on with a tight top and dark black leggings on under the shorts, not much to see.

Ushered into the first room, no door just a sheet/ curtain, disposable sheet on the table, she says $50 half an hr.. i go and anything else? She say hand job $50 extra, i say too much,  $20..she says okay okay $30 extra so i hand her $80 total and strip off.

She starts with an average massage, i ask for firmer which she increased the pressure, bit of a bum massage with the intentional ball flick and crack swipes, it seems very rushed so far as it was only about 10-15mins til she asked me to flip. I wasnt turned on yet, just barely relaxed, I wasnt even on a semi. She grabs the oil and picks up my cock and goes ohhh why so soft? I raise an eye brow and say and you take top off? She kinda shrugged and didnt say anything and squeezed my balls and tryna tug at my shaft to get me hard.. nails running up and down my crack too i start to bar up, the moment i do tho she starts to jack hammer me so vigorously i thought my cock would fall off!

She leans over and puts her face near mine and looks me in my eyes and starts saying ooo baby ohh yeah oo baby you cum you cum!! Very off putting!

Not liking how this is going i blow over her hands and she says oohhhhhh yeaaahhhh baby!! Grabs wet wipes and cleans me up.

Since the financials were sorted at the start i jump up and dress quickly as she cleans up the room and table and im out in a flash..

The add does say young girls but its another misleading add..

Enter at your own risk... im not sure if there would be anything else on offer for more cash but id rather go elsewhere..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st February 2019, 07:23 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes this one is where I often go shopping but will never go in as I have friends who shop in the stables too, very risky. Plus the couple of reviews I have read were about on par with yours so hardly worth the risk for me. Hate to break the bad news to you, but the ads nearly always say young girls, reality is more often than not what you got in here.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd February 2019, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep, I've reviewed this place a couple of times in another part of the forum which you need to be Silver member, take their ads with a grain of salt, never do they have young girls and the best your going to get is a fully clothed handy, nothing more, nothing less.


