Thread Title: Mays Chinese Masage - 51 Ryrie St, Geelong Vic - 0452 434 832
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2015, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: azool
Post Title: 
 Mays Chinese Masage - 51 Ryrie St, Geelong Vic - 0452 434 832
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : May's massage

Date of Visit : April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ryrie st, geelong

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm

Rates : $50 1/2 hr +$20

Age : 45?

Size/shape : 5ft 4in/average build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage/handjob

Value for money/recommend? : Great value, facilities a bit dingy

My experience/comments :

This establishment had caught my eye when driving past a few times, mainly due to the white sheet in the front window.  With time to kill one evening after doing a spot of shopping I decided to give it a go about 7.30pm on a friday night.  On entering the parlour, it was clearly being lived in and the décor was very basic.  Greeted by a 50 something chinese lady I was asked if I wanted a massage, replied yes...of course and was shown to a room past the counter on the left.  The room was filled with all sorts of stuff but did have a table in the centre.  It felt like an old persons back storage room and being a bit messy I took the 1/2hr option when asked and handed over $50 before being left to get ready.  

Just as I was about to loose the jocks, another chinese lady enters aged in her forties.  Since I hadn't completely disrobed for some strange reason I asked if she'd like me to leave them on.  Luckily she said no!  

Her massage technique was reasonable and ironed out the sore bits.  During the rub she kept running her hand between my arse cheeks, not just a little bit but really deeply...good sign if not a bit odd.  There was little to no talking and after about 20min she said "ok you turn over now".  I rolled over and without any prompting, hand signal or asking "would you like a wristy", she immediately splashed some oil onto the old fella and started doing what she has obviously done a million times before.  Her technique was awesome using many old tricks from the spiral head twist to two hands and didn't forget the plums.  All the while she kept up with the anal theme and I finally blew while she pumped and poked at same time.  It must have been a boat load as she turned around with a "you must have enjoyed that" look on her face.  Clean up was extensive and a little bit drawn out as she was looking for something extra which I was glad to provide and threw her a $20 (big spender!).  I felt obliged as it was a great tug but you could easily leave with a smile on your face for a pineapple spend.  She was very grateful for the tip and said her name was Lucy before giving a hug, which was a bit uncomfortable knowing she had been somewhat intimate with my balloon knot!

No complaints, but haven't been back yet.


