Thread Title: Miss Nora Thai Massage - 36 Bridge Road Richmond - 03 9041 9792‬
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2018, 03:23 AM
Poster ID: jaxons
Post Title: 
 Miss Nora Thai Massage - 36 Bridge Road Richmond - 03 9041 9792‬
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sharon

Establishment : Massage Parlour

Date of Visit : 28th April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :https://www.missnora.com.au

Hours of Business : 11am to 10pm

Rates : $45 30 mins $55 for 45 and $70 for the hour - $50 extras

Age : late 20's 

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided :massage, hr

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Stopped by on Friday lunchtime as was nearby and stumbled across this place. Door was locked but after knocking A sexy Thai lady opened and said she was available as other girl was busy.

Decided to stay for half and hour and paid 45 for 30 mins. Ushered into room and a typical two beds in room and undressed and lay on one.

Starts off with some firm body pressing with a towel. Then oils up my legs with beautiful warm oil and strokes all up my legs.

Quite teasing and occasionally one finger touches my ball sack after a long stroke up.

After a great back massage she asks me to turn over and covers me with a towel which I thought not a great sign.

She then massages all up my legs getting incredibly close to my hard on and I am moaning and making it obvious I am loving it.

She asks if I would like her to focus on any area and I point to my hard on.

She asks how much am I going to pay and I gesture with theee fingers she gestures back with 5 fingers, we settle on $40 and she then gives me a very sensual finish.

Afterward she washes me down with a hot towel and I get dressed.

Overall a nice clean place and will return to try more girls.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd June 2019, 01:09 PM
Poster ID: mph998
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fifi

Establishment : Miss Nora Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 31 May 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : missnora.com.au

Phone : (03) 9041 9792

Hours of Business : 11am to 10pm

Rates : $75 per hour (card), $65 per hour (cash)

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Curvy, size 10 but very firm ass and tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was walking past this massage parlour and they had availability to slot me in for an hour. Unfortunately didn’t have enough cash on me and had to pay by card. Recommend bringing enough cash for the allotted time as they offer discounts for cash. 

I was taken upstairs to a mattress on the ground in a dark room. I stripped off nude and lay down and was greeted by a young curvy Thai girl, named Fifi. She asked me if I’d been before and asked if there was any particular areas I’d like focused on. She began with an excellent massage to the back and legs. Her long strokes and pressure into my back was excellent. Hands down, one of the best massages I’ve received in Richmond. While massages the backs of my legs there was some subtle gliding up to my butt with the occasional finger sliding up between my balls and legs. 

After a phenomenal back massage she asks me to flip and covers me completely with the towel. But sits between my legs while they are spread around her and she proceeds to massage my legs with not so subtle gliding of her hands right up towards my crotch and gliding her hands up along my balls with serious grazing and up along my length. She finishes one legs and then covers me with the towel and does the other leg the same way. By this stage I’m not hiding my excitement and really pushing against her hands. She eventually covers my leg and leans over my body applying pressure to my hips and just waited looking at me. 

She eventually asks if I want anything else and I ask what she offers. She responds with just “hands”. She advises that it’s $50, and I offer $30 since she wouldn’t do it nude. But she is not having a bar of that so I say $40 but that is my actual limit with no more cash on me. She stays firm at $50 and then goes to get a warm towel to wipe me down. She returns and then offers $40, “just for me”. I accept and she sits between my legs and oils me up and provides an excellent stimulating massage to my balls, crack, and cock. Rolling her hands over and over slowly and not leaving anything untouched. She did allow me to touch her boobs and ass which were incredibly firm, considering she was a curvy girl. I would return to see her.

Afterwards she cleaned me off and we spoke a bit about what she’s studying etc. while she changed out the sheets on the bed. 

It’s a nice place and even nicer to know they change the covers on the beds. It’s clean and the girls are attractive.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th June 2019, 08:08 PM
Poster ID: jwill2019
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Miss Nora Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 3rd June 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : missnora.com.au

Phone : (03) 9041 9792

Hours of Business : 11am to 10pm

Rates : $75 per hour (card), $65 per hour (cash)

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Average, size 8 with big tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I hadn't been to Nora Thai for a couple of weeks. Last time I saw Fifi who did a good job.

I was in Richmond last Monday and walked in. I asked for Fifi but she wasn't working. I paid for 45 mins $60 for thai massage and Amy took me to one of their rooms with a mattress on the floor.

Amy asked me where I was tight and I pointed to back. She spends a good while giving me a very decent thai back massage. After that, she lifts the towel and oils up my legs with oil and gives my legs a nice sensual massage.
Every now and then, she makes the obvious ball sack tease 

After the back massage she asks me to flip. I asked her quietly what else wass on offer and she told me it's 50 for handjob. I agreed to $50.

She proceeds with a sensual oil leg massage getting incredibly close to my boneron. She is quite good at this sensual build up massage and goes for the slow and hard hj. She lets me feel her tits through her top. They are perfect. I don't last long and come while she keeps on pumping!!

She gives me a nice hot towel wipe. I got dressed and then left a happy man


