Thread Title: Monsoon Therapies - 180c Sladen St, Cranbourne  Vic - 0400 904 369
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2014, 12:52 PM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: 
 Monsoon Therapies - 180c Sladen St, Cranbourne  Vic - 0400 904 369
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Eva

 Establishment: Monsoon Therapies 

 Date of Visit: 15/7/14

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Locanto: BOOTYLICIOUS EVA (Filo) with Amazing hand..... 

 Hours of Business: Tues - Sat, 11am to 8pm

 Rates:$80 hour basic, $120 all up

 Age: late 30's to early 40s.

 Size/shape: Sixe 14, maybe a touch more

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Philippines

 Services Provided: Massage, HR

 Value for money/recommend?: Not really

 My experience/comments:

Toad needed a real massage and always enjoys an extra so it was off to the great directory in the sky to find an offer of the first part with a hint of the second.  Settled on Eva who seems to have recently moved in tot he Cranbourne area.  The studio is easy to find - just a few doors from the local police station, fronting onto a main road!  Door has no bell and occupants seemed surprised by Toad's arrival - though not distressed.  Noted four ladies in conversation - apparently one of them owns the place and the rest seem to be subcontracting or something like that.  All were dressed in a way that pleased the eye and all seemed to be in the prime age Toad seeks - around forty plus or minus ten.

Eva is the lady in the photos and she promptly escorted us upstairs to a tiny (one of several) massage cubicle with just a curtain between us and the passage.  Hope of interesting times were fading.  Confirmed desire for a firm and somewhat therapeutic massage - and had to pay another ten for the therapeutic bit - $90 for a standard massage is getting pricey Toad thinks - she had better be good.  So on we go and the chatter soon reveals that she is about to start at massage school to learn how to do deep tissue etc.  WTF?  I just paid for these skills to be deployed on me!  Let it slide thinking best course of action now is to wait and see.  After ten minutes or so of reasonable pressure in a basis Swedish, she moves to sensual mode - which consists of scratching.  I don't mind that, so enjoyed and was able to cop a limited feel of the legs to which there was no objection.

Forty minutes or thereabouts came the flip.  Similar routine - some reasonable firm Swedish followed by the fingernails.  The latter managed to get mighty close to Toad's tool with avoidance of touch, while Toad's hand crept up the skirt to confirm a solid nylon barrier to all interesting features.  No refusal - but no access either!  By then it was pretty clear also that further action would have to be by request, so the proposition was duly put and the further sum of thirty smackeroos agreed.  More oil and away we went with an interesting combination of one hand doing a full shaft tug while the fingernails on the other continued a focused light to medium scratch on the sack and perineum.  It actually felt quite good.  The tug was not rushed and where many girls seem to focus just on the head, Eva worked the root quite firmly.  This always helps Toad build a head of steam and in due course a load was ejected with quite some force.  Quick cleanup with wet ones ensued and that was the end of the session.  Further cleanup of oil was Toad's own task, with no shower offered.

Bottom line - more promise than content, key facts omitted, delivery just acceptable but price too high.

Might be tempting to try another of the girls, but less likely as the shop is too public, with curtains not rooms and no showers.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th July 2014, 01:38 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Eva's Locanto ad,






 Originally Posted by http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_230920766/BOOTYLICIOUS-EVA-Filo-with-Amazing-hand.html

BOOTYLICIOUS EVA (Filo) with Amazing hand..... - 35

Hello boys,
When my sensual exotic massage touches your body...will leave you breathless so relaxed and unstressed. Come and have beautiful massage and get pamper your body with my magical touch...love to see you soon.

I look forward to nourishing your Body & Mind.

Shop front, clean room and very relaxing atmosphere and scent free water based oil use, leaving no residue.

New location: Monsoon Therapies
180c Sladen Street, Cranbourne Vic 3977
Working days from Monday to Saturday.
11am till 9pm
30 mins $50
45 mins $65
1 hr $80

Curvaceous, natural C cup, smooth skin, soft hand and beautiful friendly smile.

Book for an Appoinment or more information on 0400904369.

I will text back to you if I miss ur call.

STRICTLY BOOKING ONLY.


