Thread Title: Moon Club Dandenong - 03 9793 5289
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st August 2018, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: cincin
Post Title: 
 Moon Club Dandenong - 03 9793 5289
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonam

Establishment : Moon club

Date of Visit : 20/08/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 26 Rhur St, Dandenong 

Phone : (03) 9793 5289

Hours of Business : 10:30 - late

Rates : $100 30 mins

Age : mid 20s, looks young too

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian/indian

Services Provided : Full, DATY, CBJ, HJ, Shower together.  

Value for money/recommend? : yes very good

My experience/comments : This girl, Sonam is sometimes available and can be found on Moon club tweeter to see availability.
I have been looking for some yummy brown girls for a while and finally tried her. I have been to Moon club before and was impressed by good hopitality of the host(chinese man). Place is fairly clean and well lighted. Girls come as soon as u are in the private meeting room. What i like is that u first choose a girl, discuss services and price with them and pay her, she pays the host. I find this quite good practice.

Ok now for the session 
She hold my hand and guided me to the room and asked to take a shower. She went out to get $ change. She did not strip until i was in d room in my towel. She hold my hand and started kissing n touching me. Guided me to the bed and kept tickling and touching my body. i let her dominate as i seem to enjoyed this. She really gave a GFE, and not just lie back on the bed. 

She took off my towel and straight on to hj, while i was standing. Than she asked me to lie on bed and cbj, with a good lick around balls. She didnt seem to mind it at all. We continued with some positions and i slowed down(not to come too early) She didnt mind and went with the flow. Again she started with my balls and ride on me.

The bell rang - oh no i had not cum yet.

Well i out her down and went in missionary, she was ok and didnt mind d time. i cum very soon n hard.

She took shower with me, cleaned me.

Awesome chick. would c her again, oh and she allows 69, DATY, though i m not into it.


