Thread Title: My Fabulous Massage - Croydon - 9725 8368
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2018, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: 
 My Fabulous Massage - Croydon - 9725 8368
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melinda

Establishment : My Fabulous Massage

Date of Visit : 31/12/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.honee.com.au/v/melbourne...bulous-massage

Phone : 9725 8368

Hours of Business : Mon-Sat 10am -6pm

Rates : $55 for 45min

Age : late Twenties?

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage Clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I've had some nice visits here. If you don't mind the small rooms with only a curtain to the hallway and you have to always be quiet! Just dropped in in the morning and took the next available. Melinda (why the Euro names?) was bright and cheerful and I liked her smile. Settled on 45min and she got the table ready with the disposable face mask and a roll of power towel where my torso would be (never seen that one). I undressed fully and lay face down. Melinda came back and had no issue with me being undraped. Massage was quite nice but there was no flow to it - one minute doing my forearm then my ribs - all over the place. Nicest part was when she jumped between my legs and gently spread me wide open to work on my glutes. Unfortunately no crack play but it was all there for the taking! Around 30 min mark I had to question the time as she still hadn't started my legs - no problem, I'll do your the arm then your front. Now I was getting bored! Finally the flip and the usual whisper in the ear and three fingers up. She did a very skilful job - lots of eye contact and smiling. Touching was limited to rubbing her arse through her shorts. No boob action but looking at her tummy, I think she may be pregnant so I was happy to be respectful. Good value for money. I had an older lady there once who was awesome but no clue as to who that could have been.


