Thread Title: Natural Essence Of Thailand - Doncaster - 03 9848 2217
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2015, 01:21 AM
Poster ID: Umi
Post Title: 
 Natural Essence Of Thailand - Doncaster - 03 9848 2217
				
Post Content: 
Hello =) 
Person's Name : sorry forgot ._.

Establishment : Massage Parlour

Date of Visit : 21/9/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9848 2217 Welcome to Natural Essence of Thailand Site ::::

Hours of Business : MON-FRI 10am-9pm

Rates : 45 mins full body massage $65 then again $100 for 90mins.

Age : 25

Size/shape : Skinny/A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : if want a massage only.

Just to be clear before i get started with review.. i only got a massage out of it sadly.

So i've seen this place as it's my local area and always wondered if they do anything extra as i am a regular brothel visitor and thought i'd try one of these massage places.. walked in and 2 girls (leader in her 40s? and other girl who i was with in her 20s) on the couch talking so i felt out of place and cornered instantly! (keep in mind i have bad social anxiety)
she asked if was my first visit which it was and she hands me bunch of paperwork oh my ._. just email..number and if any skin/muscle problems ect..

I follow the leader girl to a room and she says to undress and also says to "leave underwear on".. -ok =( i thought to myself-
the other girl comes in and tells me to lay down.. skipping ahead to the end when a abrupt "ok done!" happens and she walks out of room.. so i book her again for 90 mins this time! she was surprised and said she wasn't sure why but she laughed and led me back to room anyway.. 

Skipping ahead to my first move.. when she was working on my back.. i moved my arm down onto her leg which she sort of gave me a "nono type of motion with her hands and moved my arm away" i thought damn! but still tried again 20 mins later as i thought it may have just got her by surprise.. put my arm on her leg and failed again.. at the end tho i did manage to get my hand on her knee without her moving it away but it was the very end..

so basically i left blue balled.. $165 it cost me in the end with the 2nd booking and more time and such.. i tried =( but i am determined to give it another go with a different girl before i throw in the towel on this place doing extras.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: silvermike
Post Title: 
 Natural Essence of Thailand.  Doncaster, Vic
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hot girl with short hair.

Establishment : Natural Essence of Thailand

Date of Visit : 01/02/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 747 Doncaster rd, Doncaster, Vic. 9848 2217

Hours of Business : Mon - Sat 10 til 9, Sun 10 - 8.30

Rates : 80 p/h.  NO EXTRAS

Age : 25ISH

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage only

Value for money/recommend? : Okay if you want just massage

My experience/comments : This is a legit establishment.  Mamasan shows me to the room and specifically instructs to leave underwear on.  I also heard her say the same to another punter due to the walls not being full height.  There are business cards from reputable local firms on the coffee table in the waiting area (lawyers, estate agents etc).
Anyway, the massage was nice but nothing amazing.  The girl didn't ask where I needed attention.... just did a stock standard job.  

WIR?  Nope.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th December 2018, 08:37 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: 
 Natural Essence of Thailand - Doncaster - 03 9848 2217
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Don't Recall

Establishment : Natural Essence of Thailand

Date of Visit : Early December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 747 Doncaster rd, Doncaster

Phone : 9848 2217

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : $75/hr

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : slim and short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : If you want a Thai massage

My experience/comments : From the outside this shop has all the markings of your standard AMP so I thought I'd TOFTT having not found a review and try my luck. I stopped at reception and had to fill out the card (not a great sign - lots of made up names and numbers did I enter). She asked where i wanted the massage concentrated on - I just said "everywhere". Was shown to the room by a very cute girl who instructed me to get undressed  but leave my underpants on (not a great sign again !) and lie under the sheet. I did as told and then after hearing two girls giggling over my comment "everywhere", entered a rather plain young girl. I didn't even bother with small talk like asking her name. I just relaxed and enjoyed a very professional and I might say enjoyable thai massage. No sign of anything on offer here. I also overheard another punter say that he wanted his massage concentrated on his glutes and thighs - maybe that would have been a better tactic? They probably still would have used the discreet draping. So after that I headed to Mitcham for some fun (see another review).


