Thread Title: Nikki - Royal garden Bodycare - 9642 4368
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th August 2017, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 Nikki - Royal garden Bodycare - 9642 4368
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nichole / Nikky

Establishment : Royal Garden Bodycare

Date of Visit : 07/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ground Floor, 140 Queen Street, (between Bourke & Lt Collins Streets) Melbourne, CBD
TELEPHONE: Phone 1800 4 ROYAL (1800 476 925) or (03) 9642 4368
WEB: Royal Garden Bodycare - Massage Melbourne CBD

Hours of Business : Monday - Saturday 10am - 9pm (appointments preferred)

Rates : 30mins / around $60- + $50 tug

Age : mid-30s

Size/shape : 8 (small to medium tits)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Chinese)

Services Provided : R&T 

Value for money/recommend? : I'd go back if it wasn't so expensive 

Had a bit of time to kill recently so I thought I'd try my hand at some thinking.

First thing that comes to mind is the amount of jizz that's produced in a typical day here in Melbourne, given the number of dodgy new Asian tug shops that are appearing exponentially on every street corner.

Now, I've calculated that Melbourne males splooge around 200 litres of cock cream per day in these joints. And that's just in Malvern! So, what happens to all this spaff? You might well ask. Well, it flows in torrents of sperm through the sewers under our feet. And where does it all end up? Where do ya reckon? In the Bay, of course.

If you have ever swum, even rolled up your trousers and taken a paddle in the water at St.Kilda beach, you have taken a jerk-sauce bath, my friend. Some friendly advice, buddy ... DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, ALLOW YOUR WIFE'S FANNY TO HAVE DIRECT CONTACT WITH THE WATER IN PORT PHILLIP BAY!!! I will not be responsible for any pregnancies that result from your wife taking a dip at Elwood and having her womb splashed with the schlong juice that I produced a couple of days earlier up the other end of Victoria Street!

So, with those cautionary words in mind, I eagerly ventured out this day to add my few drops worth to the rivers of nut butter flowing beneath our city.

I was off the leash in the CBD, supposedly on business, but I had other fish to fry. A mate had given me a tip so I made a call, settled the details and rocked up to the door at the agreed time, bright-eyed, bushy-tailed and full of spunk.

I was introduced to a youngish looking Chinese woman called Nikky? (Nicole?) - OK looking, tall, slim to medium body, small tits. Probably around mid 30s.

As she walks me down the hall to the room I notice a room with some kind of electronic (laser?) machine and various bottles and shit on shelves. There's a woman in there but I don't get more than a glance at her.

Into the room and she gets up close to my ear and whispers that I should be quiet; the chick next door is apparently gonna get her muff waxed. I don't cotton on straight away to what she's saying cause her Engrish is all over the place. I'm like: "WHAT? WHAT?" and she's like: "*#$@)!* ^&*$#!(* ^*&$*!" ... which I finally realised meant something like "SHUT THE FUCK UP! OR I'LL RAM A PILLOW DOWN YOUR THROAT" when I worked out what was going on.

Just quietly, my brain goes a little wild as a result of this information ... I'm picturing someone like Elle Macpherson, trussed up in stirrups, legs parted wide, getting her poontang lasered. Jeezuss!, while I'm getting fapped, her cooch will be getting zapped. While her muff is being scrubbed, my Roger's getting rubbed.

Moving on I crank up the small talk with Nikky (I like to break the ice and get on the best terms possible before the fun starts). So I start fishing for topics. I'm like ... yaddah, yaddah, yaddah, Chairman Mao, what a great guy! ... Cultural Revolution, wow, must have been just the best time, everyone getting into classic Chinese literature and antiques and stuff ... Great Wall, did it really keep the rabbits out? ... she stares at me with a blank look.

Massage starts. She doesn't muck around and goes pretty much straight for my balls and my date. Cool. I part my legs to give her unfettered access and she takes up the challenge. I'm kinda lying there in a swoon, my legs hanging out either side of the table, both arms hanging down ... and my tongue hanging out of my mouth.

Finally my cornhole can't take any more and I do the flip. At this stage my cock was proudly erect and my knob was like an inflated blue balloon. She says something in Chinese, grabs some oil, lathers up my pleasure pump and starts jerking. Now I don't know about you, but a quick 1 minute jerk doesn't do much for me. If I've still got 10 minutes on the clock then I want her to spend it wrestling the bald headed champion. So I ask her, "Let's go slow". "Slooow", she says, smiling, "yes, slooow". She starts caressing my cock, firm slow strokes down the length of my shaft with one hand, the other tickling my sack. I hang on for as long as I can, mainly by thinking about the Bible, and then let her have a load of cock nectar. Her fingers looked like she'd been eating mayonnaise. She ducks out to wash her hands and I picture my population paste beginning its fateful journey down the pipes.

This joint has a shower so I take the opportunity to wash the oil off my cock and my arse. I hate those hot towels they try to clean you up with ... like, where the fuck has that towel been? The mamasan might have wiped her snoo with it!

As I'm back in the room, dressing, Nikky is farting around, tidying up and waiting for her gratuity. This place ain't cheap. It's in the CBD so I guess they pay a premium rent and squeeze their clients accordingly. But, what the fuck, you only live once.

Keep that river running, comrades.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th August 2017, 01:26 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
10/10 for a fantastic read 🤣


