Thread Title: Nu-Mee Clinic - Glen Iris - 0457 455 629
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st May 2019, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: Mickle
Post Title: 
 Nu-Mee Clinic - Glen Iris - 0457 455 629
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana

Establishment : Nu-Mee

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/glen...age/1219554063

Phone : 0457 455 629

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $80 + $50

Age : 40 ish

Size/shape : Slim/Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : HJ/BodySlide/Datefingering/DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Hadn't seen Lana since her time in South Yarra. Found her number and thought I'd call. Lana said she had a new shop and gave me the address, not more than 5 minutes away from where I was. It was a Saturday morning and she had just finished her moving in renovations so we used the rear treatment room. Great massage, declined the date fingering however dined on that smooth peachy clean pussy before getting a great HJ. $80 for the hour plus $50 (if you've seen her a few times)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th June 2019, 12:44 PM
Poster ID: rapture
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana

Establishment : New Mee

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0457 455 629 

Hours of Business : 10:30 - 8pm

Rates : 80 hr

Age : 40 ish

Size/shape : Slim nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian but looks asian

Services Provided : Massage and handy

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I have been wanting to catch up with Lana from when she was working in South Yarra but couldn't seem to find the time, so when the opportunity arose I took full advantage of it. I new I was going to be at that side of town so I texted her to confirm that she still does a "naught massage" as she puts it. Details confirmed and rocked up at the set time for a 30 min booking. Her shop is on Malvern Road so it is very busy but parking is not a problem. I walk in an am greeted by Lana. She leads me to the massage room and leaves me undress. She came back and started the massage on my back. She is a nice lady and loves to chat and chat. I don't mind this at all as the conversation varied and wasn't personal. The massage is very good with just the right amount of pressure. Towards the end of the massage on my back she started running her finger around my a-hole and asked if I wanted to go further which I declined. Up to this point there was absolutely no sensuality to the massage. Flip over and she did a bit of a massage on my front and then started a nice handy. I didn't ask for any further extras as I was content with the way things were going. I blew my load not long after. She cleaned me up and asked me if I wanted her to continue the massage as there was a little bit of time left. At this point I was happy enough to get dressed and leave. I paid her $80 (half hour massage plus handjob). For this money, I probably could of got her to take her top off, but was happy to go with the flow. I would return next time I'm in the area.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th August 2019, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: melbourneguy87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited Lana last week. 

Saw her last year in South Yarra a few times, and didn't know she had moved to this location until I saw these forum posts.

$130 all in for the hour ($80+$50) got me the same amazing service as it did back in her old studio.

I asked her if I could cum twice in the session, starting with a HJ, then a massage, then finishing up with another HJ. She obliged.

I ended up on hands and knees, getting my prostate finger fucked and my cock milked downwards. The prostate massage was incredible, I came so hard I from it that I almost felt emotional and teary. But in a good way.

Very surreal feeling.

 I've had prostate play before, but this was something else. A real full body orgasm.

She cleaned me up and the massage begun. Which felt absolutely amazing in the post explosion aura.

Getting two shots off in an hour is never usually a problem, but in this instance I was cooked. She started playing with my tackle again after about 30 min, but there was no life to be found. Couldn't get hard, just wasn't happening.

The first orgasm had defeated me and left me an empty shell.

Would I return? Hell yes! But I'd save the tug until the end, and spend the first 40 min building the tension and excitement up.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th August 2019, 04:24 PM
Poster ID: Hitman 12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can anyone provide the street address please,the ad/link to Gumtree above has expired...Thanks


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th August 2019, 12:55 PM
Poster ID: Jaytee
Post Title: 
 Lana Nu-mee
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana

Establishment : Nu-Mee

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Phone : 0457 455 629

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50 + $50

Age :50ish

Size/shape : Slim/Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian 

Services Provided : HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : not really 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Saw Lana a few weeks ago, contact was easy and she was pretty friendly and chatty, she looks like she's in her 50s pretty fit for her age and looks more oriental than Indian 

Lana gave a pretty good massage and had a good sensuality to her touch, she seemed to enjoy giving the hj, let me get her titties out for a suck and allowed touching from the outside but not sure what else is on offer.
Not really my cup of tea, don't think I'd return.


