Thread Title: Ocean Massage - 0468 700 899 - Mooroolbark - Jasmine
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th August 2019, 12:36 PM
Poster ID: zeke
Post Title: 
 Ocean Massage - 0468 700 899 - Mooroolbark - Jasmine
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Ocean massage

Date of Visit : 28.8.2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Businesses - Businesses - Ocean Massage

Phone : 0468 700 899

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : 30 min massage for $50 ++

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : Looked ok

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mainland Chinese

Services Provided : Nude with covered oral, extra $100 (didn't try)

Value for money/recommend? : Nope, worst massage I have ever had and overpriced but ymmv

My experience/comments : 

YMMV, I state this early as I clearly pissed Jasmine off, she probably is ok if you're willing to pony up the green.

So it's a cold Melboune August day and I feel like some fun. I can't even remember how I found this place, it's the same owner as the joint next to the Croydon train station in the car park on Wicklow Ave. This one is on Brice Ave next door to the Bendigo Bank Branch. Talk about the walk of shame, it's highly visible. I mean it, if you're squeamish about such things just don't do it. I get in there, they take CC if you need it, get taken into the room and told to undress by a friendly and chatty Jasmine. 

She comes back into the room and asks what do i want, I reply with "Something sensual, lots of fun, my body is yours for the next 30 mins" which gets a laugh in response. She then gives her prices, starts with $100 for nude and covered bj. Now I probably didn't respond in the correct way, I'm normally pretty good with this part but I was lying there, freezing cold in a shitty room lying on towels which have clearly not been changed for several customers from the day before and have just negotiated the walk of shame trying to avoid the school mums doing their early morning shop at Mooroolbark Coles. By now my body started to get the cold shivers going so my brain took a little while to add the sums up, I eventually replied with "that's $150." Wow, I'm sharp. Jasmine confirmed that my mental arithmetic's was indeed correct. 

Now, I have no issues with paying $150 for a good time, but the product has to match the price. Maybe i Was being unfair but to me it just didn't add up and really I didn't need it this badly. So I said as politely as I could 'let's just go for the massage this time.' I guess my mistake was adding that $150 is a bit steep (I was about to also say 'for this place', thank fuck I didn't). She tried to negotiate but by this time the cold and situation had got to me and I had a complete soft on that only a naked Emily Blunt on her knees in front of me telling me to put it in her mouth could get the desired effect.

What occurred next was the most uncomfortable and awkward massage I have ever had. No talking except to ask me to turn over. At first the massage was just wiping her hands randomly over various parts of my back and legs, occasionally scratching with her nails. But my response must have taken a little while to sink in, she must have brewed about it and then got angrier and angrier because the massage became harder and harder, but not in a good way. You know how you can tell if someone is absolutely furious just by being in the same room with them? Even though I was facing down it was as clear as day, this chick was pissed. By halfway through she had abandoned any thought of providing a massage and was just going for my various 'nerve' spots, like that part at the top of your shoulder blades and the side of your knee just under the knee cap, trying to inflict as much pain as possible. Maybe what made it worse was after I realised what she was doing I got the giggles a bit. Every time she hit a nerve I'd giggle which made her even angrier and she'd go after them with even more gusto.

When it finally ended she just said 'finished' in a sulky voice and storm out, slamming the door shut behind her and mouthing off in Chinese to the other girl working there who smile apologetically as I walked out. What capped it off for me was all the signs around the room stating that no sexual activities at all allowed, but I pissed he off by saying no to her.

So, I won't be going back, but really, she might be ok.


