Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2018, 10:52 AM
Poster ID: silvermike
Post Title: 
 Olivia - 1/88  Boronia Rd, Boronia - 0451 331 283
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : "Olivia"

Establishment : RnT shop

Date of Visit : 9/2/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/88 Boronia Road, Boronia (next to a real estate agent)

Hours of Business : 7 days

Rates : $70 p/h. Extras start at $30

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Petite.  Good body.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not for the massage but the HJ was good.

My experience/comments :  

There's a smorgasbord of massage shops in this area so I parked and wandered around.  Was about to enter one of them but saw another punter go in before me so went to the above address to be greeted by Olivia, a very pretty and bubbly Chinese girl with very good English (yet had difficulty pronouncing her own name).  There are two or three rooms on the left and beyond these a curtain separating the staff area... this curtain was open and I could see another girl resting on a bed in there.
Anyway, I enter the first room which looks clean and tidy, strip off and jump on the table.  Olivia comes in, is very chatty, sweet & a bit naughty at the same time.  The massage wasn't good - some girls use way too much oil but this girl nowhere near enough, which I think is worse.  Not much "accidental" tackle touching... shame as this gets me worked up especially if the massage is crap.  Flip time and Olivia glides her hands over my body including the tackle for a few seconds then leans in to my face "HJ $30, Nude $50, Body slide $80".  I opt for the cheapest deal as the massage was so bad I didn't want to throw away too much more cash.  To my surprise the HJ was pretty good... she took her time deeply and slowly massaging my cock, playing with my balls, and varying the tempo.  Some room for improvement but I often find these young girls are not highly skilled in this area, which is why I generally prefer an ML around 30.  Moving on,... I blew my load (always a pleasure!) and Olivia cleaned me up then administered a poor excuse for a head massage to finish.
She came back in whilst I was dressing, I paid her the $30 and she proceeded to straighten up....  The towel i was lying on was not replaced, just straightened, nor was the face hole towel. Pretty disappointing from a hygiene perspective; they could at least invest in some of those disposable gauze sheets.  I wonder how many other punters had dribbled on the same towel.

WIR? Nope.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2018, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Do you have a contact number for this shop? Also a check of the address...we have other reviews of 1/88 Boronia Rd.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th February 2018, 11:22 AM
Poster ID: silvermike
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, My mistake.  it is 1/88 Boronia Road.  
Contact number according to google is 0451 331 283.
They don't have any signage with a business name out front, just "Massage" so I googled it to find out.
Cheers.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th January 2019, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : 1/88 Boronia Rd Boronia

Date of Visit : Jan 3rd 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...e-massage.html

Phone : 0451331283

Hours of Business : 7 days

Rates : $50 for 1/2 hr

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Petite. Good body.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Was in the area and this place had reasonable reviews. Was shown to the room by Maggie - 5'3'' wish - slim, bit of acne, small boobs wearing a black lacy dress. Room set up OK - no wall signs so nuded up and lay face down - they use disposable paper sheets on the table. Massage was OK on the back and shoulders. Next moved down to the bum where things got more interesting. lots of lovely slow work on the crack and sack. She climbed on table between by legs and there was plenty of reaching under. I let her know how much I was enjoying it. On the flip - the negotiation. Bargained her to a pineapple for a topless one. She wasn't into me touching her much - said she was ticklish and stood away so I couldn't explore up her dress. Really great work on the finale with nipple kissing (on me) and plenty of eye contact. I left very happy. Gave a pass to the head massage.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th February 2019, 02:03 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This shop is getting huge mileage on a rival site. Was in area so thought I would take look.  4 girls working all avail between 20 and 30. All dressed in provocative dresses. 4 girls in this shop with still 9 other shops in area. They must be getting popular. Left after taking a look


