Thread Title: Oosaka Therapy - Bentleigh - 0478 755 070
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2016, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: Germinator
Post Title: 
 Oosaka Therapy - Bentleigh - 0478 755 070
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Oosaka Beauty, 406 Centre road Benleigh

Date of Visit : 20/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Hours of Business :  406 Centre road Benleigh Mon to Sun 11am to 6pm, 0478 755 070

Rates : $65 per hour, + $35 for the RnT

Age : About 27

Size/shape : C Cup, Medium figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? Fair to good

My experience/comments : To get to Annie's shop you must walk up a steep, narrow and squeaky set of stairs with an annoying alarm.  It's not wide enough for people to pass each other on the stairs 
Annie is a bit of a character. She's a fun girl who has a bit of a twang in her accent.  She has a medium build and a nice B or C cup breasts.  She rarely wears a bra and wears a short skirt type uniform every time I've visited
She tries her hardest to make your time enjoyable and will tailor the massage to what you like.  She can do a firm massage but not real firm though.  She's very good with the softer touch and when you flip over typically she will go topless.
I haven't been able to get anything more than hand relief from her so I don't think anything more than that is on offer.

When you are getting dressed she will even assist you putting on your clothes.  It's a nice touch from a happy young lady.

One thing to be aware of is if you attend a few times she will send you a few 'Hello Handsome' type SMS.  That's no real problem for me but it could be for others.  I'd suggest that if asks her not to do that she will respect that request.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th December 2016, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The SMS messages put me off going there again. Not very discrete.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th December 2016, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: Germinator
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by foreman


The SMS messages put me off going there again. Not very discrete
"""



I told her to stop and she did. I don't think she quite understands that she needs to check with people beforehand if that's what they want.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th December 2016, 08:39 AM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: 
 Annie - Oosaka Therapy - 0478 755 070
				
Post Content: 
The first time I went there I called the landline number. I had my number showing. At the end of the session she gave me her mobile number and said call this number to make a booking. I never gave her mine. For the next month I got a few random messages "How are you handsome?" "Nice day today." How are you today?" 

Of course I blocked her number and put her SMS on DND. Also sent a message back asking her to stop sending messages. 

About a month ago I unblocked all blocked numbers. I usually get unwanted calls from insurance and Real Estate agents every week. Then again a couple of weeks ago another "How are you today?" Business must be quiet. 

She must be really stupid to send a mass SMS to all her contacts! Some guys do have girlfriends and wives. The last thing you want is a message when you are with someone else and at the wrong time!

By the way I have only seen her the one time! Too many other places to explore.


