Thread Title: Pheonix Massage - Heidelberg West - 0420 207 878
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st January 2019, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: Diamondcutter75
Post Title: 
 Pheonix Massage - Heidelberg West - 0420 207 878
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : Phoenix Massage- Off Bell Street

Date of Visit : Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Massage on the Mall, 18 the Mall Heidelberg West

Phone :0420207878

Hours of Business : 9.30am - 8pm

Rates :$60 per hour+ extras

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, nude massage, hand relief, pussy play, body slide 

Value for money/recommend? : Bit Pricey

Had some spare time so dropped past to see what was on offer . Greeted by a slim, somewhat attractive Asian lady. Very petite, bleached hair, wearing a low cut dress exposing her obviously enhanced breasts. 
Discussed massage rates and booked her for an hour. Into room, undress etc , small talk, then she starts asking about my age, am I married ,single general stuff, but probably sussing out how she was gonna play things. She's no fool and I think she's pretty quick to sum up a customer.
Anyway, massage was Ok, nothing special, on the flip she offers the usual amount of accidental brushing and gently running her hands into the groin and underneath the ass until I respond as expected. She looks down with a smile and asks if I want anything else. I say of course, what do you do?. She asks back, what do you want ? Now I actually get over these type of back and forth pretty quick, and I guess she got the idea and started rolling off the menu and prices. $30 for straight handjob, $ 50 handjob and touch her outside clothes. $ 80 topless, and 100 nude, with some touching . Also offered nude body slide $150 
Went with the HJ + topless. Just had to see those tits. They were pretty good too. Her technique was reasonable, not too rushed, and payed enough attention to the balls and ass crack. 
Overall it was a reasonable experience. Get the feeling as long as your prepared to part with the folding stuff, nothing with Nat would be off limits. 
I think she has a daughter, scar from a c-section, but def no stretch marks. She's probably got the ability to be a bit of a bitch if she didn't like you or you rubbed her the wrong way .
WIR- perhaps to see what else is up for grabs


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2019, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
'WIR- perhaps to see what else is up for grabs'
Given the price you paid just for a topless HJ make sure you take plenty of money with you if you return for more.

Right in my punting area but way too pricey for me, $140 for a topless HJ thats 2 x nude HJs for me in that area.
Nat has had quite a few reviews on another site all quoting the ridiculous prices she is getting.
She also works at the other phoenix place in Bundoora too, a place I drive past regularly on my way to punt.


