Thread Title: Phoebe - North Melbourne - 0478 789 338
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th December 2018, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: Walducko
Post Title: 
 Phoebe - North Melbourne - 0478 789 338
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Phoebe

Establishment : North Melbourne RNT Operating Under "Lovers Sassy Gifts" Store

Date of Visit : 10th December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.facebook.com/loverssassygifts/

Phone : 0478 789 338

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm Mon to Sat, Sunday from 12pm

Rates : All up paid $170 for the hour which included oral - I think was a special just for me as normally I pay that same amount for just nude bodyslides with HJ

Age : 28

Size/shape : Slim/Skinny Nerdy Looking Girl with Tiny Boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Nude Bodyslide with HJ and Covered Oral

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I've been to this joint semi-regularly every month or so for last 6 months and got to know Phoebe well. All I ever got was full nude bodyslides but no hint of extras. This time I kinda got bored of her so thought I'd go in and tell her I really need oral this time otherwise I'll need to go somewhere else. So for the normal $170 price I normally pay for fully nude slides and hand job, she said she's happy to give me oral "just for me". So in we went, both stripped and just play with my cock for quite a while. She then asked if I'd like oral know and said yeah that would be great. She grabbed a dom and started sucking... I left her suck for quite a while (over 15 mins) and then she asked "when are you going to cum! ? " I said I'm enjoying this too much so a little more... so let her suck another 10 mins or so and then I blew a massive eruption into the dom. She did a great job of sucking me more until I was completely drained and then asked me "how was that"... I said "that was great, next time you'll need to let me just shoot it down your throat". She laughed and said "we don't do that here".

Overall very good value for money, but suspect she only does it for regulars by exception only... she's not the best looking girl (skinny, looks nerdy, tiny boobs, etc" but she sure knows how to suck and use her tongue for maximum pleasure.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th December 2018, 12:48 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What an interesting little shop. Surprised some of our avid Rnt reviewers have not been aware of this place. 472 Victoria st North Melb seems to be the address.


