Thread Title: Pleasant Aroma Therapy - 99 Mt. Pleasant Rd Nunawading VIC - 0411 890 478
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th January 2017, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: MCJIN
Post Title: 
 Haruchy - nunawading
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : haruchy (Polynesian)

Establishment : 99 mount pleasant road nunawading

Date of Visit : 19/1/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0411890478

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : 60/45mins plus 30 hj(got 2)

Age : 20?

Size/shape : 12 curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Polynesian 

Services Provided : oil massage with 2hjs

Value for money/recommend? : Very good

My experience/comments : Needed a good massage, went on Locanto to look for a discreet massage joint in nunawading and found this place.
Located in a quiet small strip of shops in a residential area, has a front and back entrance, great for avoiding the walk of shame haha
anyway called around 3pm and this man picks up and says haruchy is the only girl available, Polynesian and I thought why not. Asked if there was a back entrance he said yes, so when I got there I made a let turn into the next street which gave discreet access to the back gate with the numbers 99 on them.
Entered through the back, big Aussie guy who is the 'boss' asking me how long I said 45mins,handed over $60 and was shown to the room nearest the front entrance.he even offered me a drink, one of the cans on display but I declined. The room is tiny with the massage table facing the door which I didn't like at all as no privacy. You could also hear everything being said by persons outside.
anywya in comes haruchy, pleasant smile, very curvy but very eager and friendly.
started off with abit too much oil and too much chat but it was good nonetheless as she gave my butt a lot of rubbing play. 10mins in, she asks me to flip over, at this stage I thought oh shit wtf, but she was friendly and assured me she is aware of the 45mins I paid for. At this we discussed extras, I wasn't overly attracted so I just asked for a hj. It was 30 and we agreed to handle financials after. So she oils me up, JUMPS ON and asked if I wanted it hard or slow. Then really gave it a good tug until I exploded wow was it good.sensual and lots of eye contact. Cleaned me up and massaged the rest of my back neck and butt AGAIN, got me to turn around again then did my chest and then grabbed my cock again and asked me if I wanted it taken care of. I thought HOH why not!! Second time she jumped on and I swear her mouth was so near my cock and then look in her eye was one where she wanted to suck it. She kept asking if there was anything else I wanted but I said just the hj haha. Blew my load the second time around and she finished me off with a hot towel to get the oil off. Gave her the 30, she told me she works on Thursdays and that it was her first day there. I have her a 50 and told her to keep the tip as she gave such top notch service
she doesn't look very young but I'm guessing by her attitude and eagerness to please, she must be quite young maybe 19. Anyway folks give her a try, you'll sure to be in for a wild time


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2017, 01:21 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great find! I have had some good experiences with Polymesian MLs andvthis one looks like good value - although I am well beyond the stage of being able to use the "two shot" offer.


