Thread Title: Raku Raku Massage - Canterbury - 03 9942 3810
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2019, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 Raku Raku Massage - Canterbury - 03 9942 3810
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Siri (?)

Establishment : Raku Raku Jap Massage

Date of Visit : January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :85 Canterbury Rd  Canterbury VIC  https://rakurakujapanesemassage.com/

Phone : (03) 9942 3810

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : Summer Special Prices: 30mins $50 / 45mins  $60 / 60mins $80
(And who can resist a 'special'???)

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Curvy (but not fat)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean (?)

Services Provided : Massage, tug, blowjob.

Value for money/recommend? : Depends how much money you got to splurge. I'd probably go back.

My experience/comments : 

Note: I swear to God this chick told me her name was 'Siri'. But when I rang a couple of days later to see if she was working, they told me they'd never heard of a 'Siri'. I'd already slammed the phone down in disgust when I had a brainstorm: Shit! Maybe I heard wrong - maybe her name was 'Cherie', 'Sheree' or 'Cherry'. Anyhow, I guess I'll never know.

I was in the city recently sweet-talking a client. It was around 11:30am when I finally gave him the slip and, walking down Collins Street, who should I bump into but ol' Jonesy, a guy I did an internship with (including a short stint at head-office in Berlin of all fuckin' places) years ago when we were both raw, young, innocent, golden-haired babes in the woods, just starting out in the world of extortion and blackmail, confidence trickery, shakedowns and price gouging -  in other words, the corporate business world.

Anyhows, we slip quietly into a bar for a couple of beers, get to talking about the good ol' days, and he reminds me about 'The Spider' (Die Spinne), a MILF that worked at the head-office. Die Spinne got her nickname because she preyed on young (innocent) guys, hunting them down and sucking them dry.  She was like one of those big-bottled, blonde Hofbräuhaus Bier Mädchen you see in Munich - curvy, peaches and cream complexions, blonde hair tied into braids, ample tits on full display, arses to die for ... and sort of slutty. She was in her 40s and in fine, fine shape. All the young bucks (myself included) were in awe of her.

There was a story circulating at the time that a few guys lined up in a storeroom with their cocks hanging out and she went down the line, blowing each one in turn. Apparently she didn't need lunch that day. A day or two afterwards some joker stuck a label on the door - 'Picknickplatz' (Picnic Ground). She was a secretary for one of the bigshots in the firm. She was probably gobbling his hot-dog too - it must have been red raw!

Anyhow, Jonesy and I reminisced for a while, stood arm-in-arm, sung the old company song:

(To the tune of 'When Johnny Comes Marching Home')

Two *Acme Inc. interns crossed the Rhine,
Taboo, taboo.
Two Acme Inc. interns crossed the Rhine,
Taboo, taboo.
Two Acme Inc. interns crossed the Rhine,
They fucked the women and drank the wine,
Taboo, tabai, ta-buggerai, ta-buggerai, taboo!

(*Company name changed to protect the innocent).

... and then we fucked off, both promising to meet up again soon but each knowing that it was never gonna happen. I never liked the cunt anyway!

Anyhows, that arvo I was over to the east of our metropolis and, out of the blue, felt a sudden inclination to have my knob gobbled. Sometime or other I'd noticed a newish joint open for business in what I imagine to be an otherwise reserved, quite conservative suburb so I figured nows the time to drop by and see how the bourgeoisie do it. Who knows, maybe some of the dicks in the Liberal party hang out here (well, let's face it, those cunts ain't got too much else going on).

Inside, this joint is quite classy, decorated like you're in a kind of Japanese spa - tidy, clean-looking and lots of wood on the walls (and in my pants). Met by the mamasan (who wasn't too bad herself) who tells me she'll see if a lady is available for me. No worries, honey - if no one's available you can get your Shiba Inu to lick my ricardo, I'm not fussy but I'm raring to go! 

Anyhow, Siri (I'll call her that because I'm sure that's what she told me but, since all the blood in my carcass was in my rodney, I may have heard wrong) appears and mamasan asks me if I'm happy with her. What the?? Well, has she got tits and a gash? Then sure, I'm fuckin' ecstatic!

The place gives off a very Nipponese vibe but Siri was definitely not Japanese, maybe Korean. She's late 30s or more likely early 40s, but very well-kept. About 160cm, shapely but not fat or overly curvy, probably B-cup tits, easy-on-the-eye, well-spoken, polite. She was dressed very smartly, like she was off to David Jones Bourke St. on a shopping spree with some affluent, MILFy friends from the Mahjong Club - nice top and jacket, white slacks - rather than like she was about to oil up my torpedo, fap me stupid and blast an avalanche of spaff all over herself.

She leaves me to get ready while she disappears to clean her teeth, oil up her muff and powder her date. Back in the room, I'm lying face down on the table and notice that she's pissing around beside me, doing fuck knows what. I turn to look and she's standing there, struggling to get her pants off. They're a bit tight. She explains that, because they are white, she's worried the dark fibres from the material covering the massage table will rub off onto them and it'll look like her bush is poking out through her slacks - or something like that. I offer to help and kneel down so my face is level with her crotch and ease them down for her, inadvertently (truely) taking her panties down with them. She grabs them but not before I get a brief glance at some sparse pubic hair and the hint of a furrow at the top of her minge. The whole scene feels like a bit of a charade, a 'come on' done on purpose and I'm standing there wondering if I should start proceedings straight away - maybe cup her arse in my hands or run my fingers over her stomach and down onto her mound. I decide to wait - don't want to get into the bad books too early in the game. 

She starts a half-assed massage and we're having a bit of a good-natured chat, like 'Nice place', 'How long you been working here?', 'How's yer father?' and so on. Finally she does my legs, moves up towards my crutch area, a few tickles of my codsack and my Russell Coight and I'm turned over.

She eyes widen as she takes a gander at my Bono Erectus which is pointing straight up towards magnetic north. So, ice broken, I ask if she'll get her clobber off. No worries. She strips to reveal a pretty good body for a early 40s MILF; average sized tits and a pair of fleshy, pronounced muff flaps that are pushing their way out from between her thighs. Nice. She mounts the table and kneels between my legs, up close to my cockle area and starts gently kneading my balls, then makes her way up, slowly working my love-stick. I sneak my hand in between her legs. It's warm in there and I'm rubbing whatever I can find. I eventually get a finger in. Her love-hole is like a water-slide at a theme park - wet and wild.

Anyhows, I was on a mission so mustn't get distracted. I pop the question:

Is she willing to lob my knob into her gob?

She's like: "Sure!"
I'm like: "Rubberback or bareback?"
She says: "Whatever, it's all the same to me (WTF??) - but no condom $50". 

I give her the go-ahead (as well as some bonus points for not asking for the money straight up - I must have an honest looking cock).

She moves down the table a bit, one hand on my wang, and starts licking my codsack. I move so I'm slightly upright, resting on my elbows. Now I can watch. The slurping becomes more intense and very moist. My balls are glistening with saliva. She actually takes one of my plums almost completely into her mouth and I can feel her tongue circling it, lubricating it and massaging it. 

Now she's up around my knob, licking. She takes it partly into her mouth, hesitantly at first and then, with a kind of sudden movement, engulfs the whole lot. She does a few shallow pumps and then takes in pretty much the whole length of my old fella. She starts a steady rhythm of deep pumps. When she comes up for air there's a thick bead of drool stretching from her mouth to my swollen glans. She goes back down for more and, a few pumps later, I tell her I'm about to blow. I'm immediately released from her mouth. She grabs my nuts in one hand, my fuck-stick in the other and very skillfully drains an eruption of splooge out of my kranski.

I'm cleaned up with tissues. Can't remember if she offered a hot towel but, in any case, I would have refused. I assume there's no shower available here which is a bit of a negative ... but not enough to stop me coming back.

Until next time, lads.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th January 2019, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jack Kerouac was the most creative reviewer In Sydney up until his disappearance a couple years ago.  Salsa is Melbourne's version of him.


