Thread Title: Relative Therapies - 373 Clarendon Street, South Melbourne - 03 9690 3337
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th May 2018, 10:40 PM
Poster ID: jaxons
Post Title: 
 Relative Therapies - 373 Clarendon Street, South Melbourne - 03 9690 3337
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : Massage Parlour

Date of Visit : 25th May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :http://www.relativetherapies.com.au

Hours of Business : 9am to 8pm

Rates : $45 30 mins $60 for 45 and $70 for the hour - $50 extras

Age : late 20's 

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided :massage, hr

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Stopped by on Friday evening after gym as was nearby. 

This place appears a legitimate health and fitness place but the pretty Thai girls at reception had me wondering and hoping.

Booked with a curvy but sexy Thai girl for half and hour and paid 45 for 30 mins and was ushered upstairs into a typical Thai massage setup with bed on floor.

I stripped down to nothing and lay waiting on bed for her arrival.

Started off with typical firm body pressing with a towel and knees in my legs on back. 

Then oils up my legs with and strokes all up my legs right inside but not a hint of ball touching however got close.

After a great back massage she asks me to turn over and covers me with a towel.

However she starts sensually stroking my legs and comes up under the towel massaging next to my erection and then asks if I would like extra.

She offers me a hand job for $50 and nude for $100.

She then oils me up and starts stroking me and does a motion of about to give me a blowjob but only puts mouth close to my tip.

I am very turned on and last only a few minutes before spurting everywhere.

Afterwards I am washed all over with a hot towel and it is finished.

Overall a good discovery and definitely a place to return and try more girls.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th July 2018, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: mralphabeta
Post Title: 
 Kara- Back In Motion- South Melbourne  VIC 0466283775
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : KARA

Establishment : BACK IN MOTION

Date of Visit :  01/07/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...your-time.html

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm, MON-SUN

Rates : $69 for 60 mins massage + extras 

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : ASIAN

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : not really.

My experience/comments : One hour booking standard oil massage, after about 15 mins asked to turn over and immediately asked if i wanted any extras. Asked as to what is on offer - HJ $50, Nude HJ$100. I went for the $50 option, experience was very average and rushed + she kept looking at the clock telling me there was only X amount of time left. IMO take your money elsewhere.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th September 2019, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: McCauley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i went to this place after a girl i had seen at Infinity Massage in Hawthorn moved here. At first when you look at the place from the outside it looks kind of like any other massage shop (kind of) but then i realized that this is actually a really strange place. Firstly its a shared space so there are real Remedial Massage Therapist working at this location and looks like they share this space with a bunch of thai girls??? Also there is a gym in the same building! the gym is at the back of the building but the door for the gym open directly to where you organise what type of massage you want....and also the gym has about 3 big machines that are in the middle of the bottom floor where the reception is, so not only to all the people at the back int he gym see you but then they come right in! and use the gym equipment that's right where you meet the girls. It gets even more strange, as you head upstairs there is a small waiting area and i see a lady waiting - she is waiting right next to the 2 rooms the thai girls use. But she is there for a remedial massage as then another lady comes around and calls the lady into the back room. At this stage im so fucking confused and frankly just overwhelmed with the setup here. Luckly the girl i had booked made a mistake and in fact there were no rooms free. So i told her id come back another day and got the fuck out, as i come down the stairs there are 2 girls on the gym machines talking and gyming........

So i dont know how this all works here. No way in hell the people sharing the building don't know whats also taking place inside these rooms or are people really that oblivious to seeing a bunch of thai girls with a constant flow of male clients?????

never going back

cheers


