Thread Title: Relaxation Massage - Tecoma 0406 616 699
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2017, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: Haggis
Post Title: 
 Relaxation Massage - Tecoma 0406 616 699
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joy

Establishment : Relaxation Massage 

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/1527 Burwood highway tecoma http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...in-tecoma.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $45 for 30 mins ($100 all up)

Age : late 30’s

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, DATY, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : value yes, recommend absolutely

My experience/comments : Have seen Joy a few times at this establishment and one other in Mentone. Always great service, takes you into the room, gives her a pineapple, which she will only take if you stick it her bra and have a play with the massive cans. Sometimes she will stay in the room sometimes she leaves whilst you get undressed. This time she stayed in the room and undressed me, playing with the tackle and rubbing through the boxers. Always saying ohh I look after this for you!. Up on the table face down and out comes the oil, a firm Massage with plenty of crack play and ball tickling, blowing air on the ass.This lasts for about 15 minutes, then comes the flip over. 
At full attention she goes straight in with the mouth and starts sucking, was almost ready to blow when she pulled off. I said my turn and she lay on the table, I started dining, very wet and very soon there was some arching of the back (could be all for show). She starts giggling and going stop, stop. I lay back on the table and get the obligatory hand finish with her biting the nipples while I play with the melons.

Plenty in the explosion, she says too much and has a hard time cleaning it all up. She gets the hot towel and cleans me up and leaves the room. Once dressed she comes back in and gives the happy to see you again, gropes the balls and big kiss with plenty of tongue. Stash another pineapple in her bra and gives the nips a tweak again.

Another quality visit with Joy, I am not sure if FS would be on offer but I might try one day.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th October 2017, 03:22 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So did you finish up paying $100.00 over & above the massage charge ?
Or was it $100.00 all up ?
Either way, it was a sensational session.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th October 2017, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: Haggis
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$100 all up


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th October 2017, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
WOW !! Excellent value. Thank you for the intel. Gold.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PERSON'S NAME : Joy

ESTABLISHMENT : Relaxation Massage

DATE OF VISIT: Sunday15/10/2017

CONTACT:
Details/Address/Weblink : 717 Warragul Road Chadstone Victoria
Phone  0406 616 699

https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...pen-today.html

Note the ad says Oakleigh, but is actually in Chadstone.

HOURS OF BUSINESS : 7 days 10am - 8.30pm

RATES : 30 Mins – $50 

AGE : late 30s early 40s

SIZE/SHAPE : Voluptuous, curvy, a bit of padding but not overly fat. Medium height.

NATIONALITY OR ETHNICITY:
Maybe Korean ?

ENGLISH : OK, excellent phone manner.

SERVICES PROVIDED : 
Massage, HJ, tit play, pussy play. Other punters report significantly more on offer.

VALUE FOR MONEY/RECOMMEND ? Not for me on this occasion.

MY EXPERIENCE / COMMENTS :  
I rung Joy last Monday at Tecoma. She was very friendly & flirty over the phone. " I give you naughty naughty massage" etc. I apologised & said "I can't make it today, but I'll see you tomorrow." She told me she worked at Chadstone on Tuesdays. I didn't get there.

However on Sunday I was in the Chadstone area & walked in. She was there by herself. She was friendly & flirty. I thought BINGO !!

She was a bit chunky, but who cares if the quality of the service is there. She went straight to my arse with the oil & gave the whole botty area a very nice seeing to. She then went to the head of the table & immediately plonked my hands on her arse. 

I may have been a bit too eager. I bought my hands around the front & she took a step back. I thought this was to give me better access. I tried to rub her fanny & lifted my head up so I could have a bit of a munch. 

She quickly moved to the side of the table and suggested the flip. She went to the other side & poured oil on my cock & balls. 

Then the bloody door jingle jangled and she apologised and went out to talk to a punter. I could hear every word. He was very polite, she wanted him to wait, but he said he'd be back later.

She comes back to me & apologises again & tries to remember what stage she was up to. Again she starts playing with my limp dick. I play with her arse & start to pull her knickers down. Jingle bloody jangle again. More apologies & this time the punter is gone very quickly.

So once more we try to get back into the swing of things. It is not going well, neither of us is turned on, but I have high expectations. Again I go to grope her fanny & she immediately adjusts her top & flops her tits out. So I am sucking on a nipple while she gives my cock some much needed attention. 

Again the fuckin door jingle jangles. I whisper just loud enough for her to hear "Oh..fuck me dead!!"  This  time she and the punter whisper to each other for several minutes & she plants him in the next cubicle.

She returns, and this time doesn't apologise. She tells me that her " friend" is here. She seems genuinely excited about that & seems to think I should be too. 

So round 3 begins. Again she starts handling my cock. & this time I go straight for her knickers. She pulls her tits out again, and I yank away at her undies. She only wants them to come down enough to allow access but I want them off. We compromise, they are around her ankles. She constantly gives me the shoosh sign and points to the next door cubicle. 

I let her know that I am unhappy. She puts her tits away, & pulls her pants up. She is getting ready to really go to work on my cock. 

I said "Forget it". I got off the table & got dressed. Fortunately I still had a softy, so no struggle for me. She was trying to be nice, & she brought in a drink of water & a lolly. I declined her hospitality.

She knew I was angry & apologised a few times. As I was leaving she patted my arse and said next time I give you good massage. I quietly informed her that there won't be a next time.

I had the distinct impression that she just wanted to get rid of me, so that she could attend to her "friend".

I can fully understand how she would really float some punters boats. Despite my being very pissed off with her, I must admit, that she is a nice person with an extremely outgoing personality.

I know that other credible punters have reported fantastic experiences with her. 
I have also been advised that the Tecoma shop has more privacy and is likely to render a better result.

We just didn't click. My over eagerness, the interruptions, & she wanting to get to her "friend", all contributed to a very ordinary punt.

Oh well, can't win em all !!

What have I learnt ?
1. If I see her again, it will only be at the Tecoma shop.

2. I would only make a booking, with the qualification that there would be no interruptions.

3. Like a lot of masseuses she is a control freak. Unfortunately, so am I. If there is to be a next time, I would let her call the shots. She obviously knows what she is doing, and resents being guided.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review there Pancho and shame about the interruptions that wreaked havoc on your experience.
I do like your second rule: to only make a booking with the qualifications that there would be no interruptions.
That'll certainly make them have a think about it. Hard when they are on there own but they can always lock the front door.


