Thread Title: Relaxing Healing Hands - 20 Droop St, Footscray, VIC - 0420761768
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2017, 07:21 PM
Poster ID: figid
Post Title: 
 Relaxing Healing Hands - 20 Droop St, Footscray, VIC - 0420761768
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tracey+Camellia

Establishment : Relaxing Healing Hands

Date of Visit : 8/11/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 20 Droop St, Footscray, VIC. 0420761618. No website. Ad here: http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...Footscray.html

Hours of Business : 10am til 9pm

Rates : $50 + $30 topless tug

Age : 21 Tracey and about 40 Camellia

Size/shape : 8 and 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and tug but see below for details

Value for money/recommend? : Not really, no.

My experience/comments : Two girls yes but doesn't sound as good as you'd hope.

Walked in and Tracey was a gorgeous uni student with braces and cheerful smile, looked Japanese but wasn't.  I stripped nude, despite the signs on the wall and the massage began and it was nothing special. 

I was hoping for more of course and complimented her skills, dropped a few sighs but didn't touch her as was getting nothing back but a cheerful "thankyou!". After completing back and legs massage with no sign of tease I was very doubtful for more. She laid a towel on my back and suddenly "ok thankyou" and fled the scene. Didn't even turn me over lol!

I thought wow I've managed to strike out in Footscray.  Pleasant looking Mamasan comes in and asks for feedback, as she was new girl. I said "she was fine but..." she started nuzzling up to me and we both knew what I missed out on. Negotiated 30 bucks to finish me off. She lifted her top and did the job with her tit in mouth but no oil, dry. Not my finest hour. Oh well.  Tracey was pretty at least but may be off limits.  YMMV tho.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th November 2017, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She won’t last too long in that neighbourhood.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd May 2018, 09:57 PM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: 
 Helium at 20 Droop st
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helun

Establishment : Yellow Rose massage

Date of Visit : 22/5/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 20 Droop st Footscray 

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $50/30 $60/45 $70/60

Age : 21

Size/shape : Size 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Nude Mutual Massage, Nude hj

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe, if I want youth instead of service. 

My experience/comments : 

Saw "Helun" today at droop st, thought face wasn't that great but had a nice young & slender body. Gave her my.$40 change when she entered. Did give a good firm medium massage,.welcome but unexpected from a Footscray MP..

On the flip, I tell her I want to massage her..
While undressing, when down to her panties, she says
 "I take off, No Inside". Being a gentleman, of course I agree. 

The panties come off & she lays face down. Has a nice ass indeed! Can't use oil for the massage, only dry..

After focusing on her back & butt,I turn her over, massaging her neck, shoulders & her pert A cups. Her nipples are responsive when I tweak & kiss them. Go to kiss her on the mouth, "No Kiss". Start to work my way lower, "No tongue down there". She says "lay down - hj" while. going to put.her clothes on, but I get her to lay beside me while she does so, my. right hand on her ass, my.mouth sucking one nipple, my left hand caressing the other - my preferred way of getting a hj.

After.the cleanup, Mamasan came in to say hello while I was laying face up for a quick chat.
This is something I'm not a fan of, so despite having at least 5 mins left on the clock, I got dressed..

.While nearly anywhere else this service would be a bargain, plenty of places in the West where 2 pineapples gets you Much more than a Hj.

Hell, the first time I went to this same shop, an older ML performed "consensual rape" on me, insisting on getting a Dom & mounting me within 10 minutes..


