Thread Title: Relaxed to be massage - williamstown - 0481 218 670
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd May 2019, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: Cobber008
Post Title: 
 Relaxed to be massage - williamstown - 0481 218 670
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : RELAXED TO BE MASSAGE - WILLIAMSTOWN

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 39A Ferguson Street Williamstown https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...LIAMSTOWN.html

Phone : 0481 218 670

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $75 - 60min

Age : 20's

Size/shape : 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, Bodyslide, RnT and the odd FS if you take protection and the girl likes you

Value for money/recommend? : Hit and miss

My experience/comments : The shop is right next door to Domino's Pizza however has a rear access down the laneway to the left, if you don't want the attention. The girls change fairly regularly however the service stays pretty much the same. All the girls as young'ish, mid 20's and slim body size. Massage is more of a body rub than a deep tissue or anything like that. Gets quite sensual at times and depending on the girl with either ask you straight up or about 1/2 way through if your after more. About $100 gets you a naked Bodyslide with touching and if the girl is feeling a connection could lead to FS if you bring your own protection. Mentioning the Locanto add gives a $5 off the inital massage price, so $170 for a 1 hr massage with bodyslide and HJ, or the chance of FS isnt the best price, however if you get the right girl the service is worth it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2020, 12:44 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: 
 Relaxed 2B massage - Williamstown - Nana
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : RELAXED TO BE MASSAGE - WILLIAMSTOWN

Date of Visit : January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 39A Ferguson Street Williamstown 

Phone : 0481 218 670

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $50- 30min

Age : 20's

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, Bodyslide, RnT and BBJ 

Value for money/recommend? :OK as first time here: 


My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Decided to try this place as in town and keen to get a load out LOL
Typical massage place with the flashing open sign in window. I walk in and walk down a long narrow hallway before coming to reception area and was greeted by who I suspect was the massamum older asian woman. She asks how long and I say 30 minutes, she says $50 pointing to head and shoulders rate so I pay her and she shows me to room nearby, I undress and wait to see who comes in, a young quite pretty asian girl comes in, slim with cups, nice long dark hair and can speak English OK, she proceeds to give me a pretty good massage, she knows what she is doing, doesn't use too much oil and does a good job on shoulders and neck and back and buttocks. I reckon we are about half way through my time and she starts to tickle the boys and I look up and she has pillow ready for me to turn over, no need to cover up and asks what I want. I motion for HJ and she says How much, I say take off and I give you $50, she says no but proceeds to slip down top leaving at waist level and starts very nice soft cat bath while stroking the Johnson, then she asks again how much for (pointing to her mouth). I say another $50 and she says OK. So she then proceeds to kiss and gently caress all around the area getting me so hard I could jackhammer concrete.  She even does a little bit of DFK, Anyway she then slowly starts to put me inside her mouth and OMG it is sooo good. The build up was amazing.    I warn her I am about to cum and she takes a couple of shots before removing her mouth and letting me explode the rest all over myself. She ensures I have emptied my bag before using some tissues to clean me up and then goes out to grab a wet towell and clean me up,  too bad it alll happened a bit fast but she was good, I gather these girls are up for anything depending on whether they know you or not, this was my first time and I still had a good time. Ill come back again another time to try them out again. I went out with a smile at least.  She was nice and gave me a kiss good bye.


