Thread Title: Romantics - Colebrook St Brunswick - 03 9386 0206
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th May 2019, 01:50 AM
Poster ID: markg620
Post Title: 
 Romantics - Colebrook St Brunswick - 03 9386 0206
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : Romantics, colebrook St, brunswick 

Date of Visit : Friday 17/5/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.romanticsbrothel.com

Phone :  93860206

Hours of Business : 10am to 3am (5am weekends) 

Rates : 225 per hour 

Age : late 20s 

Size/shape : slim, short, hot

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : cat bath, bbbj, full service 

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : (Summer Romantics 


Headed into Romantics after a few beers on a night out. I’ve been there a couple of times before, many years ago, thought I’d visit again.
Youngish Asian guy at the desk, super unfriendly, take some into the intro room. The girls come in and leave one at a time as usual, all tidy fit little Asians in lingerie and heals, little undies showing their cute little arses, one in a bikini. What I found different about this place is how aggressive the girls are in the intro, grabbing the arm and trying to drag you to the desk “You come with me”, “I take care of you, Daddy”. Two of them said the same line “Come with me , I lick your arsehole”. Jesus, full on. Good, but full on. One got shirty when I said wanted to see the next girls. She semi-stormed off. Anyway. 


I chose Summer, Chinese I think, cute enough, slim and friendly. 

We do the money bit and she leads me into the room. Room’s ok. She leaves and I shower. Takes a long time to come back. The room is a little cold, but I think she must’ve turned the heater on cos it seems to get warmer. Back in and she’s carry a little basket of stuff with her, with condoms, lube and mouth wash in it. She takes swig of the mouth wash and spits into a plastic bag, which she ties up. Weird. But whatever. 
And it’s straight down to business. She starts licking my chest and stroking my thighs, sucking my nipples, and makes her way down for a magic bbbj. Good eye contact and she’s almost taking me over the edge. I have to give a tap to stop. On with the dom and a I flip her over into missionary. Pussies tight and I pump away for a while, still good eye contact, and she doesn’t over do the moans, just enough to make me feel like she’s into it.
She gets on her hands and knees and I enter her from behind. She reaches through between her legs and plays with my balls, which is about all I can take and that’s it for me. Blow my load and it’s over. 

She comes into the shower with me and washes my cock and my back. Nice.


