Thread Title: Rose - Newport - 0424 788 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd January 2020, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: 
 Rose - Newport - 0424 788 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : Shop – Mulan Massage 4/330 Melbourne Rd, Newport 

Date of Visit : Jan 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 788 668

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm everyday

Rates : $100 for half hour massage FS, BBBJ 

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Mature lady with standard tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Sensual relaxation, massage, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes

So I ring the bell on the door and a mature lady answers the door, she says head to the room and await her return. The door swings open and a 40 year old woman meets me and says what are you after, I asked what can she do for me, straight away she said some nice things about me and then the menu, so cut to the chase…the lot.I give her the 100, she asks me to get undressed and leaves for a moment, she was gone all of a minute. She sees that I'm just about ready, and starts chatting about what we can do, and I said let's just do it. She is undressed within a minute, to reveal a medium build mature women with slight boobs that are acting their age, but the slight tummy was a giveaway to her age of 40+, however I did glimpse her bits that were hanging out of her bush, not the biggest but sticking out, maybe she was worked up or had been today.

She then begins the massage my on back, she was gentle and went through the motion for about 5 mins before she goes to the draw and pulls out some wipe and tissues, next I'm being inspected and cleaned on the old bum hole before drying and her jamming her tongue right up the clacker, and I mean it felt awesome. This continues for at least 10 minutes changing her ways each time, and licking down between the cock and bulls and the rim, it felt alright indeed.
She then said to flip over and without delay swallowed me with a very good BBBJ, one of the better ones of had in recent times. Rose then pushed me back on the table and got up on top and proceeded to rub herself all over a s body slide of sorts, with a concentrated effort on the balls and cock, she was wet so that made for interesting moment when she started looking at me close face to face, wants a DFK, but I'm not into that particularly after a firm rimming and that's is not appealing, but her body slide was good.

She went and got some oil and proceeded to give me a slower and gentle body slide with oil again grinding her hips, before I knew it she had me almost mounted but for my interjection, so she pulled out a condom and flipped it over the top and proceeded to slide it all the way around those swollen lips, now I knew why they were so big, she works them hard. We change into doggy for a bit before finishing with slamming her with her back down on the table and me standing, getting really good penetration, and she loved it.

Not long after I unload in the Dom, before our rest and clean up and chat about the shop. The range of women is such 30's 40's and 50's due to demand of this age group, not sure about that, but she said some of the girls do more that includes Anal, BBFS and CIM, which I think Rose might do some of this but not sure yet, will have to try again and establish for myself.
She and I dress and head out and on my way.


