Thread Title: Royal Garden Bodycare - 03 9696 4021
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2017, 08:24 AM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: 
 Royal Garden Bodycare - 03 9696 4021
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dorothy

Establishment : Royal Garden Bodycare - City Road Melb

Date of Visit : 22/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 039 696 4021  530 City Road South Melbourne

Hours of Business : Mon-Sat 10am-9pm  Sun  11am - 8pm

Rates : $85 for the hour opening special for full body hot oil massage

Age : 28-30

Size/shape : size 8  b cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, naked, B2B oil, HJ, dirty talk

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah was OK ( I should have haggled a bit more LOL)

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I decided to try out this shop in City Road as it has GRAND OPENING on the front door, special price.
Cruised in and asked the Massamum what was on offer, she said they have special rates for opening, good price, clean rooms, hot showers, full body oil massage, you like?

And of course I said YES!!  book me in for 1 hour...  OK $85 please!!!

I am then shown to room and greeted by Dorothy a young Asian girl, looked OK, I was allowed to undress, put on robe and shown to shower to have clean up first, nice soft clean towels.
Then back to room, lay on the clean table with a warm electric blanket underneath to keep the table and boys warm,  not too bad I think.

So Dorothy introduces herself, asks what type of massage and I say Hard please on back , normal everywhere else. so she proceeds to give me a fantastic and very expert massage on my back and I mean really good. she was up on table with her legs and hands and elbows, shew was putting my hand in between her legs (nice) and stretching my arm and shoulder muscles while pushing on my had and neck to release my tightness. Well Ill be glad when she offer to "release my tightness".  Anyway the massage is going great, she uses hot oil on my back, plenty of it so I am glad I can use shower again afterwards as well.  Then she goes around to my head and whispers into my ear, we have special on today what would you like?  I ask the obvious questions, What you offer?
So the go is, $50 for top off and HJ with oil and $150 for full naked B@B hot oil massage and HJ. well I was haggling a bit and she was not really wanting to change and since it was new shop and I was as toey as a "wombat digging a hole"
I said yes to everything , well I have to say it was fantastic!!!,  she disrobed completely, poured oil all over me and proceeded to give me a version of a nuru body slide massage and it was really good, she used all of her body all over me before asking me to turn over. And by this time I was gagging for it as she had wound me up tighter than a spring in a wind up toy. Well she hops up on top of me, pours more oil both over me and her and proceeds to rub herself all over me, sliding her pussy across my hard cock, like she was almost going to shove it in , but of course didn't.  She then moves forward so my cock is behind her and grabs hold of it and starts to thrust gently while talking dirty, imitating fucking me, OMG it felt soo good.  Well it wasn't long before I blew and she is still talking dirty and moving her hand all over my cock ensuring she gets every little bit out of me. phew  it was fantastic!!!!!!...  She eventually hops off and cleams herself and me up and I whack on the robe and go off and have a shower before coming back into room, while is is setting it for next customer. well we had gone well over the alotted time but she didnt care and I was happy even though it was a bit expensive, will have to haggle a bit next time .....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd October 2017, 09:52 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thx for the review GF38 - was a great session. How long into the massage was her offer for B2B and clothes off?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd October 2017, 10:25 AM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Frontloader


Thx for the review GF38 - was a great session. How long into the massage was her offer for B2B and clothes off
"""



Probably about 20 minutes in. I would assume after 1st visit when I return it would be from the beginning as she would already be determining what I wanted from start as a repeat customer 


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st October 2017, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: nocturnalboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Renee

Establishment : Royal Garden Bodycare - City Road Melb

Date of Visit : 31 October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 039 696 4021 530 City Road South Melbourne

Hours of Business : Mon-Sat 10am-9pm Sun 11am - 8pm

Rates : Opening special of $85 for a one hour full body massage - plus extras.

Age : early 40's I would say

Size/shape :  Size 10 B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Full body massage, nude massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yep - for sure

My experience/comments : My experience was a little different to Goldfinger's. I was a walk up - only Renee was there (although I heard at least one more arrive during the massage). Not a stunner face wise, but nice enough. I went for the Special - they even take cards! A delicious massage - offered the choice of hard or soft and I went for soft.

45 minutes of pleasure in a clean room, warm table, clean towels, nice music and low lights. I wasn't sure if anything was going to happen while I was face down - no hint in any way.

On the flip Renee asked if I'd like the "Special Massage". Initially this was going to be $50 for a HJ and another $50 for nude. I offered her $80 for both and she was very happy with that. This girl knows how to handle a cock............. Naked she looks pretty good for her age, nice tits and a smooth cunt. Fingering was allowed and she got nice n wet for me. She loved the attention.

A great clean up with a hot damp towel after a big fat orgasm, and a friendly good bye.

This is one of 3 shops - Queen St and Reservoir are the other 2. This one is new so it's cheaper for the moment. I'll be back for sure. I'll try another girl next time, even though there was nothing wrong with Renee - she only works there Tuesdays.

Enjoy boys while the prices are down!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd November 2017, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oldest trick in the book. "Opening Special"


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd November 2017, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Like a Persian Rug places "closing down' sale


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th November 2017, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dorothy

Establishment : Royal Garden Bodycare

Date of Visit : 12/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9696 4021 / 530 City Road, South Melbourne / Royal Garden Bodycare - Massage Melbourne CBD

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $85 p/hr

Age : 25-30-ish

Size/shape : 8 / Slim B Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Body Slide

Value for money/recommend? : Bit Expensive / OK

My experience/comments :

Rang first to ask who was on and was told Dorothy was free, so continued on in.
Was met by an older lady, who took my money and showed me into the room.
Luckily, she was not Dorothy and was joined shortly by a late 20's girl who seemed to remember me, however, I had never been before.
What proceeded was a pretty good massage,  but an even better body slide.
Copious mounts of oil on both of us had her slipping and grinding and struggling to stay atop I'm sure.
Onto the flip and I was looking forward to a repeat performance, however, this time was more a straddle as mentioned above with my cock being rubbed between butt cheeks and her hands.
Was still fantastic nonetheless and didn't take long to release a load all down her back probably 
There was no way hot towels was gonna cut it today, so was shown into the shower down the hall to clean up and bounce my way into the afternoon.
All up was too expensive ($150 extra) for me and don't think I'll be returning as great as it was.
I'm sure there are other cheaper body slide options around just as good that people can recommend (hint)
It's just that it was a first slide for me, but definitely not the last lol :-)


Floor: #8
Post Time: 24th January 2018, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dorothy
Establishment:   Royal Garden Bodycare
Date of Visit:    19/12/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: (03) 9696 4021 / 530 City Road, South Melbourne / Royal Garden Bodycare - Massage Melbourne CBD

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm
Rates:                   $85 p/hr + $150 Extra
Age:                     25-30-ish
Size/shape:           8 / Slim B Cups
Nationality:           Chinese
Services Provided: Massage, Nude Body Slide & HJ
Value for money/recommend? : No / Yes

Was over a month since my last visit here, but was investigating options on backpage last Fri and was reminded about the possibility of a bodyslide.
Now Dorothy's service must have stuck in my mind as I immediately rang and was delighted to find she was working and free a little later.
I remembered the service, but probably forgot about the price lol 
$150 for the extra is ridiculous I know, but I justified it against a backdrop of ordinary BP experiences both personally and other reviews here.
The massage itself is awesome, what Dorothy can do massaging with her butt cheeks, pussy and boobs is better than many a masseuse can do with their hands.
Her hands are pretty magic too and is genuinely talented at seeking out and remedying knots.
But it's the slide I cam for and was exactly as per above.  Plenty of oil, lots of slip 'n slide with simulated straddled sex finish with the cock being rubbed vigorously between her butt cheeks.
I had to change the Value for Money to be a definite NO from the previous review, but strangely feel that a Recommendation of YES is still justified.
Each to their own I guess, I just like Dorothy's nature, sexy service which when combined with actual massage skills is a rare combo.
I also should add, I'm a bit of novice to the whole body slide thing so maybe there are better options out there  people can suggest trying ?
Will probably not return due to the expense, but I said that last time too lol 
I need another slide option to try and review.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th November 2019, 04:44 PM
Poster ID: nocturnalboy
Post Title: 
 Royal Massage - South Melbourne - 03 9696 4021
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :May

Establishment : Royal Massage

Date of Visit : 1 Nov 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 530 City Road South Melbourne 
Royal Garden Bodycare - Massage Melbourne

Phone :(03) 9696 4021 or 1800 4 ROYAL

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 8:00pm

Rates : $90 for 1 hour massage - $120.00 for wax

Age : Well over 40

Size/shape : 10 to 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage and wax

Value for money/recommend? : May - be not

My experience/comments : I needed a wax - I was well over due - and I figured I should try out the dodgey looking place in City Rd. As soon as I walked in I could tell this was not a legit place - although no doubt legit services are provided also - but it's cheap, poorly lit and everything looks second hand.
May is way past second hand - she's had many more than 2 for sure.
To be fair, the wax was adequate and not too bad VFM - but the tug was very typical of a middle aged Chinese woman who'd rather not be doing it. Mechanical, fast and to the point.
Won't be going back for either the wax or the tug.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 27th November 2019, 10:43 PM
Poster ID: ethanle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
May is the owner. Her husband usually works at reception while his wife is at the back tugging lol.


