Thread Title: Royal Garden Bodycare - Reservoir - 03 9460 2148
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st May 2016, 12:05 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: 
 Royal Garden Bodycare - Reservoir - 03 9460 2148
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Elizabeth

Establishment: Shop

Date of Visit: Early April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 03 9460 2148 Royal Garden Bodycare - Massage Melbourne CBD

Hours of Business: Mon to Sat 9am to 10pm & Sun 11am to 7pm

Rates: Various, see site for prices, main prices for full body massages are: 45min $85, 1hr $100, 1.5hr $150

Age: 26

Size/shape: Size 12+ and curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Says she is Korean

Services Provided: Massage, Body Slide, maybe more on offer with other girls.

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe, pricey extras

My experience/comments:

In early April, I visited this massage shop as this place has always caught my eye when I pass it either by car or on the train and wanted to take a punt when I'm free.
I visited this place in early April on a Saturday, and have this review in my notes but haven't had a chance to post it, so here it is.

Had a few days free as the family was away and I get to play, I visited a couple of places during this time and this place was one of them.

I visited on a Saturday and the place seemed very quiet, as I got through the front door, I was met with the mamasan, she was on the phone speaking rather loudly and sounded pissed off from the sound of voice and face expression. so had a sat down on the waiting area, place seem pretty clean.

After mamasan was done on the phone, I said I wanted a 45min full massage, damage was $85 and handed over the $. So she escorted me to the back, I can see a number of rooms, but she took me further back of the building, past the kitchen and into one of the rooms in the back area. As I entered the room, the room had a good setup with a massage table in the middle, a small wall shelf at the back withe neatly stacked fresh towels, and to my surprise, there was a full corner shower! I thought to myself, oh here go 
At this stage my massage lady has not entered the room yet so I didn't know what I was getting, after taking a good look at the room, a size 12+ lady walks in. She introduced herself as Elizabeth, Korean, 26 with very good english.
One of the first questions asked was, have you been here before, as a punter we all know what the answer should be. I said yes but told a fib that I normally go to the City store (as I knew there was one in the city) and it's my first time at this store, that's when she told me that she normally works at the City store and never seen me before, I said I don't go often  She said she was just filling in that day, before we started I said is extra's on offer and she smiled and said if you have been to city store, then you should know, not straight out saying yes but knew it was yes. She said she offers full nude body slide and ask how much I was willing to pay, I said $50, she declined and said a little more, I said $60, she declined again and said she normally charges $150 for her body slides, thinking to myself, that's a bloody rip off, since I hadn't had a punt in a while, we settled for $70, a bit pricey for total $155 for 45 min, oh well.

I stripped as per the norm and laid on my back, she was very easy to talk to but has a strong personality which I feel doesn't take crap of anyone if you try to talk her down, during the conversation prior to starting, she said he was studying Physio at Uni in the city, asked if I wanted soft, med or hard, I opted for hard since I have had back issues lately and need a deep massage.
The first 20 minutes or so, the massage was focusing on part of my back that need the knots taken out and boy was it a good massage, she wasn't kidding when she said she studied Physio, the massage was a bit hard for my liking but boy did she work on those knots, the type of massage that I was happy just to pay $85 for. After she got the massage out of the way, it was time for the body slide, she stripped down show her size 12+ and curvy figure, a bit on the chubby side with ok size boobs, not big but kinda small for her figure, and the face is ok, nothing like super model so I give her a 7/10. Still on my back, on came the baby oil on my back, the slide started very slow and sensual and I can feel the prickles from her pubic hair which I sense it was shaven recently on my butt cheeks and back, her boobs got a nice contact on my back which I can feel her hardened nipples, at this stage I was hard as a rock, then came the tap, the signal for the flip. On the flip, on came more baby oil and started the body slide again, again feeling the prickles, I've had a few body slides in the past and I can see this body slide is below par that I have experienced in the past, seems very mechanical with not a lot of technique involved, just up and down, slow and fast, then repeat, this didn't last long so next was the hand job, technique varied from slow to fast, nothing special, I was allowed to touch her boobs and nipples and her ass, tried to get around the back and into her pussy but twitched signalling me this is a no go are for her, I didn't pursue it and continued to grab her ass and boobs and finished over the line and blew my load.
A quick clean up and she then popped into the shower to clean herself off, after she finished, she said I can have a shower and left the room. Had a quick shower trying to get rid of all the baby oil, had the essentials, body wash, shampoo/conditional. After the shower, there was a fresh glass of water and some mentos waiting for me, staying in the room waiting for her to come back which she didn't so I decided to leave the room and navigate to the front desk where she was taking to the mamasan. Bid my farewell and left.

Overall it was an ok punt, a bit on the pricey side with nothing to show, I assume the girls work here will set their own prices, it's only one girl so may have more luck with other girls working there, so might try my luck again sometime.
Instead of the body slide I could have negotiated something cheaper like HJ or something else but the conversation I had, she wanted the expensive extras. Again your mileage my vary with this place.

Apologies if you have fallen asleep reading this review.

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st May 2016, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The answer to" have u been here before", and u haven't should be no.  We shouldn't have to lie. Especially if your about to be gauged of your bank balance.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2016, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Since you put it that way, note taken  Specially for those who are new to punting like myself, tips are good.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th April 2017, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: ethanle
Post Title: 
 Royal Garden Bodycare - 29 Johnson Street, Reservoir North VIC. -03 9460 2148
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  May

Establishment :  Royal Garden Body Care

Date of Visit : thurs, 6th April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  29 Johnson Street, Reservoir North VIC. 9460 2148 (They also have one in the Melbourne CBD - Ground Floor, 140 Queen Street VIC. 9642 4368)   Royal Garden Bodycare - Massage Melbourne CBD

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : 30min Massage $60 / HJ $50

Age : 40+

Size/shape : B Cup, Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Needed a proper massage and thought I'd try this place as I know it's been opened for years.

Walked in and was greeted by an older lady named May. Requested for a 30 minute massage ($60) and was led to one of the rooms. 

As she led me to the room, I asked if there were any other girls working. She replied they were all busy unless I wanted to wait another 20+ minutes.

Couldn't be bothered waiting so I agreed to having her as the masseuse.
The room is fairly clean with showers etc.
Was told to undress and lay facedown on the table and she would be back in a few minutes.

Decided to just lay butt naked and see what happens.

As she came back she placed a towel over my backside and oiled me up and started her massage. In my opinion I would say she actually knows what she's doing, not running her hands up and down counting down the time.

Towards the end of the massage, she started massaging my lower back and suddenly I felt baby oil drip down my crack and onto my balls.. then like her hand "accidentally" touched my balls... she asked, oh, you didn't want special did you?

I asked how much and she replied $50.
I then asked at least with your top off? She said no, then I replied well if I'm paying $50 you have to atleast show me something..

She agreed and said it was once of as she never takes it off for other customers.

Her handjob wasn't rushed, she took her time stroking with one hand and the other one massaging the balls. She did allow touching over her bra, nothing else. 
I would say the handjob lasted a good 10 minutes, she then wiped me down and off to the shower I went.

I did ask if she offered anything else but HJ, she said no... then again I wouldn't pay $100 to sleep with someone her age lol









Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


