Thread Title: Samui Sunset Thai Massage - 177B Bridge Rd, Richmond - 03 9428 6388
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th November 2014, 03:01 PM
Poster ID: camui
Post Title: 
 Samui Sunset Thai Massage - 177B Bridge Rd, Richmond - 03 9428 6388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : Samui Sunset thai massage

Date of Visit : November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 177B Bridge road, Richmond

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : 75/ 1hr

Age : 29 (told me her age)

Size/shape : Medium height, great body, nice bust but hidden under clothes

Nationality or Ethnicity :Thai

Services Provided : Massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : not bad but costly

Experience/Comments: So i was in the area and felt like I could do with a massage so did a little exploring and found this place on a small side street off Bridge Road. Once again, the entrance looks seedy enough that it suggests something more may be on the table than just the common massage. Walked in and headed up the stairs into what seemed to be a really old apartment with several rooms. Taken to the reception I see two girls, one slightly larger and one slimmer and better looking, hoping she'd be my masseuse. She asks how long i want, i tell her 60mins and I pay and she leads me to the room, asks me to strip and says shell be back. I strip down and lie on the futon and she returns about 5mins later. As she enters I noticed she took her jacket off to reveal a really nice figure with a good bust. She starts by asking what sort of massage I would like which i respond 'relaxation', but afterward i questioned myself on whether I should've asked what types she had in mind. The massage is pretty good as she starts from the lower body, legs and lower back and moves towards the upper back then arms. She took some knots out of my upper back which were there for about a week which felt really good but apart from that more or less an average-good massage. During the massage there wasnt any teasing which was a let down. Fast forward to the flip, she begins to massage my chest in a more sensual manner which was sort of a hint at which pooint she whispered to me, 'you want this?', pointing to my member. I asked how much and she said "$50". At first i was speechless at the cost but i was at the point of no return as i needed the relief. She began slowly rubbing around the crotch which was good as it wasnt just a straight mechanical tug. As i started to moan she began to go faster till shot my load and it was all over. She got tissues to clean me up then brought a hot towel to wipe down. then she asked if i wanted a head massage to which i couldnt reply no. After a good head massage and a bit of a chat it was all done and I left pretty satisfied. I probably wouldn't return as it was only a HJ and an expensive one at that.


