Thread Title: Samui Sunset Massage - 313 Bay St, Port Melbourne - 03 9645 3323
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2013, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: ptc
Post Title: 
 Samui Sunset Massage - 313 Bay St, Port Melbourne - 03 9645 3323
				
Post Content: 
On Bay St Port MElbourne. This is a rub n tug. aAbout $70 for a 1 hour massage + an extra $50 fo rthe extras. Ask for May, she is nice and will jerk you off with a nice smile. They will rarely/never take their gear off even if you offer more $. Facilities are ok, pretty standard. Separate rooms but the walls are paper thin and you can quite often hear the conversation in the room next door! You can buy amemebership for 12 months for $50 which gives you $10 off each visit. Worth the $ and I am a regular these days.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th January 2014, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: KingCock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visiting Melbourne and friends and family over the Summer (well not really a Summer here in Melbourne lol), anyway, an acquaintance of mine advised me about a "girl" called Patty who works at a couple of these establishments that she is a Lady Boy. Just letting you guys know in case that's not your thing. Apparently she also does private work, I've pasted the link to the locanto ad:

SeXY trans Sara Available now in the city. Happy 2014 ), melbourne

Happy punting you guys in Melbourne!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th January 2014, 01:11 AM
Poster ID: Chunkers4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I can confirm that Patty or Paddy is a trans.  I was a semi-regular in their chain a couple of years back and ran into he/she while waiting for my masseuse to be ready.   Adams Apple, Big Jaw-line, big hands and very tall (for a Thai girl) and low voice....though he/she is not that bad looking for a tranny....have seen worse ones before.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th January 2015, 10:45 PM
Poster ID: tango28
Post Title: 
 Samui sunset
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : samui sunset

Date of Visit : 8/1/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.samuisunset.com.au Port Melbourne

Hours of Business : 10am till 10pm

Rates : $75 an hour (discounts with frequent card you can buy

Age : 30+ years

Size/shape : nice build, small cups, good smile

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : you bet

My experience/comments :

been to this place many times, and it has its ups and downs
ups 
-nice girls
-almost all will do hj
-most will do great massage
Donwnsides
-expensive for what it is
-rooms a little rundown

I called up and arranged appointment with bella (have seen her before)
was show to the room and told to get changed.
lay there for about 10mins awaiting her return, when she cmes back in, she gives me a cheeky peck on the ear, which is nice.
then we get started with the massage.

the massage it self probably went for 30mins, and overall she is really talented when it comes to getting knots out.
then she begins working her magic(while im still on my stomach) she uses plenty of oil, and is really an expert at working the tool.
then I turn over, and she continues at a slow pace, she continues and I could have let her for another 2 hrs at same pace, however I know time is going to runout, so ask her to speed up, which she does, and I exploed.

she goes and gets hot towls and cleans me up.

overall a great punt

WIR -yes


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th April 2018, 09:30 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : Samui Sunset  Bay st Pt Melbourne

Date of Visit : 8 April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : above 

Hours of Business : 10-10 pm

Rates : $75 per hr

Age : early 30s

Size/shape :slim and attractive  

Nationality or Ethnicity :Thai 

Services Provided :Massage and HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : I was traveling through the northern suburbs and called in a couple of places but none for me what I wanted.
 I called at Samui in west Melbourne (Victoria st) and after a totally disinterested girl on reception who said she would do the massage ,I declined and headed to Pt Melbourne  Samui

This used to be a fav of mine . I had 3 girls who were into everything.

On this occasion met by a very ordinary on reception who said she was only one available and as I declined , a very attractive 30 or so appeared but had another customer ."Could I come back in an hour"? I agreed.
Her name is Helen.
Arrived back in 1 hour ; paid for an hour $75 and shown  into the room by Helen .
Strip of and lie on the futon mattress sans towel.

Helen comes in . Agree relax ,a wipe down with hot towel and into it.

Her back masage is ordinary.
She tells me she has been studying massage all  last year I speculate she has played the wag from all her classes.
Her massage skills aseriously lacking.

A bid of arse and crack to tell me what is available.

Turn over.Straight away " you want this one done"?

Ok what charges 
"$  50 for HJ clothes on , $200 nude HJ , no further extras"
" Aha $200 is a bit steep I can get that and bbbj and FS elsewhere all up  $100"

She gesticulated ""$50 for HJ , Plus $50 top off , plus $50 for bottom off " 

Me: "that is $150!, what is othe $50 for ?" 
She: " that is to touch "

Well I laugh She says " you want happy woman , you pay"
more mirth from me She won't budge.
I am starting not to like her style so I won't go above theHJ

"Look HJ is ok" I say ( I know the girls all demand $50 HJ in the Samui joints so I expected that part 

What on earth is going on I think?

I say what guy would pay $200 for a nude HJ "lots" she says

.yeah yeah
She is not to be moved .you are missing I say She is adamant for $200

Well off we go to a clothed HJ 

All the while I am smiling and friendly but not her.

Her demeanor changes She is hard edged and not friendly 
A clenched  mouth ; no smile at all and all through gritted teath  A bit unnerving 

I close my eyes and think of my last girl friend as a young bloke . She is jack hammering me .

I tell her to please stop for a rest .

She starts to "massage" if you could call it that me legs. 

At the 30 minute mark she says I have 10 mins left 

I pull her up and say no half hour left .
A little argue argie bargie and she sullenly continues but with a fixed on smile ( if you could call it that)

She then settles between my legs and starts a new massage.This one is not bad and in 5 min I am over the line.

She cleans up with hot towel and then as I dress cleans the room in a grumpy attidute .as 
As I am just about dressed she has changed (only) the top sheet cover , I hand her $50 and she disappear s with no thank you and no return.

My initial trap was that she is quite attractive amongst this lot and at first a big smile but having experienced her I would not touch her again with the  proverbial barge pole (let alone mine)

She works weekend and Wednesday at heir Albert Park Victoria st venue

Goboy


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th April 2018, 11:19 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
An early 30's women asking 200 for a nude hj, that is a new Melbourne record price.  Thanks Goboy for that information.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 10th April 2018, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
LOl Brauninc .When I put this post on, I speculated how long it would be before you responded in kind
You are right however Joke on me was when I was lying ther she did not look all that attractive
Goboy


Floor: #8
Post Time: 5th March 2019, 09:36 PM
Poster ID: JustaRandom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

 Establishment : Samui Sunset Port Melbourne

 Date of Visit : Feb 2019

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : above 

 Hours of Business : 10-10 pm

 Rates : $75/hr + $50 extra

 Age : late 30s maybe early 40s?

 Size/shape :slim 

 Nationality or Ethnicity :Thai 

 Services Provided :Massage and HJ 

 Value for money/recommend? : Great massage and good HJ - although better FVM elsewhere, was convenient for me that day

 My experience/comments :

had a business meeting in the area on a hot Melbourne day, and had about 2hrs to kill before my meeting.
did some research and few places popped up. took a punt on this one even though not many reviews.

went upstairs and met by an not to bad thai chick, with an older lady in the staff room and a plump younger chick I think.
asked for a 1hr massage and said if I could book you. she said yes no problem.
in the massage room, Summer was great with conversation and we go chatting very quick joking about her name and if it changed with the weather or seasons.
Summer's massage skill are fantastic and I would go back to see her just for that. she does have a cheeky playful side, and we got chatting about being horny and some sexual talk.
on the flip she had me reved up and teasing me for a pineapple HJ... hard to resist so I agreed with some cheeky touching her on my end over the clothes.
she complied with my pace and I came a decent amount all over her hand and my stomach. 
Very hot towel down, some good thai stretching and cracking and downstairs I went to grab lunch before my meeting.
all in all 75 plus the 50 tip, alil more than usual, but I haven't punted in a while so I guess the damage wasn't too bad. plus, in most cases I would have tipped her a 20 just for the massage itself.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 6th March 2019, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Weblink above doesn't work, try this one:  Samui Sunset Traditional Thai Massage and Relaxation Massage. Ph No for Pt Melbourne shop is; 03 9645 3323

Wow, I see they have 6 shops now


Floor: #10
Post Time: 18th May 2019, 10:42 AM
Poster ID: sangag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jaja

Establishment : samui sunset

Date of Visit : 8/5/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Samui Sunset Traditional Thai Massage and Relaxation Massage 
Bay Street Port Melbourne

Hours of Business : 10am till 10pm

Rates : $75 an hour

Age : 30+ years

Size/shape : average, short, nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ, fondle

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments

Booked an appointment and upon entering the place on the second floor, the smell of garlic was overpowering. She was having her lunch at 2:30PM must have been a busy day. 
Shown to a room, undress abs she walks in a few minutes later. First signs of extra that she sits right on my bum I can feel her thighs. 
Not long into the massage that she asks if I wanted extra which is $50 for hj. I negotiated her down to $30 cbd the usual that she has never done it for that tip and I said there is always a first.
Finished will before the hour and took a shower and left. 
Overall an Ok experience and recommended.


