Thread Title: Sangthong Thai Massage - Elsternwick - 03 9532 7022
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2013, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: dirtysmellyboy
Post Title: 
 Sangthong Thai Massage - Elsternwick - 03 9532 7022
				
Post Content: 
Persons name  Queen

Establishment: Sangthong Traditional Thai Massage

Date of Visit: 3 October 2013

Address: 215 Glenhuntly Rd Elsternwick VIC 3185

Phone: (03) 9532 7022

Rates: $70 for 1 hour massage

Looks: Nice face but quite overweight

Age: 30s

Nationality: Thai

Value for Money: Can’t say it is or No its not

What happened

I have been here before, a lot of times, and usually you get a reasonable looking girl who gives a good quality Thai massage and that’s it.

This time a got a large, no really large lady, and the problem is you don’t get to choose. You get told to go to a room upstairs and wait, all prepped with your gear off.

So I am lying face down and in come a lady who says she is queen or queen bee (not sure if that was a joke). She says “you want relaxation massage, yes thank you” So who I am to argue.Next she pours about half a litre of oil on me and spreads it out and starts massaging with her elbows. It’s not really a massage it’s just spreading the oil everywhere and making a big mess.

Every now and then she would wipe her hand deep into my butt crack and with so much oil it felt as though it was seeping inside. Except for the butt sweeps it wasn’t much fun and after a while she says turn over.

She looked pretty tired and was panting a bit from the effort so to get off the hook she grabs the tackle and says “finish you off Sir $30 tip”. I admit I had about a 10% interest but I felt sorry for her so I said OK. She put in about as much effort as the massage and stood like a soldier looking straight ahead and waiting for her cue to stop.

I made an effort to end proceeding as fast as I could, paid over her money and asked for a shower. I have been back a couple of times cos its close but rang first to ask who was on duty. If they said her name I would not go.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th March 2018, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: OzPete
Post Title: 
 Wendy - Sangthong, Elsternwick
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Sangthong,	Elsternwick

Date of Visit : 20/02/2018

Contact	Details/Address/Weblink : 9532 7022

Hours of Business : 10am	-8pm

Rates : $40/30 min plus $30 extras

Age :	50ish

Size/shape : Average for her age

Nationality or	Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided :HJ/BBBJ/FIV

Value	for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments:
Have seen Wendy a couple of times. No oil painting and a little crazyat times but she is very nice. Get into the room which is very cleanand warm, nice comfy massage table. Strip off and Wendy comes in, wehug and she has a bit of a dig at me because I haven't come in for awhile.Onto the table, push the old fella between my legs so she has a goodview and good access. Massage fro Wendy is always really good, sheknows what she is doing and is also very playful, although uses a bittoo much oil for my liking. After about 15 mins of a nice firmmassage and lots of crack and sack play, time to turn over. Cock isnice and hard and I motion to Wendy to kiss it...she wipes the oiloff and proceeds to give a pretty good bbbj, not for too long though.Then into a very enthusiastic HJ while I slip a finger up her wet andrather tight pussy. She makes all the right noises and soon the deedis done.A bit more shoulder and head massage, clean up, hug goodbye.As always, YMMV, but I have enjoyed my stays there.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th August 2018, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: raxel
Post Title: 
 Suzy, Sangthong Thai massage Elsternwick 95327022
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suzy

Establishment : Sangthong Thai Massage, 215 Glen Huntly RoadElsternwick Victoria


Date of Visit : 5/8/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sangthong Thai Massage - Elsternwick Village

Phone : 9532 7022

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : 70 per hour

Age : 42

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, hand

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Suzy is a lovely Thai lady that i'd seen before. Not this year though. She's slim, sexy, great English and just a nice lady to talk to with a sense of humor. Her massage doesn't change a lot but she is very good at giving a vigorous firm massage with playful teasing and a good build up. She starts off with the towels as is traditional in Thai massages and does quite hard deep pushing. The kind that could leave a cock and ball imprint on the massage table if you haven't adjusted yourself properly. After about 10-15 minutes of hard towel massage, she'll whip the tower off and use quality warmed up oil over your back and legs. I mentioned she is nice to talk to, so was a bit like friends catching up as well. She'll make sure to stroke you everywhere while massaging legs and butt, she knows what guys like and want and she is very skilled at it. After doing legs she'll jump up on the table and kneel between your legs to concentrate on ass all the while stretching you. Maybe she wants a better view? who knows. 
On the flip she'll continue with oil on stomach and legs but always straying towards my cock, she doesn't forget. Eventually directs her focus there but just goes slowly, sucks when girls jackhammer it to get it over and done with but she doesn't. She's happy for me to pull her tights down and she always has a sexy thong on. Your mileage may vary there if she wants to do that or not. Eventually she asks if I am ready and then speeds up her rhythm to bring me to climax. Then to a head massage for the remainder of time. She does does the hot tower wipe down of front and back at the end. I think girls should only do this at the end, it's time filler when they want wipe down your back before flipping over. There are hot showers available there too.

Tipped her $25 and on my way.  Suzy is a treasure for Melbourne.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st September 2018, 08:20 AM
Poster ID: Toha888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From what I understand, Sangthong is closing down this month. And "Suzy" or Sue, is now working at Wild Jasmine in Moorabbin


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th September 2018, 04:56 AM
Poster ID: Toha888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I drove past Sangthong yesterday and can confirm it is now closed. Apparently the owner Jackie didn't want to pay the rent increase


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th September 2018, 07:39 PM
Poster ID: OzPete
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's a pity, was a local one for me. Wendy was always a fun one...and a damn good massage was always to be had as well.


