Thread Title: Sara - Knoxfield Vic - 03 871 96014
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2015, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: The Vigilante
Post Title: 
 Sara - Knoxfield Vic - 03 871 96014
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sara

Establishment : Can not remember. (when next in area, will find out, sorry)

Date of Visit : Tuesday 22nd September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_5...knoxfield.html

Hours of Business : 7 days 10am-8pm

Rates : $65 for 45 mins

Age : Didn't ask, looks early 20s

Size/shape : Size 16 looks it with e cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Was going to ask, forgot to ask, sorry. I will find out and try to add more information in the future.

Services Provided : Sensual massage, teasing, nude hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : I suppose so.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

After being bogged down from multiple mates regarding this shop, I told them next time I am in the area for work (I'm a courier driver), so I popped in and did a walk in, lucky Sara wasn't busy and I was her first booking of today, to be honest, my heart sunk when I saw her on reception.

We walked in the first available room (booked for 45 minutes). I gave her the $65 + I said here's $50 for whatever extras. She said thanks and walked out back to reception whilst I got undressed. 2 minutes later, she came back in to the room, took off her clothes (and bra) but unfortunately told me she was having her period so her underpants had to stay on.

Sensual massage was very good, used her arms, and sort of lomi lomi style mixed in also. Her breasts felt pretty good being dragged on my back, bottom and legs. Not long after, the teasing began, her hands felt fantastic between my crack to sack and teasing the good old plums, not to mention when she took care of the under carriage and started to pull the banana.

Time to turn over and more oil went on to the member. She let me wander all over except her underpants of course, so took full advantage of her large boobs and played with them and her nipples got hard, erect and popped out in a few moments. Of course she included the obvious fake moans to encourage me to orgasm. about 60% way through the booking, I blew my load. She had to go out to get another box of tissues, as the previous box was near empty.

She came back in and cleaned me up, I rolled back on to my back and continued the massage. It wasn't long before I was slightly in the mood again, but little did I at the time know, I was unable to seal the deal a second time. Sara ended with a foot massage after I requested it. Whilst on the chubby side, Sara has a cute smile, and nice glasses, nice black heals also that she wears during bookings.

Sara works Tuesday and Fridays.

Please note their receptionist at this place, Melody is dead said drop dead gorgeous. She only works 2-3 days a week. She gave me a card with her working days but I threw out the business card sorry. I think receptionist Melody is taking a few days off coming up. Sara told me after I asked, that the new shop here is pretty busy. When I left, this fat older dude left at the same time, I also heard a couple more clients arrived during my booking.

I say go for it.

WIR: only if my work takes me to somewhere near this area, area looks a bit iffy in my honest opinion. Went for a piss before my session with Sara and notice a hole in the wall. Not my thing, but I am sure other people are entertained by that sort of thing.

My reaction to the booking after I left?


