Thread Title: Sarah - Ivy Massage , Richmond - 0450 245 118
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2017, 08:56 AM
Poster ID: Bolter
Post Title: 
 Sarah - Ivy Massage , Richmond - 0450 245 118
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Ivy Massage

Date of Visit : Friday 1 September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450 245 118 Richmond

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 50+40

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Thai

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Sure

My experience/comments : Thought I would pop by after a few drinks on a Friday. Being open at 10:30 is a pretty good sign for what kind of massage place it is.
Sarah is on the reception and looks ok. I ask to see who else was working, and the next girl wasn't great at all. I think they realised I wasn't too impressed, so Sarah offers to do it herself. Why not
A very brief massage and I turn onto my front almost straight away. Not much subtley as she starts playing with my balls and rubbing my nipples. We discussed extras and it came to 40 for just a HJ. 
Pretty good technique, she doesn't suck but she did lick and suck my nipples. Plenty of ball play as well.

After I was done, she actually gave a pretty good massage, I would have been there well longer than the 30 mins I paid for


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th May 2019, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: mph998
Post Title: 
 Ivy Massage - 169A Swan Street Richmond - 0450 245 118
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Ivy Massage

Date of Visit : May 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 169A Swan Street Richmond

Phone : 0450 245 118

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : $50 for 30 mins + extras

Age : late 30s/early 40s?

Size/shape : Petite, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Naked RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was having dinner in the area as I walked past this parlour and thought I'd give it a try. Walked upstairs to a nice looking, modern foyer and greeted by a cute girl in her mid 20s. I booked for 30mins and was directed to a small room. I wasn't sure what this place was like so stripped down to underwear and laid on the bed. I was soon greeted by a different lady, much older, but still pretty and petite. She placed a towel over me and began working my back, warming into things and then proceeded to provide massage walking up and down my back. I must say her abilities as a masseuse were great and she really put some effort into applying a lot of pressure into my back despite her size. She then lowered the towel to initiate massage with oil and slip my underwear down to tuck the towel in but almost yanked them off. I took this moment to tell her I could remove them and she quickly removed the towel from me. This gave me enough indication where this would lead. The back massage was actually very good and she really worked my back. On the flip she attempted to slide the towel from my rear to front but in the end she fumbled revealing my hard on. With a smile she looked at me and placed her hands around my cock. She asked if I needed special attention and I obliged. I asked how much and she just said "cash". Then proceeded to oil me up and work my cock. I took the opportunity to slide my hands up her body and her reaction was rather extreme, I'd say fake, but hey, she played the part, and acted like it pleasured obviously to get me off. She willingly removed her clothes with very little convincing. She was on her period so never removed her panties but let me touch her everywhere regardless. Once complete she cleaned me up and had a bit of a chat. I gave her a $40 tip and she enthusiastically hugged and kissed me and asked me to visit more often and she provides the best services. 
Overall for $90 and 30 mins later this was quite good. She probably would've accepted a smaller tip but it's what I had on me. Considering most places request $70 for the same extras this was value for money indeed. Well worth a try. She works everyday here.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: mph998
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Ivy Massage

Date of Visit : 22 Jun 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 169A Swan Street Richmond

Phone : 0450 245 118

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : $50 for 30 mins + $40 HJ or $100 Nude HJ

Age : early 40s

Size/shape : Petite, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was in the area over the weekend and remembered how good this place was last time so dropped in for a 30 minute massage. I was greeted upstairs by Wendy who immediately recognized me from last time and escorted me to a room. I had barely stripped off before she was back with a tub of water. She was wearing a mini skirt this time and revealing lots of leg. She is a very slim older lady and she is quite attractive considering her age.

She proceeded to give me a back massage but this time it was really half assed. I could tell that she was merely going through the motions this time as she knew why I was there. So I decided to save her from the obligatory start and started to fondle her legs and ass as we began to discuss extras. She offered a naked HJ for $100 and I quickly declined that. You can get an hour at a brothel or private working girl for that expense. We settled on $40 for a HJ and she would remove her top. 

Her breasts were incredible. Relatively large considering how thin she is and they felt natural but were not saggy whatsoever. She allowed me to touch her and suck her nipples why she proceeded to polish away at my member. She really enjoys wanking a cock and it shows we she does it. After around 15 minutes of edging she brought me to climax and gave me a wipe down all over my body with a warm towel and then proceeded to give me a head massage and talk about the weekend. She’s a very friendly woman and I believe she owns the business as she does offer for you to pay extras by card but I had sufficient cash.

At $90 for 30mins it seems to be a relatively good punt but after this time I would recommend 30 mins at Miss Nora, they provide a much better sensual massage and give an amazing HJ that is not rushed at all but rather very teasing.


