Thread Title: Sasa - Hampshire Rd Glen Waverley - 8510 6052
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2018, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 Sasa - Hampshire Rd Glen Waverley - 8510 6052
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasa

Establishment : Hampshire Rd, Glen Waverley

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Hampshire Rd, Glen Waverley. I don't know the phone number, I just rocked up.

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $60 per half hour (?) plus extras

Age : looked around 20 to me 

Size/shape : A minus cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Maybe Chinese

Services Provided : R n T

Value for money/recommend? : I was pretty happy.

My experience/comments :

Due to an unexpected warp in the space-time continuum, the dog and I have found ourselves living the gay batchelor life ('gay' as in the old meaning of the word - happy, carefree and pissed). The old folks have shot through to Bali for a couple of weeks and left me home alone at the ranch. Ordinarily I'd have a line of whores queuing from the front doorstep out the gate and half-way down the street, but I gotta be a bit careful - the nosy old bitch next door is watching me like a hawk. She's buddy-buddy with the old lady (actually I think they're licking carpet) so I'm treading carefully. 

She hasn't forgotten the last time they went away. I was out in the backyard with my pole oiled up (well, why not, the weather was quite pleasant) giving my knob a thrashing. She took a gawk over the side fence just as I was shooting jizz all over the patio. It must have looked like the garden-sprinkler was on - full bore. Anyhows, she can go get fucked.

The dog and I have spent a fair bit of time romping around down the park. The dog is interested in humping an attractive, black poodle bitch that we've met and I'm interested in humping the owner, an extremely attractive, brunette bitch, athletic, svelte ... with a husband built like a brick shithouse. It ain't gonna happen.

Back home we console ourselves by watching Humphrey Bogart movies (we're both big fans) like they're going out of style (actually, made mostly in the 40s and 50s, they went out of style yonks ago). I watch the movies and the dog chews the covers. We reckon the best of the bunch is 'The Big Sleep', based on Ray Chandler's hard-boiled, 1939 novel (although 'Treasure of the Sierra Madre' comes a close second). Big Sleep is sometimes criticized for its complex and convoluted storyline but, in our opinion, the brilliant, fast-paced, smart-arsed, wise-cracking dialogue leaves a lot of modern films for dead - except maybe 'Terminator'. 

Anyhows, if you've seen 'The Big Sleep' you'll remember the bookshop scene with Dorothy Malone. Here's an excerpt:

MARLOWE (Bogart): It's raining pretty hard.

BOOK STORE CHICK (Malone): Well, I'd rather get wet in here. Looks like we're closed for the rest of the afternoon.

THE TERMINATOR (Arnie Schwarzenegger): Ah'll be beck! Git inda chopper, baybee.

The screen fades momentarily and you are prompted to imagine ( ... come on, it's 1946) Malone sprawled horizontally over a desk, moist panties down around her left ankle, legs bent, knees up around her neck, honey dripping from her gash and Bogie giving her a hot meat injection (and Arne back-dooring her).

Malone is HOT! Tall, good-looking, wearing glasses, hair tied back, lithe little body, personality plus and more spunk than a West Kalimantan monkey ... everything a good 
librarian should be. The dog and I fap ourselves on the couch whenever we watch that scene (and we've watched it many times!).

Anyway, I'm saying all this because I think I've just met the Asian version of Dorothy Malone, except that she's called Sasa (Malone). If I paid a visit to my local Phuket City library, she's the sort of book-nerdy Asian chick I'd expect to see there, quietly and efficiently helping all the old geezers get unrestricted access to her services. 

Anyhows, I'm getting ahead of myself. This punt panned out as follows. That day I left the dog at home with a bone® and ventured out for a solo. Powdered my nose and boogied down to this joint I've been meaning to try for a while. No need to ring ahead 'cause I don't know who the fuck might be working there, could be Bangkok Betty, could be Granma Wang. 

Into reception and ask who's available. Sasa, I'm told, will be tugging my tossil this session. No problemo. This joint is dark but I can make out a couple of old boilers sitting on a grotty-looking couch over in the corner. Fuck me, that'd be like having Yoda (you know, that crazy little cunt from Star Wars) pumping my light-sabre. It ain't gonna happen, biatches. Anyhow, worries are over, Sasa floats like a vision out of the shadows. 

First impressions count I'm told, and my impression is she's lovely - young, supple and softly spoken. Dark, shoulder-length hair and, to my mind, an attractive face (although, 
let's face it, cooped up with the dog for the last 2 or 3 days, even Pauline Hanson would look like a horn-bag at this particular moment). I guess Sasa's in her early twenties (but don't flick open your Ladbrokes app. on the strenghth of that). Sometime earlier that day she'd poured herself into a pair of black jeans and a tank-top. They fit her like a spunk bath. I imagine her poontang, warm and moist, nestled, resting between her legs waiting for the next big adventure. She looks a bit Thai but how the fuck do you tell? She's probably from Tasmania. She could easily be the air-hostess I fell in love with when I travelled Thai Airways at a tender age some years ago.

She quietly and graciously ushers me into the room where it's all gonna happen (and I appreciate her well-formed arse every inch of the way). I immediately flash a couple of pineapples. These days I don't see the point in pissing around, enduring a fucked-up massage in the hope that I might get to suck on her nom noms or go finger-fishing. Let's be upfront. If you don't want to deliver the goods, baitch, no worries, I'll fuck off somewhere else. Anyhows, she accepts the money with a big smile and immediately strips off to reveal a slender, drool-worthy body, shaven taco and a couple of titettes (they're the kind of tits you have when you're not having tits - these 'mini ha ha's' would probably be like around cup-size A (A-minus I mean) ... but, super bonus, her dark-brown nipples look like they belong on Godzilla's wife. Fuck me, I'm thinking that'll be like sucking on a couple of cocktail frankfurters.

She starts a reasonable imitation of a massage; climbs up on the table, straddling me (don't you just love the feel of a taco on your skin?), and does all the usual shit as she works her way from my shoulders to my toes. Sadly, when she arrives at my jabooty, there are only one or two light, suggestive brushes against the knackersack. But on the turnover,  she stays on the table, deftly lathers up my cock-a-saurus and starts a slow, mature, two-handed Asian high-five. My Johnson goes as stiff as a frozen fish. She keeps up the pressure, throbbing the gristle and I'm saying 'Hail Marys', thinking about the tram timetable, picturing what Concetta Fierravanti-Wells would look like naked, trying to hold back the boner-batter.

Suddenly, completely out of the blue, she asks if I'd like to massage her. Several thoughts stampede through my mind instantaneously ... like: "Excuse me honey, but does 
Pinocchio have a wooden arse?", "Did she just come on to me?", "Does the female sexual urge originate in the medulla oblongata?" and "Viva Las Vegas!". 

I'm up in a flash and she stretches her beautiful proportions out on the table, face down. I know I looked at her long black hair, alluring shoulders and perfect, slender legs but all I can remember is her beautiful ass and surprisingly meaty clam. I'm trying not to appear like a degenerate sleazebag, like a priest at a rehearsal with a bunch of choir-boys, but it's difficult stopping the drool from dripping outta my mouth.

I run my fingers gently up and down her frame a couple of times, like you'd imagine a Sunday School teacher might, but then I can't contain myself any longer. I show her my 
best hand of cunt poker and start a bit of finger banging. Rubbing her joy buzzer (for maybe about the second time) I notice my fingers are covered in beaver-juice (for a moment I find myself wondering if Malone's cunt gets this wet?). Now I'm the sort of prick where you give me an inch and I'll take a few miles, so I take this as a personal invitation. The terminator is out there, it can't be bargained with, it can't be reasoned with, it doesn't feel pity or remorse or fear, and it absolutely will not stop...EVER!

I slip onto the table alongside her and start grinding my Sperminator up against her Kardashian. She gives me a look, not totally pissed but kinda surprised. My cock does a damn fine imitation of Bashar al-Assad - doesn't give a fuck, just wants everything. Anyhow, too late, she's basted in mayonnaise.

Back in control of my senses I apologize for taking too much bang for my buck but she's OK, somewhat nonplussed, dazed but smiling. I try to make amends and start wiping off the fuckpaste as it runs down the side of her thighs and she's wiping me down and we get sort of tangled up which causes some laughs. 

All sorted, I get her to validate my parking ticket and I fuck off.

Would I return? You betcha. But there's so little time and so many good-lookin' women I want to pork.

This report is now terminated.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2018, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What a ride. Thanks for the amusing and detailed review.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd January 2018, 10:53 PM
Poster ID: blakes7
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Excellent writing salsa. More please.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th January 2018, 09:10 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The chick I saw was definitely early 20s, tops! She was very attractive, slim with a pretty face. Her skin was slightly darker or tanned, hence my suggestion in the review that she could have passed for Thai. She was nicely and softly spoken.  

The Sasa I reviewed was in no way "26-30 portly and plain". 

Unfortunately, Try Hardaussie met another woman.


