Thread Title: Scanlan St, Bentleigh East Vic - 0414 862 680
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: Tobygee8
Post Title: 
 Scanlan St, Bentleigh East Vic - 0414 862 680
				
Post Content: 
Name - Belinda, probably not her real name! 

Location -scanlan st, beneigh east, just off south rd

Date of visit 13/2/14

Contact details 0414862680

Hours of business 10-8pm

Prices - 50 for half hour, extras 30 dollars 

Age, Id say mid 30s, looked quite young but you can never tell with an Asian lady!

Nationality - Chinese

Size 6 - say a b cup 

Services, handjob, nude handjob possibly more with the right amount of cash  

I always saw this ad on locanto and livening in oakleigh wasn't far of a drive  

I read last year though it got shit down as an illegal brothel and all the ads disappeared till I recently noticed them again early this year.

I thought its definitely worth a shot, but are they silly enough to offer such services again!!

So I called up the number and she told me where they were located, I got the small set of shops and its pretty much right in the middle of them.

There's a doorbel as you can just walk in its locked, I rang and stood there for a few minutes until Belinda a small little asain girl came shuffling up! How are you she said 30 min massage? Yes please I said, thinking if its bad its only 30 mins!

We walked around the corner, it has a little hall with three rooms and one pter girl was quickly getting back to her room.

She walked me in and said take of your clothes I'll be back soon, I got into my usual massage position so everything was In view 

She came back in, grabbed the oil and started massaging me all over, asking if the pressure was ok, it was awesome, she was actually really good at massaging and gettin knots out!

After a good 15 mins he started massaging my ass, wow did she spread it wide, don't know if that would have been a good or bad view for her hahaha!

After noticing my cock could handle being squashed backwards towards the door any longer, she aske me to flip over!

After the ass massage I knew I was in for a treat, she said 30 dollar handjob or 50 dollar nude, I thought to myself I'll go the 30 an see if I can be a bit cheeky  

Up I got to get the money out I my wallet, I hate how they make you pay before, kinda like when a woman asks you to put a dinga on, sometimes a bit of a mood wrecker lol.

Anyway so gave we the 30 and laid back down, she poured oil all over my cock and balls an started rubbing them, I said to her very sexy lady and she giggled away, I knew I had a Chance, so I slid my hand up her skirt to find some very moist panties, she looked at me as if to say hang on that was 50 dollars  I smiled and kept going, starting to rub her Pussy through her underwear!

She was very good at rubbing cock too, wow did it feel good, I wanted to see her perky tits an be sucking on those nipples as I cum.

She was wearing a low cut top so I slid my left hand down there to find a nice b cup tittie and erect nipple, she must of been liking the way I wa rubbing her Pusssy! 

I pulled it out to find these yummy little asian nipple damn I wanted them in my mouth, I leant forward and started sucking on them as she let out a moan! 

Wasn't long till I was gonna cum and she knew it, she sped up a bit an before I knew it I offloaded all over myself and her hands!! God that wa good!!

She got the tissues and wiped me up and then went to get a hot towel, I do like being rubbed down with the towel afterwards knowing you can go somewhere without the oil scent in you and the way people make smell an look at you after haha! 

We still had 5 minutes left and she was true to her time, she laid me back down and gave me a quick head massage!! 

All in all, I think for 80 dollars it was a bargain, compared to what other people are charging! An yes I would of loved I see her naked but didn't have extra cash on me anyway!! 

Thanks guys, hope you enjoy  

Toby


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 03:08 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Tobygee8


... 

Location -scanlan st, beneigh east, just off south rd

Date of visit 13/2/14

Contact details 0414862680
.
.
I always saw this ad on locanto and livening in oakleigh wasn't far of a drive  

I read last year though it got shit down as an illegal brothel and all the ads disappeared till I recently noticed them again early this year ..
"""



Thank you for your review Tobygee8.

Was this the Locanto ad  RELAXATION body TREATMENT by TAIWAN GIRLS, Bentleigh East

"RELAXATION body TREATMENT by TAIWAN GIRLS - 20

YOUNG TAIWAN masseurs relaxation massage, soft and sensual, deep tissue or exchange...Magic hands for massaging and guarantee a very relaxing and satisfying service. so if you are interested I would love to hear from you xo location : Bentleigh east open 7 days. 10:00~8:00. call:0414862680" ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd February 2014, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: xanmagician
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review Toby. I was not that lucky though. When I texted the given number in the locanto post, I got a reply that 2 "young" Taiwanese girls were working today and hence booked over the phone for 30 mins massage . When I entered the shop,saw the first young girl who was probably around 65 and didn't speak any. Was greeted by another lady who was in her late 40s or early 50s and listed out the price - 70$for exchange and bj for 30 mins. Thinking a young girl will massage me, entered the room. As that old lady followed me to the room, was shocked and asked who gonna massage. Being not ready to lose my money to old lady, I got out. When I was leaving, she mentioned that she can offer FS for extra 20$. I left saying thanks but no thanks.
I won't return to that shop or that street again :P


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th February 2014, 10:42 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i popped in today this wednesday just to see if i know the new management. There front door was open which is great, no need to ring the bell and wait 30 seconds for the door to open. After i waltzed in, i saw a mid 30's women behind the barrier, who then called the boss lady and it was the women who runs 95 orange st. I was shocked to see her there. She told me she is helping out today as the lease on orange st ended and she cant afford to run a shop anymore she said. So either she is a gun for hire receptionist now or she was spinning some garbage and she has taken over this shop.  If she has, it will be impossible to close her down with the amount of political power she wields in the industry.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 12:48 AM
Poster ID: bobobros
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Remember when this boss was at Tyne st - she had a good group of girls then.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 09:06 PM
Poster ID: Eastside
Post Title: 
 Cindy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Scanlan Road, Bentleigh East

Date of Visit : January 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : locanto Asian relaxation massage

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $50 for 30mins + $30 for hj

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage and hj

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

The door was open to the place and when you walk in there is a bell that chimes with a board listing services and prices. A girl then shows up and asks what do you want. Choose 30mins massage paid and was shown to a dimly lit room and asked to strip and left. She came back a few mins later and the massage began and was very hard. Asked to do it softer but ended up hard again. On the flip was offered hj for $30. Agreed but seemed like just going through the motions with lots of oil, finished had a hot towel wipe and left.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th February 2014, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
popped in again this friday to see if the orange st boss was operating today.  She was and i looked at her and said"its you", then got the hell out of there.  She isnt filling in as she said, this is a cold hard take over lol


Floor: #8
Post Time: 1st March 2014, 11:00 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
its official 95 orange st shop has moved to this scanlan address after i saw the big boss lady again, she is filling in 7 days a week here.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 3rd March 2014, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: losermachine
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennifer

Establishment : Scanlan Street

Date of Visit : 2/3/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414862680

Hours of Business : 10 - 8pm

Rates : 70

Age : 40s

Size/shape : thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Beijing, China

Services Provided : massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes, for someone else

My experience/comments : drove by orange street and it was closed, headed to scanlan instead. The door was ajar as it was a warm day, pressed the doorbell and a middle aged asian lady came out and ushered me into the 2nd room. Jennifer was inside, she may be old but was dressed in tight white shorts and a baggy knit sweater. Easy on the eyes and quite good demeanour. She asked if I had been there before, I said yes a long time ago, quoted 50 for massage and hand gestured whilst saying 70. I opted for the latter, disrobed and assumed the position. She returned a bit later and asked if I wanted hard or soft massage. Asked for hard then soft and she got to work with a little bit of oil. 
The massage was actually quite decent. about 20 minutes goes into the massage taking careful care to knead each knot she found. Towards the end, she used her fingers on my buttocks, caressed my ballsack and teased at me, off to the turn and oiled me off to a running start. My hands wandered but she wasn't fussed, slow then fast and brought me to a climax. 

good massage but unspectacular tug.


