Thread Title: Serene Massage Day Spa & Beauty - 527 Nepean Hwy Bonbeach - 0470 313 775
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th August 2019, 12:57 PM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: 
 Serene Massage Day Spa & Beauty - 527 Nepean Hwy Bonbeach - 0470 313 775
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Establishment : 527 Nepean Hwy Bonbeach

Date of Visit : August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...-bonbeach.html

Phone : 0470 313 775

Hours of Business : Mon - Sun 10am - 8:30pm

Rates : for 60 min Relaxation $80, Lomi Lomi $100

Age : 30

Size/shape : Maybe 5'5 and D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and Yes

My experience/comments : Found the ad on locanto and decided it sounded  like worth checking out. I liked the part that mentioned "We specialise '  love hands' Lomi Lomi masssage that's magic full body  cross over NURU art massage (form head to toe) in the WATER BED with  NURU GEL". I haven't done a nuru massage so I thought I'd give it a try.  

Was able to organise a booking the previous night for the next  day for first thing in the morning at 10am. Arrived and didn't take  notice of the actual name of the business so I've called it Loving Hands  from the ad. This place used to be Bonbeach Health & Wellness.  Walked in and greeted by Emily who asked if I was here for the 10am  booking to which I replied yes. To be honest she isn't a stunner but  made up for it with her skills. She asked me what I wanted and mentioned  the 60 min Lomi Lomi with nuru gel. They are offering $10 off for all  massages as they have recently opened. So I paid her $90 and she showed  me to the room and noticed a massage table there, I was expecting one of  those blow up mattress type things. Anyway went along with it and  thought the set up was nice. Looked like they had a pre cum towel in the  middle which I thought made sense and they had a tissue type paper over  the face hole, I guess to save on towels, but found it a bit annoying  as when I'd breathe in it was like I was sucking the paper in my mouth,  so I just lifted my head up slightly. She left the room while I got  undressed and then came back saying she'll be another 5 mins to get the  gel ready. She finally came in and flicked some gel on me which was nice  and warm and she spread that around nicely with nice sensual type  strokes and even got a few touches around the date and sack quite early  which was nice. Really nice flowing strokes and the gel just made her  glide everywhere. She was up on the table at different stages and had  her knee right up against the sack on a couple of occasions as she was  on the table working on my back and shoulders. It was definitely one of  the best feeling massages I've had and when she was working on my legs  there was a bit of crack and sack play. It's nice to have that from  early on and during the massage than having to wait till the end. I was  just relaxing and enjoying it, sometimes I'm thinking how long before we  flip, but she payed good attention to the crack and sack with gentle  strokes to keep me enjoyed. She wiped the gel off my back and legs and  then asked me to flip and had to go out to get a pillow for my head,  left the door open and I could hear someone at the front of the shop, so  didn't want to flip until she got back in case I could have been seen.  She cam back and I flipped over and she put the warm gel on my chest and  massaged in a sensual manner. Then reaching over massaging around my  groin and I got a face full of boobs, when ever she was around the old  fella, there was always a slight touch of it. She went down to the other  end of the table and started working on my legs and always got a touch  when she was working on my inner thigh. She got up on the table to sit  facing me, lifting each of my legs and placing over her thighs, so my  back was slightly arched and she spent a bit of time working on my  thighs and working around my groin region. There was some nice light  finger nail play over my pubic hair, sort of scratching and stroking and  then around the sack. This is when she asked me if I wanted an extra to  which I said yes. HJ was an extra $50 which I feel is a bit pricey, but  I wanted the full experience. She put some gel on the old fella and  went easy and was also massaging the date at the same time and I knew I  wouldn't be able to last too long and as I sensed I was about to shoot  my load, I looked up at her and she was head down playing with my cock  and I squirted and almost came in her eye, she lifted her head and  milked me for all she was worth. I reckon if I shot an inch higher she  would of had a facial ....lol  We must of finished a bit early and she  went about giving me a head and face massage and then more work on arms  and then wiped me down at the finish. She left me to get dressed and  when she came back she gave me $20 saying the manager said since the  waterbed/mattress wasn't used they wanted to give me a discount which  was nice. I gave her a pineapple for the extra and said we can do the  waterbed next time. So I'll definitely be back and great customer  service.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2019, 10:24 PM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The name of the new place is called Serene Massage Day Spa & Beauty


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th October 2019, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Serene Massage Day Spa & Beauty

Date of Visit : October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ited-Time.html

Phone : 0450 560 895

Hours of Business : Open 7 days 10:00am - 9pm

Rates : 30mins $40, 45mins $55, 60mins $65

Age : 20's

Size/shape : About 5'3 slim to normal

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No/No

My experience/comments : Decided to have another visit here. I saw a new add on Locanto and was wondering if it was the same address as it was a different phone number. Sent a text and go the booking and location confirmed what I thought.

I was willing to try as it was cheap. Worse case I'd end up with a girl I'd previously seen. Turned out it was a different girl 5/10 in looks, she showed me to the room and I got undressed while she left.
I was laying naked on the table when she came back, she started working on my neck, just pressing and not really doing a lot. This had me worried, then she got more oil and started long strokes down my back to backside, I had my hands holding on to the end of the table with my elbows out and realised when she was leaning over her pubic mound was going in to my knuckles, this went on for a while and I'm thinking she is grinding away and I'm not getting anything out of this. She was doing it for a good 5 mins then moved down the table and started working her way up my back from the glutes. Using forearm down the side and back going over ribs and other bony parts, not really feeling good. I was pretty sure she had no idea how to massage when she first started on my neck, but now was I 100% positive she had no idea. No consistency, no flow and very little time on muscles, it was mainly bones she was going over. After applying oil to my back with a few nice strokes she was doing acupressure moves on my spine which is a no no, it was only the fact it was light I let her go on. When she moved to my legs and glutes she seems to be doing a better job and a few slight brushes of the crack and sack were had. I flipped 35 mins in to the hour session, she started off with light sensation touching with finger nails up my legs and inner thigh and around cock and balls with light touches. She applied oil and went in the same areas and then asked if I wanted  which I said yes, but was trying to say I wanted it at the end. I said we still have a lot of time to go and she said yes I hour massage. She then proceeded to give me the HJ and she seemed to be enjoying it more than me, her eyes were rolling around and she's saying fuck yeah, then leans over and starts kissing me. She grabs my hand and puts in on her breast, I had a little play from the outside, she was clothed, then she wanted my had around her groin, so I gave that a rub. I was starting to build up and I'm looking at her face like she's about to orgasm, next thing I shoot a few quirts and then she's hugging me on the table saying that was so good and starts kissing me again. Says she'll be back and get a warm towel, come back, does a shit job of wiping me down, I can feel wet in the groin area. I've gone soft, she continues massaging my legs and then hear the buzzer go off, if they are busy the lock the front door and you have to press the buzzer. So because everyone else is busy she says I'll be 1 minute and see this person out the front. 3 or 4 mins later she comes back finished off my legs and then goes to work on my shoulders squeezing her fingers like it's sending shivers up my spine, I'm just looking forward to it finishing at this stage and soon after it did. She hugged me and kissed me again. I paid her the $50 for the HJ and know I've been dudded, but sometimes these things happen. The music playing in the background was like 80's porn music, like every now and then a female going ooh & ahh and the quality of the massage was really poor. She was able to do ok with the HJ, but disappointing overall and I won't be going back.


