Thread Title: Serena Body Therapy - Hewish Rd, Croydon - 03 9723 6465
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th January 2014, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: yankee
Post Title: 
 Serena Body Therapy - Hewish Rd, Croydon - 03 9723 6465
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily


Establishment : Serene Body Therapy


Date of Visit : 29/11/2013


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 10, No 3 hewish road, Croydon


Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm


Rates : $70 an hour


Age : Low 20s


Size/shape : curvy


Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean


Services Provided : Only HJ


Value for money/recommend? : I had gone back a couple of times already!


My experience/comments :

Found this place in Gumtree, they are advertising as a new massage place. Walk in and Emily (Emily is a BW from Koreanot my kind of girl but what the heck) asked what kind of massage I was after. Booked 45 minutes of Lomi Lomi for $60.
The massage was good, right amount of oil and a nice relaxing massage. It was not a truly Lomi Lomi massage, but I has a great time. Asked for the flip, she was massaging my legs and brushed my balls a couple of times that made me really hard immediately. The massage continued but no attention to my little friend. The time was about to finish, she said it was going to massage my head and put a towel on me. Since I didn't want to go blue balls, decided to ask the question about extras..she said, "why didn't you ask earlier?".Yes!!!!! She asked me how much do I usually pay ($20 I said). The tug was the best part of the 45 minutes, very good technique, she used her hand, forehand, I really enjoyed it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th January 2014, 07:21 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's the Gumtree ad,

"X'mas special in Serene Body Therapy Croydon
art of touch with lomi lomi
Shop 10, No 3 hewish road, Croydon

X'mas special


Four hands/ double Special 30mins $70( with 2 girl) booking necessary


Lomi Lomi Special

30mins $50

45mins $60

60mins $70


Every costumer visit have massage will receive $ 10 voucher


Serene Body Therapy ( big orange sign, under cinema and next to 3 hour parking)


Picture is our front door


Please don't miss out get wrong place


located : 10/3 hewish road, Croydon ( street number is 3)

We are provide professional full body massage special good at Lomi Lomi


All staff are been training and qualify hold diploma of remedial massage


All types massage:


. Lomi Lomi


. Relaxation


. Deep tissue


. Acupressure


Also double massage available as well


not a sexual service


Very good massage environment such as private room, nice new and clean


We open 7 days 10am-8pm


walk in and booking available


Phone: 9723 6465  


Welcome to our shop we happy answer all the inquire"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2018, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: silvermike
Post Title: 
 Serene Body Therapy - Shop 10, 3 Hewish Road, Croydon, Victoria - 03 9723 6465.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennifer

Establishment : Serene Body Therapy (Thai massage)

Date of Visit : 31/01/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Shop 10, 3 Hewish Road, Croydon, Victoria. 03 9723 6465

Hours of Business : 7 days

Rates : $70 per hour (+ tip)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Probably a size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity :  HK Chinese

Services Provided : Good Massage & AMAZING hand job.

Value for money/recommend? :  Recommended!!

My experience/comments : I met "Jennifer" for the first time today and whilst she's not the most beautiful woman I've ever clapped eyes on, she was friendly and her massage technique was well above average... in fact, very good.  Her happy ending was sensational; no rush... she teased and tantalised my loins for a good 15 minutes and I can honestly say it was the best hand job I've ever experienced!!  Another nice element was there was no discussion about the extra cost.  Jennifer was also very complimentary, telling me I am very handsome and have a very nice cock (both true, of course!!). And when I was about to leave she gave me a hug, which was a little bit weird.  She's off to HK for a couple of weeks - back 19/02 and only works Wednesday (but the other girls all seem to do extras)
I've visited this massage shop three times for three different girls and each time have been enjoyed a happy ending.  I find that here and at other "legit" Thai massage shops, if I leave my jocks on and the girl comes in and asks me if it's okay for her to take them off, then she's up for a tip (ostensibly it's so they don't get covered in massage oil).  Happy ending is generally $30 extra but if she says you can touch her it's plus another $20.
Finally... this place is small and a bit old dated, no showers.  Don't expect a palace.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th February 2018, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: silvermike
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laura

Establishment : Serene Body Therapy

Date of Visit : 06/02/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Hewish rd, Croydon, Vic.  Near cinema

Hours of Business : 7 days

Rates : $70 p/h

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : not petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK

Services Provided : Massage & HJ (clothed)

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad

My experience/comments : 
Had had a disappointing experience at another RnT shop earlier in the day and was suffering from blue balls syndrome, so found myself magically drawn back to the sure thing.  Different girl this time;  Laura (slightly chubby) was dressed in a summer dress - looked like she was on her way to a picnic!.  Anyway, 30 seconds after the massage began she left to move her car with many apologies.  Then resumed... Good massage, if a bit repetitive and a few accidental tackle touches whilst I was face down but nothing particularly overt though cock was well and truly up.  Flip, and she starts doing the fronts of my legs and asks about extra... "Yes, please".... then comes the obligatory light touching around the nether regions but I'd already gone a bit soft having got a good look at her... so she gabs my tackle and goes for it in a very competent, professional way... over the line in a few minutes.  She did aim my dick away from her, which I suppose is fair enough.  Decent massage and HJ but just business for Laura.
WIR?  Yes, when my fave, Jennifer is back from holiday.


