Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th September 2017, 02:50 PM
Poster ID: Dave Hat
Post Title: 
 Shop 9 / 7 Chandler Road Boronia
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melissa

Establishment : Shop 9 / 7 Chandler Road Boronia

Date of Visit : 6/9/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-and-mind.html

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $45 for 30, $60 for 45, $70 for 60

Age : 50s

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not with her but probably with another lady

My experience/comments : 

I was driving through Boronia for work and decided to stop for a 30 min massage. I looked on the net and found this place and decided to give it a go. From what i saw on the net and driving though there are at least 5 other massage shops within walking distance of this place so i guess business is booming in Boronia. I walked in and saw a hot young girl with big boobs(Her name was Lisa) but she was waiting for a booking and so i was left with Melissa, she was an Older woman and not wearing anything provocative like the boob tube Lisa had on.

I asked for 30 mins and handed over the cash before stripping off and lying on the table while she waited at the door. I asked her for no oil as i had more work to do after and did not want it all over me for the rest of the day. The massage was good, she knew what she was doing but there were no "accidental" touches. She kept going and i thought we must be nearing the end and then she said ok all done. No flip. So i asked the question and she hesitated and said she would ask the other girl if she could do it. But of course she was in her booking and wasn't available. I was on my side now and asked her if she could do it. She paused and was thinking for a while and then said ok $50. Eventually i managed to talk her down to $30 and she got some oil and started the tug. It was pretty mechanical as you might expect and then she stopped as soon as i blew. She obviously hasn't done this much or at all before. 

She then did a bad job of cleaning me up and left the room. I had to grab some tissues myself to finish the clean up. When she came back in to get her tip i asked if there was bin i could put the tissues in and she said no, maybe outside. So basically i had to put them in the pocket and get rid of them my self. So all in all i definable would not return to see Melissa, but if im in the area again maybe ill see if Lisa is on. If not there are the 5 other places nearby to try out.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd September 2017, 03:15 PM
Poster ID: Han Solo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Micky

Establishment : Shop 9 / 7 Chandler Road Boronia

Date of Visit : 22/09/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401434718

Hours of Business : not sure, but open 7 days

Rates : $45 for 30, $60 for 45, $70 for 60

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : possibly Korean

Services Provided : massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Standard

My experience/comments : 

Was looking for a quick massage release, thought I'd give this shop a go since they are pretty new.
Walked in and was greeted by Micky, lead me to the 1st room. Asked how long I wanted, and I went for the half hr option.
She left the room as I undressed.
Came back and proceeded to give a semi ok massage, wasn't as hard as it could have been, but ok none the less.
A couple of accidental brushes, then the flip.
After a few minutes of leg work, she asks if there was any extras needed. I asked what was on offer. HJ for $30
Took the option, and received an average HJ. She just went through the motion to get her $30.
Finished off with a a luke warm towel clean up. Dressed and out the door.


