Thread Title: Tantric Touch Massage - Mebourne - 0450 056 698
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 07:14 PM
Poster ID: rapture
Post Title: 
 Tantric Touch Massage - Mebourne - 0450 056 698
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carol

Date of Visit : Dece,ber 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...h-Massage.html

Phone : 0450056698

Hours of Business : 10am - 5pm i think

Rates : $250 per hour

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Sensual Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes maybe a little expensive

My experience/comments : I have seen this ad for quite a while and have been always curious. I did a little research and found Carol on the web, she seemed ok, but couldn't find any reviews of her. So I thought, why not and flicked her a text. The response was quickish but with very little info. I decided to book in a time and try my luck. I arrived on time to a fairly busy strip of shops. I wondered in to be greeted by Carol. She is a very pleasant lady which I thought was attractive with a nice smile. She locks the door and leads me into a small back room to have a chat. We spoke a bit about what I was after and then led me to her massage room and left me to undress. The massage room is dimly lit with incnse burning and a mattress on the floor. I undress and lay face down on the mattress and wait for Carol to return.Carol comes in dressed in a teddy with her boobs out, they look amazing, I would say DD's. She whispers in my ear take some deep breaths and relax. She must have sensed by nervousness. I did and the massage began. She massaged my back, legs and crack for a while the started the body slide. This felt fantastic and very relaxing. When she finished my back, she asked me to flip. Nice massage on the front including paying attention to the little fella who was at full mast. She them jumped on me and did a front body slide while I was running my hands over her body and arse. This was one of the best body slides I have had in a loooong time. She the gets off and starts a slow sensual tug while I'm playing with her boobs. She slowly builds me up to massive explosion. This would be the best orgasm I have had for a very long time. Carol gets a wet towel, gives me a clean up then lays down next to me for a few minutes. When time was up she got dressed and so did I. Offered me a drink and on my way. I really enjoyed my session with this skillful lady. I don't think there is anything else on offer but I may be wrong.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 09:27 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like they have a website:

https://tantric-touch-massage.business.site/


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th January 2019, 05:51 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://lingamwhisperer.com.au/melbo...carol-mikhael/


