Thread Title: Thai Harmony Massage - Patterson Lakes
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2019, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: de_mented_kid
Post Title: 
 Thai Harmony Massage - Patterson Lakes
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mona

Establishment :Thai Harmony massage
Date of Visit : 20/9/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/100 Gladesville Blvd, Patterson Lakes https://thaiharmonymassage.com.au
Phone : 0412516933 / 03 87742304

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : $65/45min $75/60 minutes. (chose the hour)

Age : Late 30s

Size/shape : Size 10, Medium size, Large DD's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Hot oil massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, average massage and great. Went in on the Friday following some bad weather to finish of the day. I was greeted by Mona and taken to a nice corner room where there is a ceiling to floor wall rather than a curtain between all the tables here. It still has a curtain entry as does every table though. I remember hearing that Monash council require this due to the on going RnT pop ups that are happening more often now, however this isn't the Monash area. Onto the massage and the request was for hard on the legs and regular do what ever massage after that. She was strong which I enjoyed after a heavy session on the legs the day prior. Lots of hot oil which was a treat given that it was cold that day, plenty of crack and sack brushing and a full body motion flow was nice. She does a mad reach under that got me rock hard and just knows how to entice it. Onto the flip she agreed to $50 and half nude (top off) with HJ. She originally wanted $100 for full nude and HJ but hell no, and I didn't want to see that much of her anyway lol! just the nice tits were amazing. She tried to bargain $70 with a body slide.. nope.. so onto a nice slow HJ it was and she just loved it, no rush and just finished in her hands which she was happy to go forth with. Got a nice hot towel wipe down and I was off. It's hit and miss here but I'd recommend another chick here. I'll be sure to try next time and update. Its been awhile since posting but love the reviews. Happy punting!


