Thread Title: The M Studio - 540 Little Collins - 0490 795 147
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th July 2018, 01:26 AM
Poster ID: carlo_curut
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown + Lina.

Establishment : The M Studio. 540 Little Collins 

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ourne-CBD.html

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : 50/30 + extra 

Age : Person 1 - mid 20, Lina - early/mid 30.

Size/shape : bit chubby + B cup tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : HJ + topless

Value for money/recommend? : ok - bit so-so for me.

Was hoping to see Kelly from Hanabi - she was my favorite - best tits I've ever seen.
(but unfortunately she wasn't there at that time)

The place is bit secluded but easy to find. I went upstairs and greeted by the receptionist 
who ushered me to one of the massage room. The massage bed in room was very clean & tidy (Maybe I was the 1st customer on that day).

Very similar experience with the original poster - the 1st massage lady gave me relaxing massage
and at the near end of massage she gave bit slight touch in inner tight - overall very enjoyable massage.

Then she asked whether I wanted more which I said yes - then she left and got someone else (Lina) came in.
She asked 70 AUD for topless HJ. I wasn't in mood to negotiate and said fine. 

Lina was bit chubby and bit large for my liking but her tits were ok (not as big as I initially expected) lot of teasing and then she placed her smooth tits with 
sensitive nipples in my mouth  while gave slow hand-job for completion. Not bad.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th July 2018, 03:17 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Guys checked this place out today.  As u walk to the address, above the eateries u will see the advert for this shop telling u to enter from the back.  It can be a bit confusing, so continue down lt collins, then turn at the nearest lane right, then do another right down a smaller lane.  There were chain smokers opposite this morning, and an Indian man talking to an Asian girl at the open door downstairs.  She was dressed quite elegantly and came up the stairs soon after.  The other girl also young looking was dressed with great elegance too.   The decor and presentation of what i saw was very good.  I pulled out my phone and could not help but ask if a certain red headed girl was working here.  With the no i headed out.   There is a nice ambiance about this shop.   From what i could see, the hallway leading down to the rooms had great natural lighting, albeit a very skinny hallway.  If your ripe with cash, it may be worth checking out.


