Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th June 2018, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: 
 Tiffany  Massage on Station 5/387 Station St Thornbury 9480 2225
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Massage on Station

Date of Visit : 28th March2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5/387 Station St, Thornbury VIC 3071  9480 2225

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $40 per hh plus $30 for HJ

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Small, nice titties

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

I had visited Tiffany once before, for a waxing (competent although I think her technique was a little off because I was left with a small skin tear on the shaft which took a few days to recover). She had thrown in a good handjob on request so I took the opportunity to try her out again. Tiffany seems to be the mamasan at this shop and reports suggest that she generally passes clients off to her workers. 

On this occasion, Tiffany seemed to be the only one available and was happy to give me a half hour session as requested. The massage was quite professional with enough sly tickling to keep my attention. On the flip, we quickly negotiated a tug which she once more executed with suitable skill. She was dressed in a polo shirt and very short and tight checked skirt, both of which showed her body to goo effect. I was able to slip a hand inside her top from above and cop a little titty feel. I was also able to slide a hand under her skirt and panty, and across her lovely arse. Any further deep diving was discouraged (and given the tightness of the clothing, quite difficult). In any case, this clearly gave me enough encouragement to get me across the line. All told: pretty good but not worth a special trip across town.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th June 2018, 10:04 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
@Billabong Bill 'Tiffany seems to be the mamasan at this shop and reports suggest that she generally passes clients off to her workers.'
Thats what I have been led to believe for a couple of years now. Tiffany used to work for her aunty at 300 Bell street, the aunty started this shop, Tiffany went there as the mamasan and from the reviews I have read on the place, she stopped doing massages, and HJs I assumed. Sounds like she is back into it. From what I can remember of her back at 300 Bell st she is a stunning looking girl. I have only visited this shop once and that was a few months ago.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th June 2018, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think the in may have been that Tiffany does the waxing at the shop and, when I had previously dropped by for that service, had agreed to provide a happy ending. That seems similar to the pattern at other shops; for example Wendy, the mamasan at Star Therapy over on High St .


