Thread Title: Tiffany -Ocean Breeze - 193A Middleborough Rd, Box Hill South - 9041 6226
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th December 2016, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: Jaytee
Post Title: 
 Tiffany -Ocean Breeze - 193A Middleborough Rd, Box Hill South - 9041 6226
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany 

Establishment : middleborough Rd box hill

Date of Visit : 20/11/16

Contact Details/Address : 9041 6226

Hours of Business : 10- 8

Rates : $50 half

Age : looked 20 to 25

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments :
Walked in to find only Tiffany working, 
This place used to have a gorgeous South American girl working who'd give a super sensual massage but apparently she's moved on 

Tiffanys quite attractive with a good body, 
C cups and prob size 10, 
She gave a pretty average massage but got a lot better when it became more sensual,
She gave a decent hj and let me get her tits out but wanted too much money to suck on them, $80 plus.
as I only had $40 on me she I made do with a nice hj and off I went.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th June 2017, 05:41 PM
Poster ID: Jiffy888
Post Title: 
 Olive Tree Massage - 193 Middleborough Road, Box Hill
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Olive Tree Massag

Date of Visit : 10 June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 193 Middleborough Road, Box Hill
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...d-Boxhill.html

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $75 for hour massage

Age : 24

Size/shape : Petite, A Cups, Size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, DATY, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Drive past this place all the time, its tucked in between a line of shops, so you do get the wondering eye from the neighbors and pedestrian. Plenty of parking available during the day. Went in on a Saturday and paid $75 for the hour. Cherry greeted me at the door and i asked before paying what extras she did, gave the me universal HJ gesture and said we can talk more during. Got undressed and a typical room set up, small sheet of paper for the little guy and sheet of paper for your face.

Cherry walks in and start a nice massage, not much pressure point or kneading but long strokes down the back, side and arms. As she is on the top of the bed I stroke her legs and get a good piece of her ass, she is tiny but firm. 15 minutes of upper body, then down to my legs, right leg then left leg, another 15 minutes. During the leg massage I turn a bit and get another good grab of her ass and she seems to enjoy it. She says wait, I will get hot towel. Comes back with a bucket of hot water and a towel (question if these towels ever gets changed, much prefer the ones that have been steaming in the hot towel machine, but that's just my thoughts). washes the oil off my back and legs and dries me with the dry towel in the room. we start the negotiations LOL $50 for HJ, $80 for nude which i agree too. she is a tiny girl like i said, you can see her spine when she bends over. nice little A cups. 

she leaves her lingerie on and i start to hold her and bring her close to me, she is a little shy but enjoys my hands on her and around her waist slowly kiss her back and undo her bra, like i said nice A cups, give them a good fondle then take her undies off, small tight pussy with a minimal bush. I can feel she is wet so work her clit with my fingers and she seems to be enjoying this very much, so i turn her around and have her bend over, she spreads her legs apart and allows me to finger fuck her small tight pussy, it not very deep but she is wet. She gyrates back to me and is really enjoying it, i slap her ass a few times. she cums and then i have her lie on the bed and continue with DATY and some more fingering, she cums again.

After all this i am ready to cum with all this excitement, i ask for a CBJ and she agrees but need to pay more, agree on $125 so i grab the condom and she start to give me a deep BJ with her ass in the air, she wont let me finger her anymore as she has had enough. With mouth and hand action she get me over the line. all in all a very solid performance from Cherry. I joke that i will be back next week and i will want more LOL she doesnt say no.

as always YMMV and if you treat them well you never now. She is a nice girl, english is ok, face is ok and body is small. if you like the tyical asian school girl feel she is the one for you. Handle with care though haha


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th June 2017, 09:36 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A bit of excitement in the rnt scene creeping back, but at a great price.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th June 2017, 08:00 AM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm confused with the prices quoted and how much you paid. $75hr and you paid $125 for a CBJ? $200 total for one hour. Earlier you said you agreed to $80 for nude.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th June 2017, 01:39 PM
Poster ID: Jiffy888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep all up $200. $80 was for nude but once the action started I asked for more and she charged more accordingly.


