Thread Title: Tranquil Elements - Northcote - 03 9489 2919
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 12:31 AM
Poster ID: ae1
Post Title: 
 Tranquil Elements - Northcote - 03 9489 2919
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ginger

Establishment : Tranquil Elements - Northcote

Date of Visit : Early Jan

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 466 High St, Northcote VIC 3070. (03) 9489 2919 

Hours of Business : 10.00am - 10.00pm

Rates : $80.00

Age : 30(ish)

Size/shape : Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai(?)

Services Provided : Lomi Lomi massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? : no.........

My experience/comments : 

Well, I have been to this place before (the last time was about 12 months ago). They give a fantastic Thai massage and all the girls are super cute - but never had any joy with extra's, so it's a good place to go for a legit massage.

I was given a gift voucher for here for christmas, and i thought I've never had a Lomi massage before, so why not? I booked a time and turned up, and for the first time, a not so cute girl appears (well, not for me anyway). I'm thinking that this is surely not my masseuse who is going to give me my fist Lomi massage.
I was wrong. She leads me to the room, introduces herself as Ginger, tells me to undress and lie down. She reappears (I check - its still her), and begins the massage. She asks if I've been here before? 'Yes, but not for a while' (because it was too much of a tease I think to myself). She asks who I saw there, and I reply Maya. 'Oh,' she says. 
Anyway, on with the massage - nothing fantastic. I'm still thinking I haven't had a proper Lomi ..... when her hands start going where they shouldn't for a legit massage. 
Ginger knows what to do to get me to attention. All with no prompting from me. She leans into my ear, and, this is the killer part, whispers 'Would you like special massage like Maya used to do?' What?! One of the cuties used to give special massages and i never got one?!? 
Anyway, I was all worked up and ready to go - so i stupidly say yes. She asks for 50. As i wasn't expecting anything to happen in the massage i only had 40. She accepted (but asked for the cash then and there). She gave an ok tug, with the usual result. Nothing fantastic. Didn't really feel like trying to touch her - just thought of Maya instead.

So, it wasn't really what i was after, probably to expensive for what it was, and now i want to know where Maya works.

Would I return? Only for a legit massage at this place, and not from Ginger (sorry Ginger).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 10:47 PM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Funny. Haven't been here in Ages,  but there was only 1 girl who used to do Lomi (professional certificate from a Very reputable massage school) but definitely average looking at best. Massage itself was great but wouldn't budge under $50 for a T if she offered it at all. I saw her twice & T was great but at $130 for massage & hj with no touching (not even during the tug) got too rich for my blood.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th September 2014, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: donotforgive
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Im pretty Sure Ginger is back, was there in late July 2014 for a massage. Massage was very good, this girl gives and increadible massage, deffinetly not much to look at and deffinetly not for any special service, She said she was in thailand for holiday and had just returned back to work. I went in there as a friend suggested there is a girl there who gives him some special treatment, I think maybe her name is Tina. I went there in hopes Tina would be there, when I got there (didnt call in) Tina was not there on that day, so thought what the heck lets take a punt with what they give. Ginger came out and thought what the heck, ill just get a great massage. Tranquile Elements is probably the most consistent masssage joint I been to in terms of acctualy getting a great massage. I have never been disappointed with the massage there. Might have to go in some time and ask for Tina again. Ill confirm the name from my friend and keep you all posted.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th November 2014, 09:19 AM
Poster ID: ae1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by donotforgive


Might have to go in some time and ask for Tina again. Ill confirm the name from my friend and keep you all posted
"""



Hi donotforgive,

Did you have any luck confirming that name? I'm going to give this place another go tomorrow.

Thanks.


