Thread Title: Urban Spa - 685 Centre Rd, Bentleigh Vic - 0451 174 946
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 09:38 AM
Poster ID: Tobygee8
Post Title: 
 Urban Spa - 685 Centre Rd, Bentleigh Vic - 0451 174 946
				
Post Content: 
Sara

Location: Level 1 / 685 Centre rd Bentleigh East

Visited 23/1/2014

Contact details 0451174946

Hours of business 10-8pm

Rates 55 half hours + extras

Age - 40+

Nationality australian/Caucasian 

Size - around 8-10, DD

Services provided, hj,bj

Value for money - I think a little to expensive!!

Hey guys, 
So saw urban spas ad on locanto and thought I'd give it a try,
Didn't bother booking an appointment or anything as walkins were welcome.

Did at first struggle to find the place as its just a door In between two shops.

I got there and started to walk upstairs to another door with a bell, they knew I was coming as there are surveillance cameras as you walk up, so before ringing the bell Sara was already there to greet me.

She spoke very softly like she was massage gypsy,

She asked me if half hour for 55 was ok, I was horny as hell at this stage wearing trackies with nothing on underneath, anything was gonna be ok!

She led me to a discreet room told me she does things differently here, she told me to undress and lay down an shell be back in a few minutes.

I did as she said, laid face down with a hard on poking out the back.

She came back in and said wow, maybe at the sight of my 25 year old body and my hard cock hanging out between my legs.

She whispered in my ear, now, for an extra 55 we can make this a bit more enjoyable, I was thinking 110 bucks for an half hour massage, bit steep!! I'd already come this far I didn't wanna miss out. I said sure why not!

I could hear her undressing and she said what do you think, I turned my head to find a gorgeous older lady with big dd boobs and erect nipple and a nice hairy Pussy standing there.

Being younger I guess this is a bit more of a turn on for me!! 

I put my head back down and she started massaging me ever so softly, not the best of massages, I would of preferred something a bit harder, but she knew i was already in the mood! 

She poured oil all over my skin and I could feel her big boobs and hard nipples sliding across my back, wow did that feel good, she then giggled and said I just have to taste you.

She. Got a wet wipe and rubbed it over my asshole and cock, she then preceded to lick my ass and knob for a bit making me squirm!

Before I knew it, we were sitting on about 20 minutes and she asked me to turn over.

There I was laying there with the biggest erection id had in awhile staring at this gorgeous woman, she started to tease me and lick my knob some more before she oiled up my shaft an balls.

As she started to rub my cock, I had to go in for a feel, I started stroking her ass and she loved it, she turned to me an spread her legs some more, I leant up a little and put one of her hard nipples in my mouth, sucking it like a little boy, my other hand slid down in between her legs to find a soaking wet Pussy, I rubbed my fingers around we clit before inserting one into her wet hole, damn this was an amazing experience, both getting to enjoy it.

By now she'd been rubbing my cock and balls  for 5 minutes and I didn't think I could handle anymore, she knew I was gonna cum!! 

Sara leant back, and slowed her run down, I exploded everywhere, she absolutely loved it.

She said I'll be back in 2 mins, went out and got a hot towel and tissues, she cleaned me up and used the towel to wipe off all the excess oil, front and back.

She aske how I felt, like she didn't know! Amazing!! 

She told me to get dressed an meet her outside. I met her at the desk were I had to pay the other 55 dollars, she gave me a soft kiss and said always ask for Sara when you come back!  yes, yes I will!! 

All in all, wow what an experience, yes 110 dollars for a half hour massage is a bit steep and it wasn't a proper remedial massage, I wouldn't be going there to get my knots out  

But if your looking for a good time where your both naked and can have wandering hands, also don't mind an older woman, then Sara is perfect!!! 

I'll definitely be going back when I have a spare 110  

Thanks Guys,

Toby!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th May 2014, 06:53 PM
Poster ID: torpedo99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is Emily filipino? Short girl with smallish tits? If this is the same then she has moved back to bentleigh from Westall Rd. This is one ....... girl!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th May 2014, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: McCauley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yeah she is and yeah she moved back to bentleigh, she said after the raid she needed to keep a low profile before she could return. and yes she is one ..... girl! having said that i wont be back for any more jasmine/emily


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd May 2014, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: andrewellis850
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I lucked out with Sara last year but sounds like worthwhile paying a visit again and check out the DDs. Thought maybe she left as quiet about her but loads on Kelly and Jasmine. Anyone else had luck with Sara as she looked as though there was potential


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd May 2014, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by andrewellis850


I lucked out with Sara last year but sounds like worthwhile paying a visit again and check out the DDs. Thought maybe she left as quiet about her but loads on Kelly and Jasmine. Anyone else had luck with Sara as she looked as though there was potentia
"""



OP said he got extras with Sara, I reviewed Sara in the Silver Lounge and mentioned I got FS but IIRC you didn't believe me? 

Maybe you need to go and try your luck...


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st June 2014, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: andrewellis850
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just got voicemail message today. Still keen to give it a go. Hope the DDs are still there


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd June 2014, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They're closed for another two weeks


