Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th January 2017, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Vivienne - Nature Beauty - Toorak Vic -  0466 841 962 / (03) 8529 3917
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Vivienne 

Establishment : Nature beauty

Date of Visit : 30/ December/ 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 
38 Jackson Street
Toorak Victoria

(03) 8529 3917

0466 841 962

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm
7 days

Rates : $50.00 for 30min massage
Extra $30. for HJ, 
Maybe more on offer depending on WL.

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : medium build, fulsome tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (I think)

Services Provided : Massage & clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : OK, but much better options out there.Last Friday I called here late in the afternoon. Curiosity got me through the door. It is a funny little joint, almost divey, almost discreet.

Standing in reception I am requested by signage to speak softly in consideration of other clients, FMD !

Out comes Vivienne, middle aged Asian manager. ( Maybe owner )

She whispers "You want massage?" "Oh yes please" I whisper back. I confirm that it will be she who does the massage. She points to a comprehensive price board sign, & I handover a $50. note for 30 mins.

It was a humid day, & she lead me to a small dark room which was pleasantly set up. We are the only ones here. She leaves me to get sorted.

I get my gear off & peak under the table & see a few knick knacks including a box of tissues.
I go starkers & hop up on the table on my stomach. When I pop my head up, I notice there is a mirror.

She returns, clearly she has no issue with me being uncovered & commences the rub.

She whispers "how you like it ?"
She places her face very close to mine, as I instruct " oh very soft, very slow, nice & gentle." " Oh ok I give you nice nice" she whispers.

Ah, so far so good.

Her massage style was a whole of body pattern. Rub the back, swoop down to the legs via the outer thighs, then return to the back from the legs via the inside thighs, & with a light brush of the crack on the return journey

This procedure was very repetitive. I decided to add some encouragement by moaning & ohoooing & uhmmming & yum yum yummmming whenever she went near an area I approved of. 

I was also lifting my arse up, to help her out, if she decided to explore things a little more forensically. She somehow managed to resist the temptation. 

It was just enough of a tease to keep me interested, but nothing I could really hang my hat on. Maybe it is a strategy in case of LE.

I glanced at her in the mirror a few times, & sprung her staring at the ceiling looking bored shitless.
After what felt like time might be up, she whispers "I get hot towel now". She gives me a comprehensive towelling which had a vibe of this is it, all over red rover. 

Thankfully, she asked me to flip. I was flaccid. I also hadn't popped a bluey. She massaged very close to the jewels, but again, nothing that would concern a magistrate.

I could not ascertain if this was a legit place or RnT. I wanted to know if a tug was on the cards, but did not want to be offensive by asking outright. 

I tried a little acid test that has served me well for a long time, with very accurate results,

I happen to have sensitive nipples. So, I point to my nipples and ask if she would mind giving them a soft rub, as I really like it. 

In my experience, there are no grey areas in the reply. If she says no, it is never a flirty maybe, it is always a definitive absolute NO. I back off at 1000 mph because I know I have misread the signs & there is no way any hanky panky is going to happen. 

I feel it is less offensive than asking for a tug, particularly if a legit therapist is just trying to do her job. 

To draw an analogy, I don't ask a check out chick if she would mind giving me a quick handy or a blowie, while Mrs Jones fiddle farts around emptying her supermarket trolley. 

However, if the answer is yes, or oh really ? or do you like that ? or do you mean like this ? Or blah blah, then I know it is full steam ahead.

Whilst having my nipples lightly tweaked is a bit of a turn on, I usually exaggerate my reaction to imply they are driving me wild. It works a treat. 

So When I asked Vivienne to have a crack at my nipples, she whispered "yeah sure".

It got the ball rolling. Vivienne did not do much for me in the looks dept...ok but just ok. She had a little pot belly, maybe preggars ? dunno. I am not normally a tit man, but she has a magnificent set of breasts. I tried to return the nipple favour, but she was having none of it. "Well could you at least pop them out so I can have a look ?" "No no no" and she wasn't whispering. 

She suggested she massage my "front" all over. Then, pointing at my cock, whispers "I'll look after you". We agreed on $30. 

Unfortunately I only had another $20. cash on me. That was no problem for Our Vivienne, "you can use card".

So she poured oil on my cock, and used her left hand to polish my knob, and her right hand to tweak my nipples. Whilst not an earth shattering experience, it was still a most competent piece of multitasking. She knows how to give a HJ.

She wipes me down, and leaves me to get dressed. I noticed that before my massage & now after it, she places a large body size sheet of tissue on the table. The towels are not touched though !!
Perhaps a bit grotty in this heatwave.

She is waiting for me when I come out of the room. She is very friendly & and offers me a small paper cup of water, not much bigger than an egg cup, and compliments me on my footwear. 

As we walk to the reception area she says that there are usually at least 4 girls per day, all young, always getting new young girls, no matter which one you choose, ALL will "Look After You". Maybe "Look After You" is PRC for "nudge nudge wink wink"

Then it's over to the EFTPOS gadget. We confirm I owe her $30. for the handy. She swipes the card, "cheque or savings ?" hands me the device & politely whispers "total is $31., $1.00 surcharge for using card". There are no flies on Our Vivienne. 

I refrained from suggesting that she had forgotten to charge me for the paper egg cup full of water.

We said our farewells, and I drove home with a smile on my face.


