Thread Title: Wild Jasmine - Frankston - 03 9770 5998
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th June 2016, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: massageplease
Post Title: 
 Wild Jasmine - Frankston - 03 9770 5998
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miley

Establishment : Wild Jasmine 

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 37 Playne St, Frankston VIC 3199

Hours of Business : 10am- 8pm

Rates : 79 /hr +

Age : 25

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT , Body Slides Massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Well this was a surprise, felt like lunch , a style of Rice perhaps. 
So into the room which is always comfortable & warm. She's older & not especially doing it for me , well not at all actually. 
But I'm a bit under the weather and a good massage alone would be nice, I always get one here,  how wrong I was over the next hour.

She leaves and shortly after Miley returns, I'd seen a few here but not her, Off comes the traditional Skirt & into the tiny shorts, small petite , hot, is the quick assessment . Straddling me firmly its possibly the best massage I've ever had so thats good, feels nice , the slightest hint of a brush and the held up towel as I flip. Thinking , hmmmmmm...
Quickly however its, so what else would you like?
Bit Pricey but at around 80 she's completely naked and my head is about to explode as this slim taut pocket rocket is sliding around on me, dark & tanned , nice tatts, etc etc etc. Going up & down I'm cm's from shall we say just wanting to pop it in....
She had no problem with wandering hands anywhere, and I mean anywhere. 
Anyway , all good clean fun, now I finally know where to go , and more importantly who to book, might negotiate down a bit. 
After some disappointing efforts in these parts , this was a nice change. 
She reminded to sort out the whole deal at the beginning for the best experience . ( have since returned , as have many others it seems ) 
Jenni also is great here , awesome massage followed by a very pleasant conclusion sans clothes. 
Out


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th June 2016, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey MP, it is a good wrap of what goes on at Wild Jasmine, I will be back in town next week, i think this will be the first one on my list. I will write up my own experience once i visit.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th August 2018, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: Hancock
Post Title: 
 Wild Jasmine - Frankston - 03 9770 5998
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Wild Jasmine

Date of Visit : Aug 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Beach St Frankston

Phone : 03 97705998

Hours of Business : til 9pm?

Rates : $70 hr

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : good

My experience/comments :.

Not my usual neighbourhood, so really didnt know what to expect. Few shops in close proximity but just liked the name. Very nice inside and surprisingly big. Led further in to a large room with a large table.

Sunny is petite and quiet. Very polite, very pleasant. Spends some time on my feet and legs, pushing down and working up back. Puts her knees into my bum and slides down the sides. Cracks my back and then hops off the table. 

Starts a slow oil massage on my shoulders, comments how knotted they are, and slowly but surely works into them. Leaves the towel covering bum and legs until finished with back. Leaves one leg covered whilst doing the other. 

I think from being do tired and relaxed at this point i dozed off until i felt the hot towel on my back when she cleaned off the oil. No flip as time was up, so I'll have to try again next time I'm down that way. Awesome massage, nice girl. So was probably what i needed.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th August 2018, 10:13 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Hancock


So was probably what i needed
"""



Well maybe not ALL you needed.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st September 2018, 12:52 AM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So that was a 1hr back massage @Hancock ?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st September 2018, 08:08 PM
Poster ID: Hancock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Correct. Lot of time on shoulders. While i was awake anyways lol.


