Thread Title: Wild Orchid -  144 Buckley street essendon Vic - 9325 4545
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th February 2017, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: allan78
Post Title: 
 Wild Orchid -  144 Buckley street essendon Vic - 9325 4545
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : unknown

Establishment :  Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 14/2/17

Contact Details/Address/ 144  buckley street essendon

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 60min / $70

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : R&T, rimming nude 

Value for money/recommend? : good to great

My experience/comments :

Was feeling a bit stressed from having one of those days so did a cold call in to a massage shop was not sure what to expect. An Asian woman in her early 30s not great looking but a nice little body but with smallish bust greeted me and rushed me in to a room where she took my $70 for an hour appointment, i was still uncertain of the service i would receive well i undressed so i left my jocks on when the girl returned she told me to lay on the bed, as i did she said take these off that's when i thought i should at least get a tug as well. What this girl lacked in looks she made up for in effort the massage was actually really good with her sitting on top of me for some using her legs and arms like a pro. She allowed touching and didn't even ask about extra she just reached her hand under me and grabbed my cock, she already had oil on her hand and she massage my cock and balls for 5 mins or so before asking if i wanted extra she offered a few options but as i was a little short on cash i told her i only had 50 which she wanted 100 for nude b2b, tug and touching on her she had put my change on the side table so she agrred to do the above for $80. She stripped instantly and started rubbing all over me with her body she the grabbed my cock still from under me and started pulling and rubbing while licking my balls and arse this lasted until i came allover her arm and towel she didnt even slow down with the licking and she kept pulling for a while. She then cleaned up the mess and said do you wan tto cum again and started rubbing my cock on her face and tits but i knew we were out of time for a second go she wiped me down and then gave me a dry massage and talked a little her English was good.

all in all was a great service and i will return it would be nice if she had bigger boobs but she made up for it in effort and service we ran over time and she said she was happy for me to cum twice but next time she will start earlier as i lasted longer than she thought i would the first time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd March 2017, 08:01 AM
Poster ID: allan78
Post Title: 
 wild orchid massage essendon
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : unknown possibly Cherrie

Establishment :  Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 1/3/17

Contact Details/Address/ 144  buckley street essendon

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 60min / $70

Age : Around 25

Size/shape : Slim small but nice boobs b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes   

My experience/comments

I Thought i would stop in on a whim due to a previous win at this place. i had no booking but was shown to a room straight away by a gorgeous looking Asian girl showing a bit of cleavage and wearing tight black pants. she said my masseuse will be in soon. I undressed and to my surprise the same girl returned to do the massage. the massage was fairly good and things were looking up a bit of light ball touching and she allowed me touching her and started to encourage it i was rubbing her pussy through her pants which she seemed to enjoy but on the flip she just massage my hips and lightly brushed my cock then said oops were out of time with no offers of a time extension or any extras. 

I believe she would of done extras but just had poor time management and a bit of a clock watcher, overall paid $70 for a good hour long massage were i was able to touch and play with a gorgeous girl so not bad value will try my luck again soon.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th March 2017, 12:36 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow all tease and no happy at the end. Poor form lol.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st May 2017, 05:50 PM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Lily

Establishment :   Wild Orchid Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 19/05/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   144 Buckley Street, Essendon VIC     T: 93254545   (got this from white pageshope it's right!)

Hours of Business :    Unsure

Rates :   $50 ½ hour massage + extras

Age :    mid 20's

Size/shape :    size 6-8, slim a-b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Thai

Services Provided :    Nude massage,  CBJ,  69, HJ

Value for money/recommend? :    No

My experience/comments :    Entrance on busy road so not very discrete but looks semi legit on the outside.  You pay first at "reception" when you enter so paid $50 for ½ hour massage. Was shown to room at back.  Pretty clean looking place with proper rooms..small but private.  Lily comes in..cute little 20 something so things looking up. Asked if I had been here before..said yes as always but hadn't.  Started the extras talks and she said she would do nude body slide for $100.  Now my brain must not have been engaged because from here on I thought the prices she started quoting included the $50 I just paid but..no they didn't.  I told her though I only had $60 left (I did) and then negotiated nude & oral for $110 thought I had done pretty well.  Lily had a great little body and the nude BJ moved into mutual oral and then eventually she finished me off  with an ok HJ.  Her attitude was all business though and her English wasn't great but eating her sweet pussy and playing with her tight little body was enough to keep me happy .   Anyway after some massage to finish, time to pay the pipershe wanted $110 on top of my $50 I had paid !!   Well after some awkward negotiating gave her my $60 another $20 via paypass and got out of there.    I am sure the punter waiting in reception heard the whole commotionhad his head down playing with his phone but half a grin on his face!   So should have been $160 for what I gotpaid $130.   Too much IMObetter value elsewhere.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st May 2017, 08:39 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I cannot believe there are punters out there prepared to pay $160 for a nude BJ and they must be paying it because she demanded it and must get it fairly regularly by the sound of it, amazing.


