Thread Title: Zen massage 729 Heidelberg rd Alphington 8395 6712
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th May 2018, 04:46 PM
Poster ID: ritual
Post Title: 
 Zen massage 729 Heidelberg rd Alphington 8395 6712
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Zen massage

Date of Visit : 2/5/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Zen massage 729 Heidelberg rd Alphington 83956712

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $45 half $65 hour + extras 

Age : 25

Size/shape : slim big tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : said Japanese 

Services Provided : massage and topless hj

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments :

I've driven past this place a few times and on this day I had some time to spare, so I thought I'll get a massage.
I got to the door and it was locked.. My bad, because this place is on a main road and there is a bus stop not to far, and just my luck a bus arrived as I was standing at the door after I pressed the buzzer, as people got off.
Anyway a pretty Asian girl opens the door wearing a black tank top and white cut off jeans looked really hot, she welcomes me in, I ask if I could have a 30 min massage, sure she tells me, $45.
Into the first room I go and she says strip and I'll be back soon. I do as she says and lay down on the table the room is small but nice and clean with some classic massage shop decor. In she walks and I ask her for her name, she says Annie.
 The massage starts but no effort what so ever so I tell her harder please, as I lay there my hands wonder onto to her legs and arse and I have a little rub, but she doesn't like this and moves away, the massage continues, a bit harder now and a lot better than when she started, this goes on for about 10 min, as she massages my legs she raises my leg like a frogs back legs (this is the only way I can explain the position) and massages in and around my arse, balls and inner thighs.. But not really touching.. Wow, even though this feels great her attitude feels clinical.
At this point I'm hard so I initiate the turn.
She looks a my dick, no smile or anything cheeky, like.. You like my massage nothing, She ask's if I want to be rubbed there, I say yes and what else is on offer? $30 chj, $70 topless with touching and nude at $120, I counter her topless to $50 and she agrees. As she starts rubbing I pull down her tank top and reveal this massive set of tits, I say a d at least and perked right up, I ask her if the are real and she says yes, I gladly fondal them as she gives me a handy.. But her tequnique isn't the greatest, like a jack hammer fast and only fast.. But this bit of the hj I didn't like, not 2 min in she starts to say.. You cum, you cum.
 Cum? I tell her, you just started and there is plenty of time, I could see the clock there was still 10 min remaining, she now has both her hand on my dick and is pulling so hard and fast I tell her to stop, I try explaining how I like it rubbed, so she try's again my way, I ask if I can kiss her nice tits but says no... Extra, everything is extra.
she finishes me off, leaves and cleans me with a nice hot towel.
I was disappointed with the experience because she was hot to look at but had a cold attitude.
What gets me is, I know that ther're doing a job, but some of these girls need to lift there game, give a little gfe and we will be back for more and more money for them.
This girl took almost half my daily wage in 30min and showed no enthusiasm.
Annie only works Wed.
WIR... Not for her but will try another girl.


