Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd September 2015, 04:28 PM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: 
 2/1-5 Albany Street, St Leonards Massage 0413 199 335
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aiko?

Establishment : 2/1-5 Albany Street, St Leonards

Date of Visit : 23/9/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 199 335

Hours of Business : 10.00-7

Rates : $40/30min $65/60min

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Jap

Services Provided : Massage &Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you are into Nippon

So i've decided to go to St Leonards for my weekly RNT fix this time, and i initially wanted to go to 38-46 Albany again but it was Tiffany's turn again, she was pushy as usual, and I didn't quite like the idea of MILFS so i walked, and wandered across the road to 1-5 Albany. It does look like they've changed hands, now a Chinese papasan looking after the shop.
As soon as I walked in, i've been asked to go upstairs straight away so punters beware you don't get to see the ladies and it makes it hard for you to walk if the lady turns up isn't your cup of tea.

I asked to use the bathroom because i know i would have been able to say no if i was taken up the stairs, the bathroom was right next to the area where the two ladies stayed.
One was on the older side probably late 30s another was early 20s, and it did look like it was her turn.
Face wise wasn't my cup of tea, but rather tall, 5'6 and a size 8, she does have some meats but not fat.

So i was taken up the stairs and stayed in the room on the right, room was clean enough which was a plus for me. But I was expecting it to be an authentic japanese massage as per the advitisement.
Massage was quite disappointing, merely rubbing or touching?! with oil. no pressure at all and only focused on one tiny area.
She was nice enough to talk to however, friendly lady, and part 2 came, asked to flip, and she gave an average HJ, one hand stroking another grabbing my balls.
No oil was used in the HJ, hence it didn't feel quite right. So i asked for a foot job, and she said yes! Toes neat and tidy painted black, but lacked the technique even when taught.
Blew my load and left.

It was something new for me as I always want to try Nippon but don't expect them to be the ones you see in Jap porn, because its totally different.
I would rate the massage 4/10, face 5/10 and service 9/10.
If you guys want real Japs and good service, this is where to go, but don't expect hot ones.

Will I return? Probably not soon unless I want some Nippon fix.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd November 2015, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sara

Establishment : 2/1-5 Albany Street, St Leonards

Date of Visit : 28/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 199 335

Hours of Business : 10.00-7

Rates : $40/30min $65/60min

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Jap

Services Provided : Massage &Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

So on that particular day, I was horny as fuck but didn't want no Thais or anything, so i went for my Nippon fix.
Rang and found out 3 ladies were on, i asked if they were young, the lady said 24, 25 and 26.
I confirmed with her once more that she does have young, like young lady not milfs she said yes so i took her words.

Arrived at lunch time, two ladies available, was shown Sara, who was rather tall for a Jap, probably stands 165cm, short hair, and has a cute japanese face.
Not the prettiest but easy on eyes, and one that you would bang. She was wearing some enclosed flats not thongs so I thought her feet would definitely smell nice. (I have a strong foot fetish for those reading)

Up to the room, she has really good manner, gives average massage, really average, might be slightly better than the "massage" given by any cauc ladies.
This lasted 15 ish min which she gave a good tease, running her fingers along my sack, until i was told to flip, mmmm this was exciting, she wore the shoes for the whole shift, it should smell nice.

She then oiled my cock, started giving a HJ. I asked if she could give me a foot job, she politely declined but i then asked if i can 'play' with her feet.
I took off her shoes while she was still hesitating, and eventually brought them up to my face whilst i was getting jerked off.
I was lying on my back, she was sitting by the side and had her foot stuck up my face, pure awesomeness. 
Thing i find with Jap or any chinese MLs is that you are not likely to thigh fuck them with their feet in your face. The MLs just don't do it.
Of all my RNT sessions, i find Thais (100% success rate) and Viets (90% success rate) are the ones who will oblige. They will do what you want. 
Hence I've moved towards Viets recently, as i don't prefer the darker skin Thais. So Viets would be the next best to Korean, Chinese and Japanese.

I then started sucking her toes, licking her sole, and eventually i blew my load while sucking her big toe.
This was a satisfying punt i must say. 

To describe Sara, she has short hair, slim, tallish, like pictured below, obviously not as hot but thats the general idea:


I would definitely recommend Sara to anyone who has a thing for Jap.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th November 2015, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: angleangle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
weird  ..sucking toes???


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th November 2015, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
And who are you here to judge?


