Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2011, 07:45 PM
Poster ID: ARX301
Post Title: 
 AcuMedi Clinic - 3B/3 Spit Rd, Mosman - 02 8065 2398
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : AcuMedi Clinic

Date of Visit : 11/7/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  3B, 3 Spit Rd., Mosman

Hours of Business :  10pm - 7am

Rates : $65/hr, $35/0.5hr

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Thai Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Hmm a bit expensive.

Advertisedin the Tele as Mosman, Chinese full body remedial Relax massage, No sex... Ladies name Mimi (another one) who said it was her first day. Place was cold but they turned on heater and air cond. when I arrived. As I was expecting chinese massage asked if she was from China, but no she said Thailand. So I asked if this was Thai massage & she said yes, but to me seemed same as chinese :-) . Her hands were cold and it took about 1/2hr of the 1hr massage for the room to warm up. Also the rooms have no doors but curtains and the way the air flows the curtain moves so you think someone is about to come in. She offered nude for an extra 50 or "happy ending" (her words) for $20. Because of the cold she was wearing lots of clothing & I wasn't sure how good she would look undressed, plus $50??, so I only agreed to the $20. All in all the experience was only average but maybe if it had been a bit hotter & not her first day it may have been more enjoyable.
Note that there is a naturopath offering massage 2 doors down, and there is a busy bus stop right outside the door. Lots of traffic goes past as its on the corner of Military Rd. and Spit Rd.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2011, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: wotif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
wonder how long this place will last. I heard the other tenants in the block are not that happy. Also a FS place around the corner. I have been to the legit naturopath down the road for an injury and she is very good legit masseur - older woman.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th November 2011, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Acumedi Clinic

Date of Visit : 5/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3B 3 Spit Road Mosman

Hours of Business :  10-8

Rates : $60/hr
Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Slim, c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, body slide, kissing, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Well Hellyeah, it didn't take long! Noticed the adds moved from Massage to adult services so thought I'd pop in today for TOFTT.

after dodging thru the bus traffic, including asking the ticket inspector to move so I could open the door, up the stairs and paid my $60 for the massage and shown to a fully partitioned massage room and in came Amy. Lay down in the raw and she gently rubbed her hands up my back and down my crack asking what sort of massage I'd like! Soft and sexy was the order of the day and then she started, wasn't long before she was rubbing her body against mine to  get me to ask for the extras so I kindly obliged and offered $50 for the deal. Off with her clothes and some serious rubbing before we embrace in a deep kiss and I rolled her over for a nice massage and tease, was told to keep my fingers on the outside of her crotch but as she was massage my old fella and me working her cute tits the fingers progressively slipped into her and eventually bringing her to an orgasm. After some nice kissing and tongue she had me lie down, appllied some oil and began a slow but very sensual tug, working the balls and prostrate area very professionally. My fingers slipped back into her wet pussy as she brought me to a great and very deep orgasm. Certainly the best tug I've had for some time and I am sure as you get to know her the fun will increase.
Almost fell asleep as she began a great foot massage and some pressure point stuff, absolutley thought I was in heaven there for a while.
After a bit of discussion found I was only the 4th customer of the day, at 3pm, no one else there but me Amy and the mumusan, obviously they recognise the reality of keeing these places open!
Amy only works weekends but recomend for a massage and professional tug!
JB1


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th November 2011, 10:27 AM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Obviously a place to watch; hasn't been a good R'n't place here since the one near the Council offices closed down - that was a tragedy; had some great girls there.   Reports on weekdays would be good - Amy sounds well worth a visit.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th November 2011, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: mowerman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : maggie

Establishment : 3 spit rd

Date of Visit : she works saturdays

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  closes at 8

Rates : $65 1hr plus $20 tip for happy ending

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : tall for asian good body

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese i think

Services Provided : massage t hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )maggie massage was pretty good she told me she also does massage in westfield but dont know where when i turned over she rubbed around my dick for a while but i was pretty tired so i didnt get fully hard at that stage. she asked about happy ending at the end and i think she wouldve asked sooner if i was more aroused. she also didnt mind me rubbing her arse through her clothes she told me a new owner took over last week and it was her first day so i think next time it will be more like we like. i think it was good value because maggie was better looking to me than some girls in other shops and also the place is very clean and she is good to talk to.when i left i said next time she can be nude and she said ok but i dont know if she was just agreeing with me


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd November 2011, 07:18 AM
Poster ID: jojo1on1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hellyeah


wonder how long this place will last. I heard the other tenants in the block are not that happy. Also a FS place around the corner. I have been to the legit naturopath down the road for an injury and she is very good legit masseur - older woman
"""



Where bouts is this bird. Whats her name? Is she listed at all?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th January 2012, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had a good time with Amy this afternoon - I don't know what this place may be like without her, but she gives really good value; a very nice, slim body and delectable breasts with hot little nipples.   She made no bones at all about stripping the moment I made it clear what I wanted, and after a good general massage and an excellent body slide at my request climbed aboard in a 69 position; really very shapely bottom with firm cheeks and an appetising already slightly wet cunt.   After I'd fingered her lightly, stroking rather than probing, she was quite happy for me to go to work with my tongue, and if she didn't come her bottom half was an excellent actor!   \  Meanwhile she worked away very nicely at the other end, playing about with the whole area, stroking my anus with a finger-tip and probing it gently before finishing me off with very dextrous fingers and palms.   Now if this shop can get together a few more good young Thai girls it could almost take the place of the much-lamented massage parlour along behind the Council offices.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd May 2012, 03:01 PM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You win some, you lose some.   Called in on a weekday, only the Mamasan there - I guess in her forties; not appealing.   She gave a good Thai massage, then asked if I wanted 'special', which was as uninspired hand-job as I've ever heard.   Just didn't have the heart to walk out.


