Thread Title: Chatswood's future
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2011, 06:36 PM
Poster ID: PeeknPoke
Post Title: 
 Chatswood's future
				
Post Content: 
Seems that Chatswood, council and its array of shops is getting more than its share of attention, add this to the discussions about the new government's anounced agenda.

Is Chatswood being setup by the press and others as the first battleline? We all know there are other suburbs where there are thick groupings of shops, but Chatswood is seen as one of those upmarket suburb where most of the local will start to worry about their property value, and perhaps a good first target.

So, the question is "Is anyone game to predict how this one will play out".

Possible outcomes:

1. High profile crackdown by councils, police and immigration.
2. Lost of partonage, but the wife/gf reads the paper too much.
3. Shop will tighten up their game and girls will stick to favours for regulars only.
4. Partonage drops and girls will move to better feeding grounds.
5. Business booms, because every knows Chatswood is the place to be.

What do you think?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th April 2011, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: d4v8ae
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i think it will be business as usual with some temporary disruption. council shutting down illegal brothels is not new. they know that its a futile and expensive exercise. the NSW libs will no doubt change some laws. we will see an expansion of internet advertising by WLs as "private" escorts with many unique mobile phone numbers. these "private" escorts will often have the same apartment on different days. just the same old illegal brothels. some illegal brothels are already operating this way fooling even the punters that they are private escorts.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th April 2011, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/new...-1226035633634

yeah.....page 11 of today's Tele doesn't help much either......judging by the publication of "flyboy's" comments....they're monitoring the site too.....ugh
There's no doubt the pollie's are going to be forced into making life harder for the business's in this area.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th April 2011, 12:29 AM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Will it be a case like in the UK where it is allowed to have 1-2 WL's in a house/flat yet any more will be considered an "illegal brothel"

That was exactly the case of "Sonia and Libby" (there is a review of then in the private section. The spanish ones who give mad BJ's) 
They got chased out of pretty much every private place in Parramatta. Eventually set up a private place in Castle Hill then moved onto greener pastures in Mosman (last time I saw them)

A scenario is that 5 0 will bust a few "places" and strike a bit of fear. Then they will pop up somewhere in another suburb. 
So it will be a case of hear no evil, speak no evil, see no evil. 

Having said that I thought Surry Hills had more illegal brothels the Chatswood. Go down to Bourke St and the Moore Park apartments and there is a shitload of them. 

Not that I care (cos I go to some of them from time to time)


