Thread Title: Darra Massage - 197 Military Road Neutral Bay - 0420 695 754
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st March 2016, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: 
 Darra Massage - 197 Military Road Neutral Bay - 0420 695 754
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tara (who disappeared) Amy (who finished. She works Wed/Thur if you want to avoid, I do)

Establishment : "Thai Massage"

Date of Visit : 30/3/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420695754 
Level 1, 197 Military Rd, Neutral Bay

Managed to find their backpage ad:
FULL BODY from $40 !!! ?New in Neutral Bay?? Sensual Full Body oil Massage by Professional Therapists - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com

Enter the court yard and immediately turn around and go up the stairs in the middle. Entrance is very out in the open

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm 7 days as far as I can tell.

Rates : $65 60min + $50 topless tug

Age : 
Tara, I'd say mid 30s. Looks to have boltons but I couldn't really tell. Pretty enough.
Amy, she's fat and I can't even guess at this one... anywhere between 20 and 35. Face like a smashed crab. Real B cups

Size/shape : 
Tara, a few extra kgs, fit looking though. 
Amy: Many extra Kgs, gotta be pushing >100Kgs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai, Thai

Services Provided : Tara did a great massage, Amy massage was ok. Topless tug, as much access as I wanted, I didn't want much...

Value for money/recommend? : 
Tara, line ball, plenty of better options. 
Amy, god no. 
The other girl I saw in reception, hell yes.

My experience/comments : 
Putting my money where my mouth is. I said 2016 was a year for me to try all the shops in Neutralbay/cremorne/mosman to see what could be achieved. First attempt at some recon and I'm walking down Military Rd when I spot this new shop that I hadn't seen before.

Entrance is very open to the public, and you climb an outdoor staircase above a courtyard full of lunching mums and business people. Made worse by the fact that I had to go back to collect my sunnies after the tug.

Into the shop and I'm greeted by a chirpy Tara who shows me into the room and asks how long. I say an hour and hand her the cash, wondering if I'll see a line up. I don't and Tara asks me to nude up on the table. While she returns with the change.

Tara is quite the conversationalist, has two degrees and is here studying her masters in IT. Originally from BKK, she’s now been here a year. Massage is very good as she does a superb back walk on her knees. I get some intel about the shop from her. It's been operating for a few weeks and the fitout is brand new. 15min into the session and the door bell rings, Tara pops out to answer it.

Here is where it gets weird, maybe 30seconds later the door opens, I just assume Tara is back, as I'm still face down. The massage re-commences with oil, "Tara" says nothing to start with and I start asking more questions about the shop. Didn’t even notice the voice change until eventually I use the name “Tara”. 

“oh, Tara had to go out”
WTF!!!! 

I turn over to discover Tara has been replaced by an awful looking whale. Jesus. Hands covered in oil, she asks if: “that’s ok?”

"Yeah ok", I say politely. Shiiiit. MiniMaid has fully retreated somewhere up inside my belly.

Massage is reasonable from Amy. She’s also fairly easy to talk to, but the language barrier is much bigger with her. She's from BKK and here studying english. There is almost zero tackle tickle before it’s turnover time and a flopsy MiniMaid is revealed, with no attempt to cover him up with a towel. Eventually there are a few more brushes on MiniMaid, who is warming to the task as I’ve got my eyes closed thinking about other punts.

Massage is finishing without a hint of a tug being offered and I make a decision, I’ll be asking for the tug. Which I do;
“happy ending” making the universal sign. 

Amy is shy, and asks for $20, but aslo says she’ll get her top off for a fiddy. I go the pineapple.

HJ is completed with heaps of oil and her technique is good enough, with just the right combination of stimulation on the arse and balls. Amy is quite happy to let my hands explore, but I’m really just testing the waters here, as I’m really not into her. Eventually I stop exploring and it takes me ages to get over the line with my eyes closed. Amy has me firing southwards down between my legs.

Offered a shower, which I decline and I’m cleaned up with some hot towels and a regular towel. Attention to hygiene is really good and the bed and coverings are all replaced.

On the exit I spot a very very fine young thai girl, we make eye contact with a smile. Gotta get back to see her (or try Tara again).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th April 2016, 07:02 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: 
 Darra Massage - 197 Military Road Neutral Bay - 0420 695 754
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mina

Establishment : Darra Massage

Date of Visit: 11 Apr 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0420695754 197 Military Road Neutral Bay FULL BODY MASSAGE $35 ?New in Neutral Bay?? Sensual Full Body oil Massage by Professional Therapists - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business: 10am til late

Rates: $55/$45/$35 hour/45min/30min for straight massage - +$30 HJ +$20 Nude

Age: Mid 20s???

Size/shape: tiny - gorgeous body, gorgeous B Cup tits

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: light massage, hand relief

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: This place is advertising in the Adult Section of Cracker as "New in Neutral Bay" and with a "No Sex" rider - it's a Bill Clinton No Sex policy though.


  Lucky for me my bus broke down in Neutral Bay so I wandered off and went to this place I had seen advertised whilst riding said bus - seriously I was looking at the ad on cracker and we were at the stop at the main intersection in NB when the driver turned off the engine and said the bus was u/s and we should all get off. Maybe I should write this up in the "While you were punting" thread - While I wasn't punting my bus broke down outside the shop I was just reading about on my iPhone so I went for a punt......anyway I digress.


  Firstly I have to say the stairs leading up to the entrance and the entrance itself is very exposed to a little square of eateries (reasonably busy eateries) and so this may not be for everyone. I normally don't worry about walking straight in off the street to a massage place but even I felt exposed walking up the stairs and into the entrance.


  Secondly the room I was in and at least one other I noticed open directly onto the reception area so when the girl is going in and out (she may need to get a hot towel or something) you are visible to everyone and anyone who may be in reception. 


  Mina herself is a gorgeous and tiny Thai girl with quite dark skin. The service was a pretty standard, very soft massage for about 20mins with lots of tackle tickle and between the legs teasing. I may have been feeling a little melancholy but it was to me a very sensual massage and I really enjoyed it. I normally prefer a 50yr Thai granny bending the crap out of me when I go for a regular massage so this was very different to what I prefer, this was very soft and flowing and very sensual. It had me quite aroused all the way through the massage. On the flip Mina asked if I wanted hand relief, a rhetorical question given I was rock hard from all of the reach through action. The real issue was would I pay $30 for the HJ and would I pay an extra $20 for clothes optional? I opted for both and she told me she would like to leave her underwear on. I asked if she would at least take off her bra and she agreed. I was doing her a favour here - as a boob man I was going to get across the line a lot quicker if I could cup a breast not just look at a padded bra.


  The rub was ok (nothing special) and so being able to caress her little breasts with nice large, dark nipples helped and then we were done. I was asked if I wanted a shower or hot towel and whilst I would have liked a shower I didn't want to be traipsing through the reception area sporting a semi-erect cock so I opted for the hot towel. It was actually what I would call a face washer so quite small and nearly useless.


  Mina works Monday and Wednesday and she is a soft and sensual girl who I would see again but I don't think I like the venue, if I am going to put on a show I would prefer it to be at the Couples Club or something not for a couple of guys drinking beer in the square and some bloke sitting in reception!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd September 2018, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: yampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: INDY (Fridays only)

Establishment : Dara Massage

Date of Visit: 10 August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: (02) 8387 4682, 197 Military Road Neutral Bay, https://www.honee.com.au/v/sydney/th...e/dara-massage

Hours of Business: 10am til late

Rates: $55 hour for straight massage - +$30 HJ +$20 Nude

Age: early 30's

Size/shape: Average shape, good c cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: medium massage, hand relief

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe

My experience/comments: 

It's been a while since I've frequented this place, possibly even a few years.  I was in Neutral bay looking for lunch and saw this and thought I've give it another try.  There is a new gum or health place upstairs next door now so it doesn't look too bad walking up the stairs inform of the diners in the court yard.

I hadn't made a booking and and just rocked up..  The door was locked and I rang the bell, there were 2 girls waiting and the door was opened pretty quickly..  Advised I was looking for a 1 hour massage and Indy walked me to the back room..  From the back she looked a bit chunky but was short and had nice brown skin.  She asked if I'd been before, I advised I had and asked for a shower.  The shower area is starting to look a bit tired and the door had fallen off so was a little hard to close.

Back in the room I got on the bed and Indy returned.  She gave quite a good massage but not really therapeutic, as she was coming to the end of my face down she started the tackle tickle and then asked if I wanted extras.  She quoted me $30 for a HJ and $50 for nude HJ but she wouldn't take her knickers off.  I propped myself up and had a good feel of her breast, they were a great natural c cup, she was also not as chunky as I first thought and just had a Latin style butt but a very slim waist..  I tried to get her down to $20 but she wouldn't have it..  So I went for the $30 and asked her to start with massaging my balls while I was face down..  She oiled them up and began working my balls only, eventually I had to put my had between my legs and push my cock in the air and she got the message, I moved to all 4's and she massages my balls with one hand and pulled me off with the other, when it got too much I flipped over and let her finish me off..  Not a bad HJ bit made all the better for starting face down..

Indy works Fridays only, if she went full nude and for the whole massage I'd be tempted to go back again.


