Thread Title: Geena,  - Thai Mesmerise, Mosman - 9960 7447
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th July 2016, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Geena,  - Thai Mesmerise, Mosman - 9960 7447
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Geena
Establishment : Thai Mesmerise 
Date of Visit : 29 July, 2016 
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9960 7447, 50 Spit Rd, Mosman, 
Hours of Business : 10-10
Rates :   $40 for 30 mins, +$60 tip
Age :   29
Size/shape : Medium, largish build for Thai, natural b/c cup
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai Isan
Services Provided : FBM, B2B
Value for money/WIR Not for me, better value elsewhere

Comments:
Having just finished a great session at 521 Mil Rd up the street, I remembered the Cracker advert  I saw for a new Thai FBM shop promising girls "who were open minded".  Walked over and up the stairs, where the sign just outside the door had prices for FBM oil massage $40 for 30 mins, but also saying "Therapeutic" in the banner. Walked in and told the receptionist that I would take the 30 minute option. She asked for $55. I said the sign says $40. She replies that price was for Thai massage. I said no,  come look, it's quite clear. She said OK, and this bait and switch crap put me off, even though it was relatively small beer. 

Anyway, the place is new, walls ¾ to ceiling with lockable doors, clean and well maintained (it's Mosman and there's competition). I stripped (no silly shorts required) and draped a towel  and in walked Geena. She was wearing a little black dress with tights underneath, and showed a nice rack of cleavage.  She's 29, largish for a Thai and did a good FBM, saying it was her first day there. She had soon pulled the towel off me, but no TT prior to the flip. The dress, the ad and since she did not seem to be shy, so I was still pretty confident about some kind of round 2 in the afternoon here. 

On turning over, she saw I was enthused, and soon came to the offer. She wanted $70 for nude (yeah, Mosman). I said that was FS prices, but she said she doesn't, has her period and so she next offered $60. I made sure this was B2B, with her on the table. What followed was a pretty ordinary B2B session. Her boobs were nice, but the panties stayed on. She made some nice sexy faces, a little bit of the right noises, and got the hot towel for the clean up at the end. She put the LBD back on and looked pretty good and remained friendly.  
Nonetheless, compared to my session an hour earlier at 521, I was disappointed and don't plan to return unless I read better reviews of this new place later.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th July 2016, 09:47 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this in the little arcade and then up the stairs? I have been here a few times and have never had the "offer" - it must have changed hands as it has always been legit massage only.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st August 2016, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PD-
This one is at 101/50 Spit Rd (arcade and up stairs)- could well have changed hands...web site uses "XXX" in some content...(?), talks about using the back door, open minded girls, etc. and the Cracker ad says "new opening" (but same name...). Go figure.
Another Thai shop (Siam Orchid) between 3 and 50 Spit Rd is at 14 Spit Rd which is also upstairs and definitely a therapy shop.

Anyway, I'll be supporting 521 when next in Mosman (see my other post same day). Good luck.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th September 2016, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: yampy
Post Title: 
 Thai Mesmerise - Mosman NSW -  9960 7447
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : No idea..  

Establishment : Thai Mesmerise, Level 1/50-52 Spit Road Mosman

Date of Visit : 4/09/2016
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9960 7447, Level 1/50-52 Spit Road Mosman Thai Mesmerise Massage - Home

Hours of Business : 10am till 10

Rates : $65 an hour

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not Sure

My experience/comments :

So I drive past this place all the time and wondered what it was like..  I noticed the other day that they had new signage, checked out the website and it says they do health care rebate..  I thought I'd have a punt and see how it was..

Called up and confirmed they do health care refund and I needed to bring my card.  Checked if they had a shower and was told it was being installed..  So shot home and had a shower then rocked up for my appointment..

The room was new and clean but it looked like there was a lot of refurbishment going on in the joint..  The bed had a full length mirror on the wall running the length of the bed and probably the best massage mirror location I've seen.  The girl who massaged me gave a professional massage, she kept the crown jewels covered with a towel and only the very slightest flick of the end of my cock on a couple of occasions that could easily have passed for an accident..  I was enjoying the massage and had no hope of extras..

So the massage finishes and she asks if I want a hand job..  I'm shocked, so I say yes..  She asked for $50, I laughed and said I always pay $20, she came down to $30 and wasn't budging to my $20..  I met her half way at $25..  So she removed the towel and oiled up my balls, after a bit of play and massage she started the HJ  While it wasn't the best it was adequate enough to make me spray all over the bed.  She had positioned herself next to me so I couldn't reach much..

Then the annoying bit..  I walked into reception with my private health card to get a receipt and was told they didn't do it..  I queried and said I called up and confirmed, I was told the manager had left, they tried calling her but no response..  They said they were new owners and no longer offered that service..  I also noticed the menu had been covered up and they only offered oil massage.. 

Use the website for contact details only

I think this could be one to try again in a few months and see how it's bedded in..  If nothing else it could be a good place for a proper massage while still getting the top knocked off.  I'm always in search of places where I can get a decent massage and a good HJ..  I always find the older Thai or Chinese ladies are best rather than the young girls..


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th September 2016, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: yampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've just seen them advertising on backpage and they also have a new website...

http://sydney.backpage.com/BodyRubs/...-room/18911777

http://asianmassage.sydney/index.html


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th September 2016, 06:46 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: 
 Thai Mesmerise
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hanna

Establishment : Thai Mesmerise

Date of Visit : Sept 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9960 7447, 50 Spit Rd, Mosman

Hours of Business : Web says 11am to 8pm - call if you want earlier

Rates : $45, 55, 65 + 50 nude 80 B2B

Age : 30

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, b2b, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

I haven't been here for a while and in fact used to come here as they did genuine, fairly hard and decent massages in curtained areas with massive Thai style bed/tables. Not any more.
As I was walking up the stairs there was a cute arse barely covered by a band of cloth (misnamed as a skirt) staring me down. I should have taken the hint. Once inside I find that all of the original curtained beds have been ripped out in favour of some walled rooms and tiny shower cubicles. Ok this place is just a straight rnt now but I am here so I'll stay.
I paid 55 for 45mins and was shown into a room by Hanna, a short, cute Thai girl with no tits - I should have asked for the micro skirted girl!
Hanna proceeded to rub oil into my back and legs for the next 30mins. There was no touching of anything or anywhere that was remotely exciting and it couldn't even be described as massage - think being a straight guy at the beach and another straight bloke puts suntan lotion on your back - it was about that erotic. I was actually bored shitless. Anyway at the 30min point Hanna tells me we have fifteen mins left and would I like to continue the massage or have a nude hj for 50 or B2B for 80. She had no body to speak of so I just took the 50 dollar option. She undressed and then proceeded to rub oil into my arse with the same passionate abandon that she displayed prior to being naked. Please turn over - hmmm no sign of life downstairs. She then oils up the little guy and whilst rubbing my balls offers me her nipples to suck on. They were the redeeming feature of the whole session and with me holding her arse and sucking her nipples and thinking I am in with a chance now that Ange and Brad are divorcing I manage to get over the line.
Quick shower and out - at least I wasn't short changed on time and to be honest Hanna's finale was actually quite good.

This place is now just a straight rnt joint with no pretense of anything else and given that little miss micro skirt looked like she just flew in from Nana Plaza there is probably more on offer - although the walls stop short of the roof so maybe just hj's. I probably won't return even to try someone else as there are 3 better places within walking distance. In fact the old duck up the road at Micro Healthy was better - review to follow.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th September 2016, 04:22 PM
Poster ID: fit69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am pretty sure (could be wrong ofc)  that this is the same people and these are some of the same girls that work on Albany massage St leonards.  A few things I've seen point this out.
If this is the case, the girls won't go beyond HJ, will ask for a lot of cash for basic Rnt services/extras for a very standard experience which is a hit and miss 55+% of the time.    I used to go to Albany massage until it became like this. 
 I think the reason is that there are always 1-3 girls that have been there for a while and never do a good service and the rest are all very new which u all know means unexperienced but sometimes they try to impress.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 5th October 2016, 05:42 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds exactly like what I received! Some of these rnt places are a chain of stores like bunnings by the look of things.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 21st May 2017, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: accounts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Establishment : Thai Mesmerise

Date of Visit : 20/5/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph. 9660 7447 / 101/50 Spit Rd, Mosman

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $70 1hr + extras

Age : late 40's

Size/shape : solid 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Nope 

My experience/comments : Was feeling toey and got sucked in by their ad on Cracker. Should really have not gone, but instead I ended up  TOFTT. If the ad is to be believed, there are smart stunning girls that are keen on B2B and new management. Instead there were two non-English speaking older women at the desk. They took $70 from me for the hour and one showed me to a room with walls that did not go all the way to the ceiling. I undressed and lay on the table waiting.

Emily came in wearing a long sleeve floral dress. She used a tiny amount of oil on each limb and on my back to the point that it was uncomfortable which didn't help with her inept massage skills. There was no feeling that she knew how to massage at all. Whilst massaging my butt, she started slipping fingers down my crack and then hello! she pushed really firmly into my perineum where I could feel it in my prostate. Maybe the part two was going to be good.

Before flip over, she cleaned up the non-existent oil from my back with hot towels. When I was laying on my back, she removed the towel and started massaging up my legs and brushing my tackle. Upon switching to the leg, she gestured HJ and whispered "body to body?" I asked "how much?" Emily "$70." I laughed out loud and said "Too much!" Emily countered "$50." I shook my head and pulled the towel back up.

Emily continued with rubbing my legs and then the doorbell rang and she excused herself and left the room. When she returned a few minutes later, she started rubbing my arm and then whispered "$30". I nodded okay and she kept saying "Thank you! Thank you!" Laying on my back with her standing by the side of the table, she commenced an experienced HJ alternating between two hands on the shaft then one hand, with the other teasing my puckered hole. The alternating pace gradually quickened and so did the pressure on my hole until I shot a load that past my head. Wow, what a release.

There was a lot of fussy clean up with tissues, wipes and hot towels before she finished off with rubbing my head and temples. After getting dressed I asked where the toilet was and she walked me out to the front desk but wouldn't answer me until I gave her $30. They were outside the shop door, which was maybe why she didn't tell me until I paid her.

As this shop seems to be owned by Sunny at North Sydney and have shops all over the place including the new one at Ashfield, it is surprising that the staff are nothing like advertised and nowhere near the quality of the other shops. I'll say that I'll never return, but I've learnt to never say never.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 8th February 2020, 10:15 AM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Thai Mesmerise

Date of Visit : 7/1/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph. 9660 7447 / 101/50 Spit Rd, Mosman

Hours of Business : 10 to 10

Rates : $65 45 minutes + extras

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : slim, very cute, c cups, innocent...

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, daty, light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : definitely

Rarely in Mosman but opportunity yesturday to try something different. Greeted by Coco and shown to back room, partitions almost to ceiling and very quite, too wet for anyone else so had place to our selves.
Nice relaxed massage then some tackle tickle before suggesting she removes her clothes, no hesitation, some light kissing, fondling and kissing the cute puppies before lying her down and slowly moving to Daty.
Very pleasant working away  with her juices flowing before she clutched my head between her legs as she came and came...
Gave her a breather with some nice fondling & kissing as she played with my old fella.
Coco was clearly in a good space and I couldn't help but move back down for some more early lunch on her sweat tasting juices, another shuddering orgasm before switching places for a nice slow HJ to brink me to completion.
A very cute girls and certainly ticking all my boxes.
Coco works here Friday/Saturday..other days somewhere near Chatswood station...
Tipped her $70, she had not asked for anything up front.
Treat her well and enjoy.

JB1


