Thread Title: Golden Tree Massage - chatswood - 02 9415 2193
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th November 2018, 11:01 AM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: 
 Golden Tree Massage - chatswood - 02 9415 2193
				
Post Content: 
Default:  Fon garaunteed more than Fun Dee for me )

Person's Name : Fon

Establishment : Golden Tree Massage

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Shop 102, 430 Victoria Ave Chatswood NSW 2067
Phone:02 9415 2193
Mobile:0420 852 193
Email:info@goldentreethaimassage.com.au


Hours of Business : 10:00AM - 10:00PM (7 Days

Rates : 1.5 hours /$95 . Grand Oil Massage 

Age : 30's?

Size/shape : size 5-6 Uber petite  short, beautiful , A, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : massage, and 'accidental' HE 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes very good massage great shop 

My experience/comments:

Have been over this year two Golden Tree ( Chatswood 4-5 times. While located up near the T-Station and with bold illuminated signage declaring I'm legit; It's ticked a little out of the way .

Up flights of stairs and greeted , by sweet smiling , cute this woman , environs if you've not been are well appointed highly coloured and decorative in a Thai nth shore melange. 

It's clean it smells sweet and you are soothed. It's also large and spacious. Given a tea and ask if Fon , A's I'm a walk in. Yes. WIt 15 mins.

I'd seen Fon on my last visit and for her size ( tiny) weight , feather light , Ive never experienced such an exquisite pain induced post Gym euphoria . Ouch !!! Wonderful technique and skilled is Fon and had been able to stretch pummel and apply deep release on thigh knots. 

We also got on well and she was funny , good at talking and a little cheeky .. how cheeky was the Q?

First visit  strictly legit... though her inner thigh and ass kneading gave me a serious hard on made obvious to her , as she lifts and stretched your legs. 

Could only smile and murmur , to her enquiry , are you feeling relaxed , was a contented yes ..  , though for all intensive , it's a legit ship and part of a chain of 5 spread around Sydney. 

Tonight  it's close to 8pm. I'm likely her last booking and I'm expecting she's tired .

Here she comes , led to the room , large set up for couples .

Lights dimmed , music on nothing intrusive 

Don is vivacious and cheeky. Though admits she's tired . Some  talk generally and mention 'd seen her before , been here 3 times prior blah  and then discuss what I need l:expect . I say I'm needing a lot of thigh and glute work,  please Fon. 

OK 

Then follows a great technical deep massage - wow - just like last and I'm writhing  in pain/ pleasure as she deftly works me from foot head and back again.

Then she's really in my thighs and ass hard pressure that lightens , legs are spread and I'm still on my stomach towel on one leg only , enough to tell me we are still in Disney land , but Fons pressure eases, still firm and she's working my inner thigh . Tendons up to my ass and into my perineum, I'm struggling to stop myself from blurting our can you do prostrate .. well it's a known and approved legit massage tech.. isn't it .. I don't 

Fon continues with only one or two accidental ball cock touches and sweeps her hands along  my belly and fingers dig in deep, into hip flexors and abductors. That puts  my ass in the air,  my voice pitched high and gives Fon a little more ease to continue the therapy 

By this point I'm seriously hard and  she's back into my inner thighs and ass. If she can't see and given she's on the table between my legs ... 

It's been at least 45 mins into the massage 
I'm building up to cum , a shameful guilty and pleasurable release .im feeling it and my hips are been rocked by fons hands,  as she still is massaging my inner thigh and ass . 

I cum , my whole body stiffens and I'm a little giddy , fon pauses a briefest moment fingers quiet and soft, 

you must feel more relaxed now a laugh . I lay fully on the table and Fon continues 

Rest of the time is spent blissed out , and on the flip I'm hard again , though her massage is no where near as pnayful , though she is still deep into my inner thigh, though very careful to not accidentally touch 

Times up - I tip $20 a smile and say I'm to Return. 

Don't know if any of you gents , have had similar pleasurable moments , but it's become a pleasure of mine to receive theseBenby Hill style HE's


