Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th March 2019, 09:06 PM
Poster ID: GreekSeekingMissile
Post Title: 
 Hornsby Chinese Relax Massage- 4/21 Hunter Street - 0414 080 609
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : unknown, but the only person there

Establishment : Hornsby Chinese Relax Massage

Date of Visit : January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/21 hunter street, hornsby

Phone : 0414 080 609

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm(?)

Rates : 40 / half hour, $20 h.j. 

Age : >40

Size/shape : short and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : rub and tug

Value for money/recommend? : not for me

My experience/comments : 

I realise this may not be a complying review because I've forgotten the ML's name but this place seems new and there are no reviews yet (not that I can see anyway) so I thought it may still be worth reporting on it.

I was up north for some work and was around westfield after the meetings and noticed the signage for this place out on the footpath. They are inside an office building up a flight of stairs but its quiet so its a pretty discreet entry. The place seems like it may have been a clinic of some kind in the past. I was greeted by a slim older lady (40s or more) and asked her if they can do a health fund rebate? she didn't understand until i showed her the card and then said no. i had nothing else to do so decided to try a short massage anyway. into the room, clothes off, and onto the table. she started with some massage and after she started i asked for light touch but i don't think she understood i was asking for a tease. i let her continue massaging away on my back with the oil, eventually she went to get a rag to clean it off. then the flip and with no tease to build me up she popped the question of extras. she didn't have me in the mood for the $50 nude hj so I asked for a $20 clothed hj instead to which she was reluctant but eventually agreed. she went fast and it didn't take long before it was time for cleanup again. this place has no shower so cleanup is with thier rags and tissues. on the way out she told me that other young girls work other days but i ducked my head in again a different day of the week and it was just her again.

next time i'm up in hornsby and in the mood for r'n't i'll try the hornsby siam thai massage or pink door, both sound good from reviews here.


