Thread Title: In search of that 'perfect' rub'n'tug
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th October 2013, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: 
 In search of that 'perfect' rub'n'tug
				
Post Content: 
Regular AXR visitors will know that I'm a fan of a great rubn'tug, with the "great" applying to both sides of the equation.

And as we all know, such experiences and practitioners are few and far between. Those few include my all-times and now-long-gone favourites such as Natalie from Tiandi and Selena from 6A Neridah (both at Chatswood), plus the now-returned-but-less-active Jenny from Penshurst St, Willoughby.

In each case they offered an absolutely great massage that was both therapeutic and relaxing – not some pointless too-soft rub-stroke-rub routine – with some hints of the fun to come, and then this first-class rub segued into a first-class tug by a lady who knew her art, performed it with great enthusiasm and eros (including smiles and eye contact) and in some cases could go further for added raunch.

That's the service which kept me and other punters coming back, and it helped that their facilities were generally pretty decent too.

But I've been unable to find similar service around Sydney's north shore. It seems that too many places do an average rub and tug, or there's an imbalance towards one side of the equation.

And it may stroke some people as odd that I'm even including places where the session pretty much morphs into FS or the next best thing, because sometimes I don't want that – sometimes I just want a great rub and a great tug – I can go further if the mood takes me and the lady appeals, but sometimes I set out for a massage deliberately not wanting the full-on raunch, especially if that comes at the expense of a really good relaxing massage.

So, are any punters able to recommend places and ladies to try – ideally on Sydney's lower north shore – where I might find a new Natalie, a new Selena or a new Jenny?

FB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th October 2013, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah Flyboy, you've been missing in action for too long . Just joking!

As you know, our tastes are very similar and to some extent, much of what you say is true. However I still regularly get great rubs(+) at a variety of places - very often still at the old haunts.

Given my understanding of the new forum arrangements, I presume it's safe to list places and names on this particular Massage sub-forum thread (?). If not, AdminXXX will cut my dick off! 

Looking at this year's tab sheet, great massage may be had at the following places. Some names are included only for historical significance since girls come and go and individual service varies depending on the mood of the day. Some girls provide more on request - some much more with regular visits(!) - but the higher the raunch level, obviously less time for good massage. Some old haunts have dropped off my dance card... just found them a bit boring - probably for the same reasons you outlined in the OP. A couple of places provide a legit health fund receipt which helps defray costs!

3 Denley (Yuko); 2/769 (several); 221/1 Katherine (Chloe, Lucy); 108 Penshurst (Emily); Vital (Anne, Kit); 102/12 Thomas (several); Shop 3 Lindfield Station (PM me for a detail here); etc........ 

For Thai style places (nude default, often with +), Vicky has become a legend at Serenity, Harmony and 346 Lindfield (several others); 390 Lindfield (several); 104a Hampton (several).

And these are just some of my experiences this year. I don't review every massage punt for various reasons - usually just because it becomes repetitive, but some times to protect the innocent! (and the innocent may be me!!!)

Without suggesting Flyboy suck eggs (he taught half of us all we know!) we shouldn't under-estimate the value in seeing a girl regularly to 'train' her in what works for you. In particular this has worked for me with Anne at Vital who now, for massage and a good tug is hard to beat - for me... but no raunch. I see her regularly for a great therapeutic massage and a nice release. (Just wish I could get her kit off though!!!!!!)

Research is the key for me... trying new places, new ladies, and the truism is experience pays. Very often for massage, the older the lady the better the rub... and because they've been in the business for years, they invariably know intuitively how to apply the right level and value of extras.

Now........ FS?............


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th October 2013, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: Brad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Flyboy, if you don't mind travelling to Hornsby I recommend Jenny.  $80 1 hr R&T only.  Very good massage. http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f116/j...75-888-a-3223/


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tough on the lower nth shore if you ask me.

Very hit and miss east of the bridge in Cremorne/NB/mossman. Pick might be Pure Massage, I've never been but I've heard a few of the girls (Boom) from Photara Thai in the city work there and offer extra services. Pure massage seems to be expensive tho.

IMO you can go past Photara in the city. Massages are up there with the best, only let down is the clothing, I've never been able to get them to nude up.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's a funny thing, I am not really into Thai women or Thai WLs/massage ladies. Don't ask me why, it mystifies me - as a guy who LOVES Asian women, it is most peculiar!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 11:36 AM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was the same brother. Love the Asians but for some reason the thai girls just didn't do it for me, something about a forced thai smile that they always seem to give you. 

Having said that. I seem to have been cured. A session at Cremorne Orchid Thai and then Serenity in crows nest has done the job!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 02:24 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Flyboy


Regular AXR visitors will know that I'm a fan of a great rubn'tug, with the "great" applying to both sides of the equation.

And as we all know, such experiences and practitioners are few and far between. Those few include my all-times and now-long-gone favourites such as Natalie from Tiandi and Selena from 6A Neridah (both at Chatswood), plus the now-returned-but-less-active Jenny from Penshurst St, Willoughby.

In each case they offered an absolutely great massage that was both therapeutic and relaxing – not some pointless too-soft rub-stroke-rub routine – with some hints of the fun to come, and then this first-class rub segued into a first-class tug by a lady who knew her art, performed it with great enthusiasm and eros (including smiles and eye contact) and in some cases could go further for added raunch.

That's the service which kept me and other punters coming back, and it helped that their facilities were generally pretty decent too.

But I've been unable to find similar service around Sydney's north shore. It seems that too many places do an average rub and tug, or there's an imbalance towards one side of the equation.

And it may stroke some people as odd that I'm even including places where the session pretty much morphs into FS or the next best thing, because sometimes I don't want that – sometimes I just want a great rub and a great tug – I can go further if the mood takes me and the lady appeals, but sometimes I set out for a massage deliberately not wanting the full-on raunch, especially if that comes at the expense of a really good relaxing massage.

So, are any punters able to recommend places and ladies to try – ideally on Sydney's lower north shore – where I might find a new Natalie, a new Selena or a new Jenny?

F
"""




In search of that 'perfect' rub'n'tug



a very simple answer from me: Have you tried Mimi (MILF with 36 E Cups) from 252B Parramatta Road Stanmore ?


Cheers


May be this will help:




Now that some of the members had accqired their new status in the forum, perhaps a fresh start is in order or a general reminder on how good is Mimi's services. 

So let's concentrate back on the lady master and let Mimi continue to provide the sensational magics that only she can:







 Originally Posted by Iloveasian


After reading the review by brother Ahlungor I just had to see Mimi. I saw her for 2 hours on Monday. Fucking amazing skills with her hands, Ahlungor you are spot on. She is so sensual and intuitive, she seems to know what you like. I was in heaven!!...and her other services were also very good  I will definitely being seeing Mimi again!








 Originally Posted by yellow_fever


Just joined and wanted to say thanks to brother ahlungor for writing up that review, I read it a couple months back and went for a session with mimi and wasn't disappointed!  Ive been back a couple times since and the sessions keep getting better all the time......

thanks all!








 Originally Posted by sexercisor2230


I have never had a better massage than what Mimi gives








 Originally Posted by old fat man


I had planned to go to Stanmore, then read the review about someone being lied to about who was working and alleged poor service for caucs, and started to have doubts. Travelled to sydney on Saturday and could not stop thinking about Mimi and the review written by Ahlungor and then there I was at the back door of 252b. I rang the bell and the door was promptly answered by a very attractive busty woman. I apologised for not making a booking and asked if anyone was available to massage me. She told me she was available and asked for how long I asked for 1 hour. She quickly ushered me into the first room and I introduced myself and asked her name she replied Mimi. I told her I thought this was my lucky day as I had heard of her in this forum. She stated it was my lucky day as she was not busy today. She then proceeded to give me one of the most sensual experiences of my entire life, giving the best massage experience and part 2 was heaven. Mimi is just amazing. She asked me if I would recommend her to my friends and if I would return. my answer was a resounding yes and all doubt about stanmore has gone. Thank you Ahlungor the old man whore in me now wants to also try some of these other girls you have talked about.








 Originally Posted by massageboy


MB got his easter eggs early when I went to see Mimi today. Generally I am not a breast man and am quite happy with A cups most of the time. However, Mimi's breasts are a work of nature and a beauty to behold. I spend lots of my alloted time either sucking on her beautiful melons or just playing with them. Of course, there was lots of other stuff happening. Mimi actually does an excellent straight massage as well as the other stuff. She has been on a mission to get me to come twice in one hour and amazingly today, for the first time in a long while, I achieved this!








 Originally Posted by Boney


Well it is all true what they say about Mimi, I couldn't wait to get 50 posts to read Ahlungar's full review so went to see for myself what all the fuss was about. Turned up there on Sunday and spent a very pleasant hour with Mimi, I feel inspired to brush up on my  Japanese.

Domo Arigato Gozaimashta Ahlungorsan








 Originally Posted by nfury


Went and saw Mimi of Sunday after reading so much about her on here.  What can I say other than WOW.

Her Part 1 massage was great for me.  Deep firm enough but not too firm.  Her Part 2 was amazing.  She is sensational.








 Originally Posted by cato


Hey Icegel,

Mimi would be in her early 30's, of average height. She has a slim, but firm and fit body. Her best asset is her amazing DD rack. They look so big and firm you might think they are fake, but they are all natural. Her massage and nude HJ is great.

Go back a few pages in this thread and read more of her reviews. Go and see her, I will be very surprised if you don't thoroughly enjoy yourself...








 Originally Posted by naturalism


This is a review about Mimi, but I cannot help but mention Coco! Coco answered the doorbell when I arrived. My first time meeting Coco. The warmest and most welcoming greeting I've ever had at any shop. Immediately made me feel at ease. Had a nice chitty chat with her and I shook her hand and thanked her for being so welcoming (thinking back, why did I shake her hand..  what a halfwit I am... should have given her a hug).

Got pointed to the room. I got the first room. Sat patiently waiting for Mimi to appear. Couple of minutes later she popped in.. wearing a white nurse-like uniform which made her massive tits stand out like a beautiful feature wall in a nice bathroom. At this point, I was thinking to myself, "alright! this is going to be good!". To be honest, I am not sure how old she is. She is not young, but she is not old either. Maybe 30? Mimi invited me to take a shower, and walked me to the shower room, and she closed the door behind me.

Part 1: 8/10 not the firmest that I've had, but she has a great technique. Unhurried, she focused on my lower back and buttocks a lot as I told her I am sore as crap in those spots. She also had this technique where she runs her fingers in a semi arch like motion from my spine and along my ribcage to the sideribs.. I got a bit ticklish but did my best to not giggle.

Part 2: 9.5/10 whatever else good has been said in this thread, folks believe it!! I ended up a very very happy little vegemite. The B2B was so intense and she did not hold back. I felt like my body was being put through a bread rolling machine, with Mimi's lovely naked body being the rollers. Without going into all the details, my other highlights were when she was playing with my little fella and she turned her head to me with her eyes closed looking like she was in nirvana, and also she delayed and delayed playing with my little fella. She massaged and played with my inner thighs, groin area, stomache, etc for ages. I love that! Love it when a lady delays going for the jugular.








 Originally Posted by spike


Thanks Alungor for providing me with the correct phone number, I managed to book Mimi and sure enough my experience was similar to his...

Her boobies are great, so is her service - she tries very hard to please

Enjoy!








 Originally Posted by itlobis


Hi all, I been to to seen Mimi a few times now and she never fails me - excellent massage, especially with the elbow on my back and even my feet when I ask her. Her customer service skills a number one. part 2, as all now know are out of this world - I will be back especially for the pm, just love it.








 Originally Posted by BunnyHunter


Hi guys, newbie is here! 

......Well, I have to wait for Mimi because I need a good and hard massage for my body. About almost 10mins after my friend went in with Miranda, finally Mimi came out. 
Actually her look wasn't my type but I needed her superb massage. Boy, she always wearing that towel out from the room then change with pink uniform dress, doesn't she? hahaha..

We have only a bit chit chat coz language barrier. I asked a hard massage then I got one. Really nice although not as hard as i thought would be but i still like it. Probably she was tired, I could tell from the breathe so I didn't want to bother her to have another conversation with me. I just enjoyed that part 1.

Than came part 2. I experienced few B2B before but this is one of the best i ever had. Those boobs pressed against my back, neck, bum to legs along with her lips gave me more sensations...and boy, she liked my sexy bums lol. These two of my hands and my mouth explored anything anywhere. I couldn't describe more details but sure is a reason why this tread called Sensational Mimi, master of erotic skills and now i know it hehehe.

Body 7/10 (thanks to those twins)
Skills 9/10 (Awesome...just awesome. I wish I had 2 hours of a pure massage with her would be a great session!)
Will be back for sure 









 Originally Posted by tonyphil55


Went to see Mimi on wednessday. What a fantastic girl, extremely friendly and perfect part 1 massage. Part 2 was udescribably good and her body is to die for. her face is inviting and oozes sex appeal. Will definately go back for more. Thanks to Ahlungor for the great recommendation.

.....went today for my third session with Mimi. Every time you see her she just seems to get even better. Only word needed to describe part 2 is WOW !








 Originally Posted by River


Had to go see Mimi after Ahlunor's excellent review. She was not a disappointment. Her part 1 massage was good. Not too firm like really professional girls.  He was just right. Her part 2 was completely unrushed. She was happy o take time and let it build, almost tantra like massage technique.








 Originally Posted by slarty


Here's my brief review of Mimi from my visit last weekend (apologies if I am repeating some details). Mimi is of Japanese/Chinese decent so can speak Japanese and Chinese (mandarin and shanghaiese). English is limited but ok. Age probably in her 30s, nice figure, D cup ball.

Mimi does a good massage (at least I think it was good, all I can remember is the part 2). Nice girl and street smart, took the time to ask what I liked. Part 2 was unhurried and excellent build up. One of the better punts I have had this year. 

Cheers



There you go, absolutely Nothing from Me !! just the collective voices from the men on the street and many of them foundation and senior members !!


:love:


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 03:33 PM
Poster ID: grey6617
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I can second Hard's suggestion of Jenny at Hornsby. The massage is top class, however part 2 whilst adequate is not that sensual. I agree that you need to strike a balance between the two and that the Thai B2B whilst sensual and good value are not always the best or in the same class as a Chinese massage. If you want to venture to the city then I suggest Eva at Lily massage in George st who has a great massage and Tug. Otherwise I am keen to try Candy at York st who has good reviews.


