Thread Title: Jessie - Northern Remedial Massage, Middle Cove - 0431 054 810
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th October 2017, 10:46 PM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: 
 Jessie - Northern Remedial Massage, Middle Cove - 0431 054 810
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

 Establishment : Northern  Remedial Massage, Middle Cove

 Date of Visit : Friday 27 October, 2017

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 163 Eastern Valley Way: Telephone 0431 054 810: Website - none found: Gumtree advertisement https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/midd...age/1162399757

 Hours of Business : 10am-7pm, 7 days

 Rates : $40 / 30 mins, $70 / 60 mins, plus $20 for clothed HJ

 Age : Probably 40s

 Size/shape : Petite, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (I think)

 Services Provided : Traditional Chinese acupressure massage and HJ

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes. Jessie gave an excellent slow HJ with prolonged post-orgasm torture, followed by a very firm therapeutic acupressure massage, the best of both worlds.

My experience/comments:

I noticed the ad for this place on Gumtree, and resolved to try it out, since it appeared to be very new, and the wording suggested that it might be an R&T.  I rang up and made an appointment for 2 PM that same day.  It was not all that far from where I now live to Middle Cove, and took me under 30 minutes to get there just at the appointed time.

The place is in a small cluster of shops on Eastern Valley, and has a very large sign on the footpath in front of it, proclaiming "Northern Remedial and Therapeutic Massage", obviously designed to be highly visible to passing traffic and possible to give the impression of a legitimate place.  The entrance is from the street, not particularly discreet, which may be one reason for adopting a highly visible exterior, rather than trying giving an impression of furtiveness.

I rang the bell, and after a couple of minutes the mamasan came to the door and admitted me.  She asked me to take a seat and wait, and when I told her that I had come for my 2 PM appointment, she looked taken aback.  I suspected the worst; someone else had come before me, and the mamasan, thinking I was not going to show up, had given him my time slot.  But there was nothing for it but to wait, so I took a seat, for what I was told would be 5 minutes but turned out to be more like 15.  Eventually Jessie came out and took me to her room.

In the room she asked how long I wanted to stay; I chose the one-hour option and gave her two 50s.  When she returned with the change I was standing naked for her enjoyment, which elicited a quizzical look from her.  My initial fear that this might be a legitimate place had in the meantime been dispelled by the small sign on the wall saying "no sex". I asked Jessie if she would massage my penis at the beginning of the massage while I stood; she did not demur and told me that would be $20, unless I wanted her to "take off".  I chose the clothed option, since she did not appear to have a particularly sexy body (although her face was quite nice), and in any case I usually prefer the lady massaging my penis to be clothed as it adds to the feeling of being ravished by the sort of woman one might meet in the street.

Jessie positioned me next to the door, which had a mirror, and stood facing me, so that we could see ourselves; then she took hold of my penis and began to massage it softly and slowly, initially without oil.  This went on for a good five minutes or so, at which point I asked her to use oil; although the dry massage was quite enjoyable, it was not going to get me over the line.  Once Jessie had oiled up my penis, the massage became a lot more sensual; she was using a continuous rhythmic stroke that came up over my glans, making it very sensitive and intensifying the sensation.  It was clear that she was well-practised in the art of penis massage.  This went on for quite some time, a good 10 minutes, with the build-up to orgasm being prolonged; I tried my best to relax and hold back for as long as possible, but eventually my resistance crumbled and I exploded.

Now came something unexpected; Jessie did not falter in her stroke, but continued the rhythmic movement over my glans, which was now very sensitive. The sensation was absolutely exquisite, although almost unbearable.  I expected that Jessie, like most masseuses, would continue the post-orgasm massage of my glans for only a few seconds, but to my surprise, and delight, she kept right on going, for what seemed an eternity.  My glans became so sensitive that part of me wanted her to stop, while another part of me wanted her to keep on going until I fainted.  I have always enjoyed post-orgasm torture, and this was the best I experienced in a very long time.

But all good things must come to an end, and after about five minutes Jessie ceased the massage of my penis.  Now the nature of the massage changed completely, from sensual to purely therapeutic.  After I lay down on the table, Jessie covered my entire body with a towel and began a traditional Chinese acupressure massage, both back and front.  Although totally unerotic, this sort of massage was actually quite relaxing; I felt very sleepy, and contrary to my usual practice I did not ask Jessie to massage my penis a second time.

The hour came to an end; I got dressed and paid Jessie her $20, for which she expressed warm gratitude, and then I was on my way.  I certainly intend to try to see Jessie again; I envisage encouraging her to prolong the post-orgasm torture even more, perhaps to the point where it blends into a second HJ.  Perhaps I am dreaming, but it would be nice to try!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st October 2017, 11:38 AM
Poster ID: robertoverdi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Paunchy
I am enjoying your R&T adventures on the North Shore, there appears to be new shops opening monthly. I am about to venture into a new shop at Beecroft this week review to come. RV


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th November 2017, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: yampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : JoJo (Thursdays Only)

Establishment : Northern Remedial Massage, Middle Cove

Date of Visit : Thursday 9th November, 2017 @4:30pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 163 Eastern Valley Way: Telephone 0431 054 810: Website - none found: Gumtree advertisement.https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/midd...age/1162399757

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm, 7 days

Rates : $40 / 30 mins, $70 / 60 mins, plus $20 for clothed.HJ, $50 for nude HJ

Age : mid-late 40s

Size/shape : hard to describe.. Solid muscle, slightly slim but a bit of a belly that made her look fatter

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Backrub massage and.HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not sure..  probably give the place ago again but different girl.

My experience/comments:

After reading the above post today I thought I’d give this place a shot as my back was a bit sore after sitting at my desk all week.

Gave them a call and made an appointment for 4:30.  Place is easy to find and they have parking and a back entrance if needed (only found this on exiting).

So I rocked up at 4:20 and rang the bell, busy road, cars queued up and they took what felt like ages to answer the door.  So Jojo answered the door and all I saw was high heels, short skirt and a very low cut top - I knew straight away I wasn’t in for the best massage..  Jojo ushered me back and a lady dressed in black looking like a professional masseuse appeared and asked if I called to make a booking - my saving grace I thought, but not to be, I was guided into a room with Jojo.  So I paid for my massage and Jojo left the room while I undressed.

Jojo came back in and says, ooo sexy body, it was going down hill..  Massage started and while Jojo has a lot of strength in her hands she lacked the technique of a trained masseuse.  She did long strokes but noting to get any knots or aches out..  It wasn’t unpleasant but it wasn’t captivating

So the massage continued and she massaged my legs with the odd flick on the end of my knob..  Then she cleaned me off with a hot towel.  She came back into the room and muttered something to me - I’m partly deaf and she spoke broken English and I think I just said yeah..  So she dove in and starts playing with my asshole and balls, she pushed my knob under my stomach and started the reach around with the other hand (all with no oil) - I started to wonder what I’d said yeah to and how much it was going to cost me…

Time for the flip, on the turn she said $50 to take everything off and give me a tit wank..  Well her titties weren’t that big and and it looked like she was wearing a pushup bra..  I declined and just asked for a HJ..  she kept offering more things, play with her pussy etc..  I asked her for a BJ and she giggled but didn’t answer..  She did give a pretty good HJ and I managed to squeeze my fingers into her knickers and she had a tight little arse and a perfectly smooth snatch, I then started thinking if she didn’t have the baby belly she would probably be a pretty good Milf..

I eventually dropped my load and she was screaming, more more keep cum keep cum.  She cleaned me up and was nice enough to clean my fingers that had been roaming around her lady hole..

She finished with a leg and head massage..

Over all, $70 for a rub and not a real massage is a bit steep..  I’m sure you could have a bit more fun with Jojo but it’s scraping the barrel and probably not some one I’ll see again..  I’ll give the place a try again and see if Jessie is working, or I might just ask if they have any professional qualified masseuses I can see.  The place doesn’t seem too busy for the time I went and the service wasn’t rushed..  This place could be a winner when I find the right girl.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th February 2018, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emmy

Establishment : Northern Remedial Massage, Middle Cove

Date of Visit : Wednesday 7 February 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 163 Eastern Valley Way: Telephone 0431 054 810: Website - none found: Gumtree advertisement https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/midd...age/1162399757

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm, 7 days

Rates : $40 / 30 mins, $70 / 60 mins, plus $30

Age : Probably 40s

Size/shape : Very short, solid build, reasonably large bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese presumably

Services Provided : Prolonged HJ for 30 minutes followed by strong remedial massage

Value for money/recommend? : So-so.  Emmy Jessie gave me a good prolonged standing HJ, followed by one of the best and most effective remedial massages I have had in a long time.  However, her attitude when I offered her a tip at the end really pissed me off, so I will not be seeing her again.

My experience/comments:

I had been intending to return to this place for some time since I had received such as superb HJ from Jessie the first time I visited, as described in my initial post.  I was on my way down to Cobbler's Beach, and this place was on the way, so I dropped in late in the morning.  This time I went to the more discreet back door, buzzed, and was admitted by a very short chunky woman who turned out to be Emmy.  Without further ado she took me straight into the same massage room as last time, and left me to get undressed.

The first thing I noticed was that the small sign on the wall stating "no sex" had been replaced by a much large one stating "No sexual services of any kind are offered here. Please do not embarrass our staff by asking". Had this place gone legit, or was it just the usual disclaimer?  Anyway, I stripped off and stood naked facing the door so that the first thing Emmy would see would be my fully erect penis 9such as it is).  Emmy knocked before entering, in the manner of a legit place.  When she came in she showed no sign of surprise.  I straightaway asked her to massage my penis at the beginning while I stood, which did not seem to embarrass her in the least, so obviously she had not read the notice! (Perhaps she can't read English; her command of spoken English appeared to be very limited).

I might say at this stage that I always ask to have the HJ at the beginning, followed by the massage.  That is because at my advanced age it sometimes takes me quite some time to reach orgasm, and in my experience MLs quite often leave the HE until the last five minutes or so, with the result that I might run out of time. (I have always wondered whether some MLs do that deliberately, in the hope of making some extra money by getting the client to extend).  Furthermore, having the HJ at the beginning allows the possibility of having a second or third one in the course of the 60-minute massage, although nowadays that does not happen so often for me.

Emmy then began a quite competent HJ that turned out to be quite prolonged, lasting about 30 minutes.  She gave plenty of stimulation to the glans, which showed that she was quite experienced in this activity. All the while she made the usual insincere comments about how big my penis was, how stiff, how strong, etc etc etc, the patter we are all used to.

 At an early stage she crouched down in front of me so that my penis was pointing straight at her face; I pressed forward so that my penis touched her face and began to rub it gently against her lips. She did not draw back, but just said "no suckee".  I replied that I did not want a BJ, just for her to rub my penis over her face, which she did very willingly, all over her face while stroking it. After about five minutes she stood up again to continue the penis massage, so that was the end of that delightful interlude. I suppose she thought I was close to ejaculating and understandably did not want to get a faceful of spunk; however, the happy end did not come for at least another 20 minutes. 

I gained the impression that Emmy was a lot more experienced than Jessie; certainly she was a lot sluttier.  I am sure that in her time she has done a lot more than give handjobs.  It may well be that she is constrained by the policy of this place, which is probably penis massage by hand only.  In any case, I never want anything more than a handjob, and over all I found the one given me previously by Jessie to have been more enjoyable.

Eventually I ejaculated onto the table.  Emmy removed the paper covering and replaced it with a clean one, demonstrating an acceptable standard of hygiene.  I lay down and Emmy commenced a very strong massage of my back, buttocks and legs.  Unlike Jessie she did not cover me with a towel.  It was obvious that she was trained in remedial massage, and her technique was very competent; I could hear the knots clicking away with every stroke.  After about 20 minutes she got me to turn over, and gave a firm facial massage to finish up.

It was now time to get up and get dressed.  I got out my wallet and handed Emmy a $20 note, the same tip I had given Jessie.  To my surprise she made a rather disdainful face; she said "I give you shakee" and held up three fingers.  I gave her an additional $10 and she seemed satisfied.  I suppose I should have asked at the outset what the charge for a clothed massage would be, but I did feel rather pissed off by her attitude; after all, Jessie had told me previously that the fee was $20, which is the industry norm.  The upshot us that I will not see Emmy again, although I will try to see Jessie.

Actually, Emmy's command of English is rather limited, and it was sometimes difficult to understand her; for example, at this point she said something that sounded like "walking now".  At first I was mystified; was she asking whether I was going to walk home?  Then she said "walking now and weekends", and the penny dropped; she was telling me her working hours.

After I had dressed Emmy came back in bringing another lady with her, who was actually very attractive, with a beautiful face and a nice figure.  She introduced this lady as Rose, and said that she did a very good massage.  I presume Rose is the mamasan, and I was wondering why Emmy was making a point of introducing me.  In any case, as I said Rose is physically quite attractive, so I said that next time I come I will book an appointment with her.

On the way back from the beach, I made a point of dropping in at the North Shore Oriental Health Center (sic!) at suite 6 108 Penshurst Street in Willoughby, just to suss it out.  It is totally screened off from the outside and one needs to be buzzed in, but inside it looks a lot more legit with products for sale and other decorations that one finds in legit places.  I spoke to the woman in charge and was given a card and information about opening times and prices, and told that I would have to make an appointment since they got very busy.  I had read the thread on this place which stated that handjobs were on offer, but the last posts were from a couple of years ago, so I was left wondering whether this place a since gone legit, as sometimes happens, eg there was an ATMS sign on the door.  On the other hand, I was specifically told that it was cash only, which suggests that the place is not entirely legit.  In any case I will give it a try some time.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th February 2018, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your very informative reviews paunchy. Classy writing!

Do see Rose some time... she is the mamasan and she is very accomplished I can assure you . She's there Tue, Fri, Sat, Sun.

And 6/108 is still operating as ever


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th May 2018, 01:12 PM
Poster ID: PeeknPoke
Post Title: 
 Northern Remedial Massage, Middle Cove - 0431 054 810
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda
Establishment : Northern Remedial Massage, Middle Cove
Date of Visit : Saturday 5th May '18
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 163 Eastern Valley Way: Telephone 0431 054 810
Hours of Business : 10am-7pm, 7 days
Rates : $40 / 30 mins, $70 / 60 mins
Age : Late 40s
Size/shape : Tall, athletic and slim 
Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC
Services Provided : Traditional Chinese acupressure massage and HJ
Value for money/recommend? :  Yes 

Linda is an accomplished masseur, and the visit for the massage is worth it on its own.
Linda presents as your classic MILF but with a very upmarket feel, she obviously spent her use in athletics or even modelling. Her day clothes are what you would expect to see walking around David Jones on a lazy Saturday afternoon, e.g. you wouldn't pick as a working lady. 

Her massage is very professional, and she is very attentive to your comfort and your acceptance of this style or firmness of the massage been given.

When it comes to part two, there is almost a shy hesitance to ask you what you would prefer a straight tug or naked. The physics of time and childbirth have left their mark however not to any great detriment to what once would have been a magnificent body, and one that still outranks many the ladies working around Sydney these days.

Like in the massage, Linda is attentive to your requirements she very much enjoys her rather large breasts being massaged with special attention to her nipples, touching elsewhere whilst not encouraged is not dissuaded, "no inside" seemingly the only restriction.

WIR: Yes
Massage 8/10
Vibe: 8/10
Shop: 8/10


Floor: #7
Post Time: 3rd September 2018, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: brett1971
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : Northern Remedial Massage, Middle Cove

Date of Visit : August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 163 Eastern Valley Way: Telephone 0431 054 810

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm, 7 days

Rates : $40 / 30 mins, $70 / 60 mins, plus $20 for clothed HJ

Age : Probably 60s

Size/shape : Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Traditional Chinese  massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. 

This place is set up nicely good size rooms with full size walls, which are clean and they have a toilet out the back ,its a typical MILF massage place

Rose who I think is the boss here ,does give a very good massage (been doing it for 15 years) long flowing strokes and very good pressure.Rose does a good tickle and tease and does a very nice slow and teasing handjob.

Cleans you up with hot towels and gives a nice face massage at the end.

Note don't pay $50.00 for the naked hand job as the body is just too old IMHO and sagging.Just go for the massage and clothed HJ


Floor: #8
Post Time: 25th October 2019, 06:41 PM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple

Establishment : Northern  Remedial Massage

Date of Visit : Friday 25/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 163 Eastern Valley Way, Middle Cove

Phone :0431054810

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm

Rates : 30 min $40, 45 min $60, 60 min $70 + $20HJ

Age : 40ish 

Size/shape : Size 8 classic MILF

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : excellent massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

It’s the closest place to my house and three door from my Chyro.....whom I had seen and decided to try for 30 minutes...

I have been a couple of months ago and was dealt with by the boss lady (60 I would say) but today I thought I would try my luck to see if someone else could help me out....

Rang the bell and a much younger lady came to they door. Reasonably attractive too!

I asked for 30 minutes and was asked if I wouldn’t mind waiting for ten minutes...no worries....

Ten minutes later she came back out and ushered me to the laundry room where I was to wait a bit more till she had finished with existing customer..

Once in the massage room I handed over my cash and asked how much for HJ, by gesticulating with wanking hand movement. Two fingers back was cue for $20...

Apple is an excellent provider of her service. She actually works at a legit place in Westfield Chatswood on a Tuesday (funnily enough the one that my gestapo wife and I go to when needed! - no maybe I need to go next Tuesday...LOFL!) but she said there’s no way that shit would ever go down in the Westfield...imagine that! Anyway she work here Friday, Saturday and Sunday.

Little TT throughout the first 20 minutes then on flip with 10 to go the oil came out and it was play time.....very good technique, soft and clearly knowing the ropes.....allowed a bit of groping, offered nude body slide, but I was happy with a clothed MILF getting me off. Seems almost MILF across the road type of thing.....clean up and out of there.

Would I return? Yes, after my next spinal adjustment on a ‘Friday’

Cheers,

W


