Thread Title: Mandarin Centre -  219A, Level 2 61-65 Albert Ave, Chatswood - 02 9411 1213
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th January 2014, 09:16 PM
Poster ID: Jack Flash
Post Title: 
 Mandarin Centre -  219A, Level 2 61-65 Albert Ave, Chatswood - 02 9411 1213
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Li or something that sounds like it

Establishment : Chinese Acupuncture & Massage, Mandarin Centre, Chatswood

Date of Visit : Jan 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 219A, Level 2, Mandarin Centre, 65 Albert Avenue, Chatswood

Hours of Business : 10am to 6.30pm (7 days)

Rates : $65 for the hour +$20 for happy ending

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Average, a few extra pounds

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, happy ending, boob out for some play and sucking

Value for money/recommend? : So-so.

My experience/comments : Was in Chastwood last week, wanted some lunch but wanted to avoid Westfield which is a zoo, so I dropped into the adjacent Mandarin Centre and headed up to the food court on the second floor. Wandering around I noticed that among all the food places was this tiny 'blink and you miss it' place called Chinese Acupuncture & Massage.

I'm not kidding this place is so small and not much signage (no room for it), I walked past it once and thought 'Hang on, what was that?' and doubled back. It is squashed between two food places, half of the shop front is glass the other half is open with a tall reception desk and a cute MILF behind it, now that caught my attention!

The best way to find this place is to go up to Level 2, it's the level below the cinema; go to where the two elevators are, down one end of the floor. Now pretend you have come out of either elevator and turn right, follow the 'flow' of shops around the corner to the left and the massage place is right there.

Anyway after seeing the MILF I figured lunch could wait! Walked up to her, she's not very tall, short red-dyed hair and very nice shape & boobs, figured I was onto a winner when she asked how long and I said "60 minutes".

She ushers me into one of three or four tiny narrow cubicles with just drapes at the sides and front, not even a solid wall, walked out again. I stripped down to send that usual signal that I wanted more than just the massage but its not easy to lie there starkers when a massage lady walking in to the front of the area would open those drapes and you reckon anybody walking past this shop in the food court would catch a flash of flesh!

I'm just about to slide the dacks off when massage lady walks in and it's not the short sexy MILF but an older woman who is honestly not very 'easy on the eye', in fact I right away thought 'No, no way do I want a handjob from her'. But I was a bit stunned and slid the shorts off anyway, right in front of her, she didn't bat an eyelid. Lay down and she covers me with a sheet and gets to work.

Pretty decent massage I have to say, when she was doing my upper thighs from behind there was a little hint of extras by the way she's stroke my cheeks and crack in that clever way which is not accidental nor is it 'full on'.

Turned over, closed my eyes because honestly looking at her would not have helped (!), she did my legs and chest and I decided What The Hell, may as well 'rise to the occasion' and see what happened, after all sometimes the older ones have a good technique.

She didn't volunteer any extras or take any hint, probably worried about council dickheads, even doing upper thighs from the front there was just the odd 'accidental or not?' stroke at the bottom of the sack. In the end I just reached down and pushed the sheet aside to show my stiffness, she smiles (by now my eyes are open again) and makes the odd nice comment or two but keeps the massage going.

I reach down and gently guide her hand onto my rod, she smiles and makes an appreciative sound but motions to the curtain between our cubicle and the next, then shakes her head, like she doesn't want to get caught. I just rub her hand up and down my rod and whisper '$20', she smiles and nods and puts her fingers to her lips to show 'keep quiet' and she gets to work.

She does a decent job too, I run my hand up over her breasts and then pull her close, she leans in and I pop the left tit out, it's large but not well shaped but has a decent size and large nipple which I tongue and she likes that. She keeps going until I unload, then she uses one of the wet towels which she had earlier brought in to wipe me down (before the 'turn over') to wipe it up.

So on the whole a nice option for Chatswood in a place you might not expect. Not easy to concentrate and relax with the food court tight outside, the noise of people eating, talking, plates & cutlery plus piped music playing in the food court. But a nice option for something different. Also if you park downstairs in the Mandarin Centre you need to get this shop (or some other shop in the centre) to validate your parking ticket for free 2 hour parking otherwise it's $9 so don't forget to get your parking ticket checked before you leave the shop.

I briefly chatted with the MILF on the way out, she gave me a card with the shops details and said her name is 'Wendy', I think I'll try to go back and visit her next time!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th January 2014, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now that's a review... all the info. Great work Jack


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th January 2014, 01:08 AM
Poster ID: nakedchef
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fantastic review mate.  I recall a thread from the not so distant past, enquiring about rnt in shopping centres.  From memory no one could come up with the goods, but I believe we found a winner.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th January 2014, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went to check this place out today, and the receptionist was a young bloke who looked distinctly like a masseur ie. a male massager.

Was not up to checking this out.

When up to Pac Highway and checked out the croaking frog.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th April 2014, 09:52 PM
Poster ID: PeeknPoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I heard that Wendy from Shop 19 Victoria Plaza has now bought this shop, don't know when.


