Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd August 2018, 09:22 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: 
 Moments of Peace - U55/47 Neridah St Chatswood - 02 9412 3774
				
Post Content: 
Its been a long time between drinks on this thread. "Princess Thai" is now closed. As of April 2018, Kitty has moved around the corner to shop 55 in the same complex.

Here is a MODIFIED review of the latest experience. Maybe mods might close this thread and move this report to to a new one or just change the title.

Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Moments of Peace Massage

Date of Visit : 21/8/2018

Contact Details/Address : shop 55, 47 Neridah St Chatswood or enter from Oscar St.

Weblink : Moments of Peace – Massage Therapist

Phone : 9412 3774

Hours of Business : 10:00am to 9:00pm, 7 days

Rate : $65/hr

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : 5'5" size 6-7, awesome B-cups, beautiful

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai (Isan)

Services Provided : nude RnT, LFK, body slide

WIR? : Yes!

This is Kitty's new shop. Kitty of 26 Oscar St fame who has moved around the corner within the Neridah St complex. No expense has been spared to fit out... the place is very comfortable, piped music, separate toilet room, carpet throughout and a tastefully tiled shower area big enough for you... plus three or four Thai nymphs 

Entry is directly opposite 29a, a few steps from D'Privilege at 24 and around a corner from Lulu's North Star at 43. This part of the Neridah street complex is very much "massage central" now... well I suppose it always has been!

There is a comfortable lounge area at the entrance with reception desk. The girl's room is behind. Massage rooms are upstairs with two levels above the ground reception area. I'm not sure how many rooms... I was in one on the first level close to the shower. The room is large... obviously designed as a bedroom at build.

Kitty greets me with affection, remembering me after a three-year absence. She is simply lovely... just as I remember her when she once massaged me for a while before handing me to one of the girls. But that is history . I pay $65 opting for an hour. CC payment is now available. 

Kitty taps the wall and Jessie emerges... wow! Kitty introduces me as, "my client... give him a happy time!" Customer focus here is good as ever! I follow Jessie up the stairs. She is in a white uniform that creates a very professional impression. She chats a bit as we climb up. Into the room and Jessie bids me to undress before leaving briefly. I see what I assume to be an 'etiquette notice' on the wall but the text is so small and the room is dimly lit that I can't read a word... I'd probably ignore it anyway!!!

Jessie returns as I'm on the table. Her style is typical Thai... she does it well. Very sensual, covering all areas from toes to head. After around 35 minutes, the TT commences... excellent... gentle, yet pursuasive, with some light rectal stimulation which always adds spice. On the turn over, she offers HJ, then nudity for the usual toll. Oh yes, I need to see this gorgeous body in the birthday suit. Jessie removes the nurses uniform to reveal red and black lingerie. So sensual...

Her underwear is shed. OMG, Jessie has the most perfect breasts I have seen for some time. Perfect shape B-cups that look and feel natural to me. She's most willing for my tactile appreciation of them, just as she is for my roaming hands to explore everything in reach... and that includes everything 

Jessie then suggests a full body slide for a little extra toll... hmmm, so a little upsell practice here but I figure another $20 won't break the bank. Indeed, Jessie is very friendly... first up, she slides those breasts up and down my torso and then to my waiting mouth. < EDIT >

Jessie has annointed my rod and is very slowly and sensually massaging it. I can see her watching herself in the huge mirror beside the table... holy fuck I wish for a GoPro on my head for the Kodak moment. Her pace slowly quickens but I'm having a slow rise to conclusion. < EDIT >. Within moments ...... there's a Vesuvian eruption emerging from my sword, all over me and probably on those gorgeous puppies too. Another Thai goddess found...

Jessie cleans up comprehensively before offering the shower... it's few steps away. She disappears with just a towel around her so I presume there's another facility for the girls to clean up. Greater familiarity would surely enable mutual washing. Jessie is  way high on the desirability stakes and I will be back for more. With mutual massage, respectful attention and perhaps some DATY, I might deviously expect more 

Jessie is here Tuesdays only. As in times past, I'd be sure Kitty will also have a full compliment of obliging nymphs for massage delight


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd June 2019, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: Alexbear
Post Title: 
 Moments of Peace - U55/47 Neridah St Chatswood - 02 9412 3774
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Moments of Peace

Date of Visit : Suturday in June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : U55/47 Neridah St (Chatswood Village)

Phone :9412 3774

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $65/Hour

Age : 30's?

Size/shape : size 6/7 D cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage B2B COB

Value for money/recommend? : Definately

My experience/comments : This is one of the many R&T shops in the village but looks more legit from the outside. The decor is tastefully done and the place is spotlessly clean. They have a shower as well for those who wish to wash the oil off.
I arrived at about 7pm and was met by Linda at reception. I was sure I had seen her somewhere before  but didn't say anything at the time and she didn't seem to recognise me.
We discussed the rates and I opted for an hour oil massage. She ushered me up to the top level and all the way up the stairs I was checking out her butt with a very strong sense of dejavous...
In the room which was large she asked me to disrobe and left me to undress. I did so while trying to remember which shop I had met her in and when it was...
I was face down when she returned and she started a very strong massage. We chatted but still I couldnt place her and she wasn't letting on to having met me before until TO time....I was semi hard but as soon as she saw mini me she smiled widly and said hello! I havent's seen you in a long time....err, where was that I asked and she said the name of another shop in Chatswood. Then it all came back to me and I was instantly hard remenbering a few double sessions with another well known lady from that shop.
We discussed extras and I settled on B2B for $80 which was delivered slowly and very erotically and at theclimax she let me unload onto her gergeous boobs.
She went off to get hot towels for the clean up and offered a shower if I wanted. After clean up we still had a few minutes so she massaged my head and shoulders and had me nearlt drifting off to sleep....
WIR, oh yeah! Awesome service


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th February 2020, 09:50 AM
Poster ID: Alexbear
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Minnie

Establishment : Moments of Peace

Date of Visit : Saturday February 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : U55/47 Neridah St Chatswood

Phone :9412 3774

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $65/hour

Age : Hmmm 30’s?

Size/shape : Petite 6-8 C 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Stopped by on Saturday to see who was free. Minnie was sitting at reception and the smile that welcomed me decided the length of stay. 1 hour

Up to the room and she left me to strip off. I was already lying down when she returned so she started to warm up my muscles immediately.
She does’t chat much so I let her do her job and only spoke occasionally to let her know I was enjoying her massage skills. Right from early on there was a generous amount of TT

TO time and she asked what I wanted, I settled for $50 NHJ. Minnie stripped off to reveal an ok body. She started a very slow HJ with light kissing around the heck and chest and allowed my hands to wonder and explore and allowed a bit of nipple sucking which had me over the line very quickly

WIR, yes.


