Thread Title: Phoenix Massage Studio – Lindfield - 8542 9543
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd July 2017, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: 
 Phoenix Massage Studio – Lindfield - 8542 9543
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Judy

Establishment : Phoenix Massage Lindfield

Web : PHOENIX MASSAGE STUDIO

Date of Visit : 1/7/2017

Contact Details/Address : 327 Pacific Highway, Lindfield. ph: 8542 9543

Hours of Business : 10:00am to 8:00pm 

Rate : $70 for 60 minutes

Age : ~ 25?

Size/shape : slim, 5'6" size 6, natural B-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : HKC (here 10 years)

Services Provided : nude RnT

VFM: ok

Just what Lindfield needs... yet another massage shop! This one is mere metres from Lindfield station next to Subway and a dry-cleaning shop. Well signed, it's at street level with the entrance straight off the highway but there's no noise penetration into the room. There's a reception desk in front.

This is more a brief report of this new shop rather than Judy. I phoned to book and Papasan was most polite and efficient on the phone. Equally so on my arrival and departure, checking that I was satisfied. There's two rooms here and on Saturday, there was only one girl. Judy works at the sister shop at 218/1 Katherine St Chatswood and was only filling in here. The room was small but adequate with a handbasin in the corner. Pleasant music plays but the room lights were left at full brightness throughout... in unfamiliar digs, an oversight from Judy I guess. While the room was private with sliding door, some conversation outside was audible at one point. Other features such as massage table, disposable cover, hangers for your clothes etc are all pretty usual. I saw no shower and was not offered one... I assume there isn't one. There's a small "No sexual services" sign stating that such a request will result in being asked to leave... ha!

Judy delivers an excellent massage... one of the best, although the naked tug for the usual pineapple toll was fairly routine with very little touching allowed other than some boob play. She's not a front page model but friendly and service oriented. Perfect English. Recommended for her rub... Monday and Thursday at 218/1. For the tug, she was willing and able... mission pleasantly accomplished 

Not much else to say really, other than wondering about potential service from other girls. While time will tell, at a first glimpse this place is definitely in a milder league than the 2 Thai shops down the road


