Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2014, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: 
 Queens Sauna (Formerly Oriana) - 2/7 Help St, Chatswood - 02 9884 8333
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici? or Seci

Establishment : 2/7 Help St, Chatswood

Date of Visit : 21/11/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  02 9884 8333 from quick web search, but not sure if this is current as it has changed hands

Hours of Business : 10am till 7

Rates : $35 30min $60 60min + standard RnT rates

Age : not over mid 20s

Size/shape : B cup, tall and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (shang hai)

Services Provided : massage and RnT extras

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Since I work at Chatswood, so I often have time to browse around different RnTs during lunch, and I always liked the thrills of visiting new joints with new ladies.
There has been quite a few of new RNTs lately at Chatswood, since 200/1 Katherine st gone down hill, I am still yet to decide on a regular place to go to.
Then i discovered this place, used to be called "queens massage" at Chatswood help street. Came across it on cracker as it was advertising there a month or so ago,
called up and asked if any tall ladies was available, and was recommended Ceci.

Went there, and met Ceci, face not too bad id say 7/10, but had killers long legs which did it for me. She felt like she was new to the industry? as most asian MLs usually get quite put off
when you touch them even though you are opting for extras. Session started, i went for 30min, she actually did quite good massage to my surprise. She would mount on top of me, instead of standing by my side. During the massage, my hands wandered all over her and she seemed to have no objection. Then, flip over time, I went with the $50 tip and she undresses (different to 200/1 katherine where ladies undress the 1st minute they walk in, but quality of girls went down hill). So she did a bit of teasing, not too exciting and rather mechanical, and started to lube me up.

So I thought why not ask for something different? as I've always been a feet person, I asked if she could give me a foot job instead, and she said she didn't know how nor has she ever tried.
Then I grabbed her feed and taught her the strokes, with the aid of oil, it felt nice even though she is no expert. And at last I exploded on her feet after asking, which I usually won't bother asking as these ladies will just turn you down or demand extra tips, but to my surprise she was fine with it.

Overall, a very sextisfying experience, rather than spending $200+ for a foot fetish session. She had killer long legs which was a big turn on for me.
On my way out, there seemed to have quite some talents, very young. Exchanged some conversations with the lady keeper, Helen, not quite fluent in English but managed to communicate,
shop changed hands not long ago apparently, and she claimed to have a large number of ladies on roster each week.

Will keep an eye out on this joint!

Thanks

Jodie


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th October 2017, 08:36 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is now advertising as exclusively ladies only.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th October 2017, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting - I recall seeing such advertising quite a while back, maybe even after it shifted from the great place it used to be and underwent extensive renovations... maybe they tried ladies-only but it didn't work, so they went back to a more 'conventional' 'Asian health spa' (with extras, natch) but got busted or for a warning and are back in the ladies-only legit space again....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th October 2017, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Assume that this is the same place, seems to fit with female massage place https://www.facebook.com/pages/Ariso...97627120435716

A pity the original place was closed as had some excellent experiences there. Oh well, memories survive.


