Thread Title: Spoilt for choice at Neridah Square, 47 Neridah Street Chatswood!
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st October 2010, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: 
 Spoilt for choice at Neridah Square, 47 Neridah Street Chatswood!
				
Post Content: 
It seems that punters on Sydney's lower northside certainly have plenty of choice, not only within Chatswood itself but even at a single location.

That location is Neridah Square, a medium-density block of offices at 47 Neridah St Chatswood, which by all accounts is turning into an Asian massage version of Singapore's famous 'four floors of whores'!

The latest tally stands at four massage shops where the classic 'happy ending' (and perhaps more, depending on the place and the lady) are available.

* Northshore Oriental Health Centre is the recently revamped 29A (ph 9419 2227)

* North Star Massage is at unit 43 (ph 9419 5152)

* Now we have reports of a new shop open at Unit 1 (http://tangmassage.com.au) and another at Unit 6 (see first AXR report by Sparksy at http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/showth...a-0420-792-977)!

Are there any more to add to this list?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th October 2010, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: buttrose
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
1/47 Neridah Street Chatswood. http://tangmassage.com.au 

Walked past this place Saturday and it was closed. Has a strange entrance inside a barber shop. Was heading for a massage at 29a on Monday and noticed that 1/47 was open so I stuck my head in. A voice from upstairs asked me if I wanted a massage. As I have had many enjoyable punts at places that I would only find out about on this great site I decided it was time to take one for the team and check out if this place is legit or not.

First impressions was that it was legit as the girl offering the massage was dressed to conceal, was quite plump with a couple of chins and large pendulous tits. It just did not strike me that extras would be offered by this girl. The rooms were very small but new The price was $35.00 1/2 hour and $55.00 1 hour. I opted for the 1/2 hour at $35.00 thinking that I would at least have a reasonable massage. WRONG. 

This girl massaged like she was gently carressing a piano with no sense or idea of what she was doing while constantly asking me if it was good/too hard etc. She was seriously impressed with her abilities such that I struggled not to laugh. Amazingly she upsold me to the 1hour massage and for some reason I agreed as I was really there to check out the bona fides of the place ang girls can obviously vary.  Bizarrely she then starts to tell me that my phone was ringing in my pants and would I like to check it. i did not hear a thing. She kept insisting and I kept declining knowling full well that I had left my phone in my car at Chatswood Chase. Did she actually hear things or was she really trying to waste time.

Anyhoo I was not expecting a "please turn over now" but she did and then she gave the sales pitch.... "We have two specials today, HJ for $20.00 and B2B for $50.00". She was amazed when I declined. I was then offered a discount and I again declined. Her massage was closer to feeling mosquitos landing on my body not knowing where they will land next. There had been no tackle tickle and frankly Lil Buttrose was in hiding and did not want her anywhere near him. 

So the good news is that this may well develop into a suitable RnT. I walked past again 1/2 hour later and they were closed so they only open sporadically and are maybe staffing it with lower level WLs until they gey a bit busier although this girl would not encourage repeat business.

I apologise for not asking her if extra extras were on offer as I was worried that they were. And I did not ask her name as I did not want to know it.

I literally ran to 43/47 Neridah for a massage to make up for my massage. The girl offered to me there was not appealing and I only booked for 1/2 hour at $35.00. The massage was passible such that the feeling of mosqitoes had passed. I declined the HJ offered.

Is there going to be a happy ending to this story? 

Next stop was 29a/47 Neridah, my original destination. I was introduced to a cute asian thing by the name of Susan wearing a little pink uniform and a nice smile. Lil Buttrose arose in anticipation of a happy ending. Booked an hour long massage for $65.00 and it was great. There was no tackle tickle but on turnover I was still ready. I was offered HJ but I asked if there was other extras. She offered B2B. I asked FS, she said no. I asked BBJ, she said yes for $50.00 but don't come in her mouth. I lot of sucking and HJ got me across the line and the necessary happy ending to a strange day.

I would see Susan again.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th October 2010, 06:26 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Buttrose, you're a champ for being willing to Take One For The Team (we should set this up as an abbreviation to TOFTT) - without such endeavours we would never learn of new places to visit nor those to avoid!

From your report I think your schedule must have been crossing over mine, as I was at 29A yesterday arvo but missed out on Susan because she was busy 'finishing off another client' according to Jenny - how little did I know the truth in that!

It's funny, as I walked back to my car I passed 1/47 and they were just closing up, so I stopped and looked like I was tapping out an SMS on my iPhone while I surreptitiously observed the goings-on... I too noticed the odd layout, that this place is upstairs from a barber shop, and I saw two girls coming out the door with bags and locking up.

Just from the looks of them I thought this place has got to be legit! One was the over-sized one you saw (wearing a yellow top), the other was thinner and prettier of build but for a very odd bulbous pock-marked nose, so the fact that neither of them was really attractive made me think they must be legit girls who do legit services. Obviously I was wrong, but sheesh - can't imagine anyone wanting a happy ending from Ms Chubby, let alone body-to-body - and that her massage itself was so crap, well, one hopes they are good at the legit beautician services because they're not gonna make much from rub'n'tug!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th October 2010, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Try out the new Shop 6 RnT which is owned by SELENA....it's a new 2 room Massage Joint, she is looking for a 2nd M'Lady $60 + the Tug


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th October 2010, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There must be half a dozen places in and around here now! Business must be booming! Competition everywhere..

AB


