Thread Title: Tang Massage - 1B Neridah Square, Neridah St, Chatswood - 0403 280 886
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: 
 Tang Massage - 1B Neridah Square, Neridah St, Chatswood - 0403 280 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jin

Date of Visit: A Saturday in April 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 1B Neridah Square, Neridah Street, Chatswood - 0403 280 886 - www.tangmassage.com.au

Hours of Business: 10am to ~6pm

Rates: Can't recall the exact rates, they were pretty standard for massage, although in this instance I paid $70 for three hours. Yes, that's insane, but YMWV (Your Mileage WILL Vary), read on for the weird explanation..!

Age: mid-20s

Size/shape: Medium height & build, not skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity: Malaysian, but not noticeably so, has mid-light skin and looks more generic Asian

Services Provided: Massage 7/10, hand job 4/10, no extras.

Value for money/recommend?: No. There are better masseuses in Chatswood who also do a better tug at the end, and also no shortage who will do 'extras' beyond that.


My experience/comments: Well, where do I begin with this one?

Let me set the scene by explaining that I was spurred on by another AXR punter's comments regarding the Neridah Square complex at Chatswood, the number of massage places it contains, and my own observation that many of us understandably tend to stick to favourite places and/or favourite ladies - and while there's nothing wrong with that, indeed I do that myself, there's always the desire to try something new, somewhere new, someone new... not just from a 'man is the hunter' perspective but that we punters like to keep our eyes out for new places.

Many's the time I have taken a bit of a gamble on trying a new place - one that's just opened, or has not been reviewed on AXR as yet. It's partly to sate my own curiosity (as well as more base desires) and also in the noble spirit of sharing news of a new place with my anonymous punting comrades.

Sometimes those visits are a bust (and sadly, I am not talking about a perky 32B-type bust), but sometimes they uncover gems. In the latter category I would count my 'discovery' of Natalie at Tiandi; Jenny at the original 29A Neridah; Linda at Haymarket Massage in Thomas St, Chinatown; and of course Mina the minx and her cohorts at the old Albany.

And that's what Taking One For The Team, or TOFTT, is all about.

So, in the spirit of TOFTT, I decided to give Tang a try.

Now, as I've noted in my Punter's Guide to Neridah Square, this place is actually on  Neridah Street rather than in the complex itself. It's next to the barber shop.

Well, it's actually sorta inside the barber shop - a rather weird arrangement, but not the only weirdness I was to encounter that Saturday afternoon.

There's a door which lets you into the barber shop and then up a set of stairs to Tang on the first floor.

The official name of the place is Tang Source of Energy Massage Clinic, and it's part of the Tang chain (see http://www.tangmassage.com.au).

This includes Tang shops at 62 Erskine St Sydney (AXR thread), 287 Broadway (AXR thread) and of course 88A Hampton Road Artarmon (AXR thread).

Now, a quick peruse of those three threads will reveal that as a chain of shops, Tang is very inconsistent. Some places, or rather some girls at some places, do only the rub; some girls do the tug and more; and at 88A, it sees that pretty much everything is on the menu.

Tang at Neridah is more the former than the later. It looks pretty legit and the services are in the same vein – I'd heard that if you get a tug here it's more an afterthought that the main reason for going. I've also heard that this Tang branch is more for girls who just want to do massage or maybe the tug but nothing more than that. So punters seeking a good rub'n'tug and maybe more should give this place a miss.

Now, to my weird experience. I turn up on a Saturday afternoon and while the sign on the door says OPEN the door is closed; I ring the bell, no answer. I see a sign on the window saying: Jin 0435 849 917 Fri-Sun 10am-7pm, after hours by appt (off days)

So I call the number, a young lady with a bright voice and good English and an accent I can't quite place answers - it's Jin, who is actually out shopping in Chatswood Chase! But she says she will be with me in a few minutes and she's good to her word.

Jin is mid-20s, average height and build, wears glasses, very much the average 'girl next door' type; her accent has the barest traces of Singaporean in terms of its English but none of the Singlish lilt, so I take a stab that she is Malaysian (her skin isn't the darker shade of Malaysian) and that proves to be correct, although I later learn she speaks fluent Chinese as well.

Tang Massage has two treatment rooms and looks very legit - not always the best sign, but I have learned not to just books by covers. We head into the larger room, which isn't huge but is not too cramped; I opt to stay for one hour, Jin wanders out to get a warm towel and such and I stop down, lie down face first and await the massage and hopefully more (it's sometimes nice to see a 'girl next door' get dirty!).

Jin starts a quite decent massage, not the best I've had but more useful than just pointless soft stroking; as she does so we continue the chatting we did from when we met, there's a lot of joking and teasing, some curiosity about each other, and it's all progressing very well, we are making quite a connection, which is a good sign.

Another good sign is that when I turn over, Jin comes to the top of the table to massage my chest and head, leaning over a little so her compact yet full breasts brush over my face - and before you ask, yes, she's still wearing her street clothes, has not changed into any little nurse's uniform and definitely has not stripped down at all.

It gets better because she starts to ask me what excites a guy - "do you mean, what arouses him sexually?" I ask – yes, she replies... I start to speak in broad terms about a woman's touch, her nearness, thinking of her and what she looks like under her clothes - Jin keeps on with the massage and asks what excites me... at this point I am clearly already getting exited, as she can see, so I tell her that I love a woman's touch, the scent of her skin and hair, the taste of her, and then I reach around and up to gently stroke her hips and waist and breasts, and tell her that she excites me...

Jin moves around to the side of the massage table, starts to massage my lower stomach and I run a hand up over her backside and under her top, onto her bare skin of her back... it's been pouring rain outside, neither of us is in a hurry to go anywhere (Jin tells me I am her first customer for the day and she often does shopping, just browsing, during the day to kill time) - we keep chatting, joking, teasing, and because things are looking pretty good, because we're making a great connection, I figure that I might go for the ultimate extra - so I tell her this massage is so good that as both have nowhere else to go, why don't we spend two hours together?

She's happy for that, and as I rub her back she says it's nice, so I offer to massage her (regular readers will recognise this as one of FlyBoy's regular tactics!).

So I get up and wrap a towel around my waist, as Jin takes off her top and climbs onto the table, face down. I unhook the back of her bra, nudge down her pants clear of her backside, and set to work.

Jin enjoys this very much, and we keep chatting, just as we've done for well over an hour now. I massage her for maybe 20 minutes, sometimes gently grazing the sides of the boobs without making anything too overt. We've already talked about relationships, reasons why we're both single, what we look for in partners etc... then Jin says "How do you know if a guy likes you? How do you tell him that you like him?".

Well, this is an odd turn... and I wonder if she's going to do the "I like you" routine. Not that I would mind, she's a nice girl, funny and interesting and appealing in that girl-next-door kinda way.

So we talk a little in general terms, and I assure her that she doesn't need to fear rejection (which she apparently does) because any guy would be happy to be with her... so then I ask "So there's a guy you like, but you don't know how to tell him?. Yes, she replies. "OKay" I say, "so what do you know about him?"

Well, she starts, he's divorced and he had two kids... WTF!

Let me pause here to explain that I am not divorced, have never even been married, and I do not have any kids.

So yes, here I am with an Asian massage girl, she's done the massage on me and asked what excites me and gotten me excited; now I'm massaging her, she's mostly naked but for a short pair of pants pulled down from her bum and I'm lightly grazing the side of her boobs ever now and again - and she is asking me for dating and relationship advice about some guy she is keen on??

Naturally, FlyBoy being a gentleman, I listen to her story and her concerns and offer her much sage advice and a few suggestions as to where he might be at right now, how she could proceed etc. And naturally, FlyBoy Jnr has long gone from half-mast to frightened-turtle mode in 10 second flat.

Anyway, after a while I'm done massaging Jin, we swap places again (but her bra is done up and her top is back on again) and she moves back to give me a head and shoulder massage... chat continues until we realise it's gone dark outside, and we've been there for over 2.5 hours! So it's time to finish up, and Jin starts to finish up, helps me up, wipes me down – errr, I say, we're almost done, just one stiff muscle remaining etc... she gets the hint and says "Oh, you want hand relief?".

Well, yes, after your "what excites a man, what arouses you" chatter while you rubbed your boobs in my face and got me hard while I lay there naked, yeah, I sorta figured a happy ending was on the cards.

So Jin comes around, oils up her hands and starts the job - won't take off her top, doesn't let me touch the boobs - I later learn that she wants to go to the Artarmon branch where they are a lot busier but the boss keeps her at Chatswood, and reading reports of what goes on at 88A Hampton I think I know why  the boss makes that call!

Unfortunately Jin's tug technique is quite amateurish, she seems to have very little idea of what she's doing, of how to work the rod or balls with any sense of rhythm or sensuality.

As she rubs me, she asks if I ever "touch" myself - well, yes, I admit, but this is much more enjoyable! She says her ex-bf used to "touch" himself when she was sitting there naked with him, he'd play with her boobs or watch her touch herself while he jacked off... and I'm thinking "If your handjobs were as bad as this, no wonder he opted for the DIY  approach!".

I start to wonder if I can get across the line at all, given her bad technique, but I make a bit of an effort, and I've been aroused enough by time spent with Jin to this point that I'm able to shoot the juice in a few great globs.

Jin cleans me up, when I dress and we keep chatting, ending our time with a warm hug. I note that we're now bang on the three hour mark, so I think this'll cost me maybe $200 but I have no idea - I ask Jin and she says "$70".

Err, okay, fine by me! She doesn't ask for any 'extra', seems just happy to have had three hours chatting with a nice guy and getting a massage and getting some advice on her love life (!) and not being bored.


So there we go: a very weird session with Jin at Tangs in Chatswood, definitely not recommended for punters and undeniably a TOFTT effort!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd April 2011, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Weird, maybe, but sounds quite pleasant. The FlyBoy charm is still working.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd April 2011, 01:54 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
In retrospect, a pleasant way to spend a slab of a rainy Saturday afternoon, to be sure - novel, and different, and I'm all for that...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th June 2011, 10:57 AM
Poster ID: avaya2010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tang?  1 / 47 Neridah St, Chatswood, 0403 280 886

Person's Name: Tessa

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm

Prices: 30/45/60 ($40/$50/$60)

Age: 40s

Size/shape: Short Vietnamese MILF

Nationality or Ethnicity: Vietnamese

Services: Remedial Massage with optional Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

If the entrance through the barber shop and the little old guys getting their hair cut and staring at you doesn't put you off, then there is apretty good massage to be had here. It was nice and relaxing and Tessa is quite chatty. She's been in Australia almost 20 years, but her English is so bad that you'd think she only arrived two weeks ago. She is nice though and she told me there aren't many customers that come up the stairs. The rent is pretty high compared to what she makes during the day so I don't think there's a lot left for her at the end of the day. So messgae to all punters! Give this chick a try, you might find something you like. Let me put it this way; YMMV but this lady is not shy!

Massage    8/10 (very good)
Lady       6/10 (nice friendly personality and chatty) 
Place      6/10 (clean enough but room for improvement, entrance was very dark)
HJ         7/10 (might be more on offer here; the lack of customers makes for nice & quiet times)


