Thread Title: TCM - Shop 3, 72-76 Aecher St Chatswood. Ph: 94117881
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th June 2013, 11:54 PM
Poster ID: TIP
Post Title: 
 TCM - Shop 3, 72-76 Aecher St Chatswood. Ph: 94117881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : TCM - Shop 3, 72-76 Archer St Chatswood.
Date of Visit : 7 June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Shop 3, 72-76 Acher St Chatswood 94117881

Hours of Business : 7 Days - 10 - 8ish

Rates : 30 / $35 or more ... for longer ! 

Age : 30's ?

Size/shape : 8-10 Hard to tell had white coat on !! A womanly figure .. Pleasnt smiling face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore (she said)

Services Provided : Massage (It is a legit shop?? )

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This is one of the TCM massage shops that can be seen in many suburbs, often in the same suburb.
TCM is just up the road from 76A - and opposite side of the road to Sunhine massage.

It is a professional massage shop offering all the range of massage, acupuncture, reflexology, rehabiltation and manipulations found in professional massage shops. Herbal medecine and other treatments are also available.

Mary was doing the early morning vacuum cleaning when I walked in the door to investigate this fairly recently opened shop in busy Archer St. 
Very professional presentation - clean - a number of massage and treatment rooms, but I only saw into one.
Mary gave a lovely smile and asked "massage?" - I said - "maybe - I have a strained abdominal muscle - what can you do?"

Mary did not understand totally as I pointed at my abdomen - but my gestures did illicit a flash of recognition in the eyes and she smiled in some acknowlodgement, and I could tell she was keen to welcome a new customer - and to hopefully remedy my discomfort.

Into the second room on the left - the first is an office / something .
Massage tables clean, floors spotless - gear off - on my back waiting for abdominal massage. Mary comes into the room, looks me in the eye, then the rest of me, smiles and following my directions begins to give me the best deep tissue massage of the abdomen I have had. 

She had good hands which probed my stomach and abdomen in a smooth, firm flowing motion and by the end of the massage she had straightend out the spasm until it was relaxed and pliable again and I found myself much relieved and satisfied with her ministrations. 

 I  walked out with a different gait well satisfied. - I did not ask Mary to get her "gear off" - I never do - and it is a professional shop - !!

I am sure I shall return if I need that treatment again >>!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd July 2013, 11:00 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was in Chatswood this evening, decided to swing by TCM for a massage + more. In recent years I have become increasingly appreciative of a good massage - a really good one - ideally to meet the high standard set by Natalie from Tiandi, Jenny form Penshurst and a select few others.

I've visited TCM a few times over the past year or so and seen most of the regulars from that time, but have not been back for maybe 4-6 months, so for me, Mary is 'new'. So I wasn't unpleased when I dropped in, saw a late 20s smiling face atop a curvy womanly figure behind the desk, who introduced herself as Mary.

Mary says she's from Singapore but I feel she's from either China or Hong Kong, as she didn't respond to any of my mentions of Singapore or a jokey 'lah', and she almost no English - which is unheard of for a young woman from Singapore.

First-rate massage: unless you really want hard, ask for medium. Mary truly knows her stuff. She didn't hint at any extras, even though she didn't retract when she stood close later on and I gently ran my hand up and down her leg and calf, just to 'feel out the terrain'.

Hence, no teasing or tickle-tackle even before the 'please turn over' part. But when I had turned over, as she was working on my legs and had draped a towel over FlyBoy Junior, I let nature take its course and FBJr make a stand, and then reached down to brush that pesky towel out of the way, at which she gave a laugh, tapped him and then gave him a  little stroke, before asking the obvious question ("You want handjob?") and posing the expected price ($20).

Her handjob is as good as her massage: the right speed, not too much pressure or too light.

In short, Mary is highly recommended, especially if you're not hung up on skinny women.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th June 2014, 08:46 PM
Poster ID: TIP
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
TCM is closed and the shop is completely empty - "nothing temporary about this".


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th June 2014, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: Hugh Jorgan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by TIP


TCM is closed and the shop is completely empty - "nothing temporary about this"
"""



Shame,  Mary gave a nice massage and definitely extras were on the cards.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th June 2014, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mary is just down the road at 76a I think upstairs, same service


