Thread Title: The punter's guide to Neridah Square, Chatswood
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th April 2011, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: 
 The punter's guide to Neridah Square, Chatswood
				
Post Content: 
The commercial/residential complex known as Neridah Square at Chatswood is home to several massage places scattered among the ground floor offices and suchlike.

Some are 100% legit (aka 'boring') and some are less so (aka 'interesting'). Some of those are, shall we say, 'extra interesting' (if you pay an extra money).

So for the benefit of punters, here's a quick guide to Neridah Square with links to the relevant threads for reviews of each place.

Where is Neridah Square?
47 Neridah Street, Chatswood. Neridah Street runs off Victoria Street, across from the entrance/exit to the Chatswood Chase car park.

Neridah Square is a sprawling four-story complex with a bit of a maze of pathways on the southern side of the block; it's bounded by Neridah Street, Albert Avenue & Oscar Street.

What about parking?
Free parking at Chatswood Chase for the first three hours. But if you're visiting after office hours or on the weekend you'll find plenty of parking in Neridah Square itself - enter via the easy-to-miss driveway halfway along Neridah Street, quite a few spaces on either side and then there's the undercover section down towards the back.

What hours are Neridah's massage places open?
Given the 'commercial' nature of the block and that it's not exactly a happening end of town, the massage places (at least , the ones that do extras and as such the only ones we care about) tend to take their last session between 6pm-7.30pm. Some places will even close early if it's a quiet day. So if you're in Chatswood and looking for some early evening fun, don't bother skulking around Neridah Square.

Okay, enough with the Lonely Planet stuff, where are the massage places?

Tang: Shop 1
This is on Neridah Street, next to the barber shop. Well, it's actually sorta inside the barber shop - a rather weird arrangement. There's a door which lets you into the barber shop and then a set of stairs up to Tang.

The official name is Tang Source of Energy Massage Clinic, and it's part of the Tang chain (see http://www.tangmassage.com.au).

This includes Tang shops at 62 Erskine St Sydney (AXR thread), 287 Broadway (AXR thread) and of course 88A Hampton Road Artarmon (AXR thread).

Now, a quick peruse of those three threads will reveal that as a chain of shops, Tang is very inconsistent. Some places, or rather some girls at some places, do only the rub; some girls do the tug and more; and at 88A, it sees that pretty much everything is on the menu.

Tang at Neridah is more the former than the later. It looks pretty legit and the services are in the same vein – according to some reports here and elsewhere (and my own experience, yet to be filed) if you get a tug it's more an afterthought that the main reason for going. I've also heard that this Tang branch is more for girls who just want to do massage or maybe the tug but nothing more than that. So punters seeking a good rub'n'tug and maybe moe should give this place a miss.

Shop 88: Rainbow Chinese Medicine Acupuncture & Massage Centre
Continue up Neridah and turn left to enter the very first of the walkways into the rabbit warren, and you'll be at Rainbow, shop  88. This place is legit, so keep walking.

15B Oscar Street
If you walk right to the end of this pathway and out onto Oscar Street, then turn left, you'll find a doorway for #15 which includes 15B upstairs.

15B came to fame as the VIP Room for 29A Neridah, officially known as Chatswood Oriental Health Centre but better known as Jenny's, after Jenny the very friendly and somewhat MILFy Chinese lady who took over 29A a few years back and refurbished it.

I can't even give a name to 15B at the moment because as of this weekend it still carried the same familiar blue sign for Chatswood Oriental Health Centre, although Jenny has since sold both 29A and the VIP Room, so the ladies and activities in the VIP Room may now be different than before. Or they may not be. This is where we need a volunteer to scope out 15B and potentially TOFTT.

Anyway, for what it's worth, Jenny's VIP Room is discussed in this 29A thread.

Shop 29A: Chatswood Oriental Health Centre
As mentioned above, this used to be Jenny's but was sold late last year. Click here for a not-very-long AXR thread on the new 29A, where I did a TOFTT exercise. This place now seems not up to the standard of service set by Jenny but is probably a better bet than Tang.

Shop 43: North Star Massage
At last – an Asian 'massage shop' in the best tradition of Chatswood! However, read the AXR thread for some hints as to the girls to get and the ones to avoid.

Note that if you're walking into Neridah Square from Albert Avenue you'll see big red lettering on a shop window with an arrow pointing you to 'Chinese Healthy Massage', but this is also #43, so it's the same shop.

Shop 6A: Massage Therapist & Facial
The last stop on our rub'n'tug tour of Neridah Square is 6A, which is back on street level, down the steps from #43 and #29. If you enter Neridah Square on the driveway that runs off Neridah Street you'll walk (or drive) right past 6A on your left - look for the purple sign in the window with the graphing of the Asian-looking lady getting what appears to be an erotic ear-rubbing session!

But while 6A's official name is 'Massage Therapist & Facial', AXR members know this place better as Selena's. Selena is cut from similar cloth to Jenny only she's much MILFier  . At Selena's hands you're in for a great massage, a great tug and maybe more; her other helpers can be a bit hit and miss, so be guided by reviews in this AXR thread, but Selena never fails to please.

Bottom line
I'd rate Selena at 6A as Neridah Square's best for a rub'ntug, and selected ladies at North Star for going beyond that.

But as always, AXR runs on reviews and reports provided by its members – so if you're in Chatswood and looking for some relaxation and relief, or have already made your mind up to visit Neridah Square and try out any of these places, please come back to us with a detailed report.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th April 2011, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now FB, we'll have a similar detailed report of every major precinct... thanks.. LOL

Nice one, well done! Should keep 'em all busy...


