Thread Title: Angelic Massage - Mermaid Beach QLD - 07 5526 6069
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2015, 08:15 PM
Poster ID: yibbayabba
Post Title: 
 Angelic Massage - Mermaid Beach QLD - 07 5526 6069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Toby (She said Toby but not sure if she understood correctly)

Establishment : Toby Massage 

Date of Visit : 31 May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.facebook.com/tobymassage?ref=br_rs

Hours of Business : 10 - 7 

Rates : 60 hr + 20 HE 

Age : Mid to late 20's 

Size/shape : Small petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese 

Services Provided : massage + HE 

Value for money/recommend? : OK....typical service 

My experience/comments : Needed to drop the car in for a wash at the car wash nearby so decided to get a rub down while waiting. Overall experience was just ok not sure if I will go back or not. 

I will start with the good:

ML was reasonably young and attractive )has a few tatts) 
She allowed lots of rubbing up her legs and between her legs. During the finish I had my had up her denim shorts giving her clit a good rub through her underwear and she was enjoying it 
Nice and skinny with really good box gap so you could rub between the legs easily 

The Bad:
Paper thin walls that only go half way up so you could hear every conversation 
massage table was quite hard 
not a very discrete entry right on the busy highway across the road from K Bar 
didnt even use a hot towel to wipe the oil off so walked out of there shinny as and could never go home to the Mrs like that 
Massage was pretty average 


If you are going to go here i suggest you book 30 minutes and see what extras you can extract out of her. Not sure if I will go back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th August 2018, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: cycleguy1275
Post Title: 
 Angelic Massage GC
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple (yes, Apple...I asked the same!)

Establishment : Angelic Massage

Date of Visit : 4th August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Mermaid Beach GC - 

Phone :07 5526 6069 

Hours of Business : 10-10?  Didnt really check to be honest

Rates : 60 mins $60 - Full naked extra $100

Age : 22

Size/shape : Amazing - Great firm boobs, very fit body and really looks after herself (she told me she does too)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude with happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : thumbs up

My experience/comments : Up on the GC for work and wandered down to this place as I had been there years ago and it wasnt bad.
Apple was on and was the most friendly person I have ever met.  She is currently studying to get a beter job so she does not have to do this any longer but I was extremely happy she was doing it when I was there.
Booked an hour and she offered nude around 1/4 the way in.  From there the massage was, well lets be honest, shit....as she was more intent on rubbing her nude body against mine.  
She did say she liked looking after a fitter person (I do look after myself also) and really does not like hairy bigger guys...she was still polite when saying this!
Highly recommend and will see her again when back up there


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd January 2020, 06:04 PM
Poster ID: Manny71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Sunshine Smile Massage

Date of Visit : 2 2 20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
1/2558 Gold Coast Hwy, Mermaid Beach QLD 4218

https://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_...nvironmen.html

Phone : 5526 6069

Hours of Business : 9am - 8pm I think. No sign

Rates : 65 per hour plus xtra

Age : 28-32

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : taiwanese

Services Provided : rnt, daty,cbj

Value for money/recommend? : fair / yes

My experience/comments :

So down to the GC for Xmas break and Russian roulette.

What I mean is the inconsistency of the shops here. You can be blown away or horrified and have no idea when you walk in.

Today was okay. A little expensive but worth it. 

Lulu appeared. A cups. Size 6 is my guess. Lovely face. 

Lulu started with light massage and after ten minutes asked if I want a hj by signing the international way..... Hand motion... Lol.

I said yes and started to quiz her in what I would get for my $$. FS not on offer but 69 with cbj for an extra 150. I started her at 100 to see what she was like. I got naked and hj for that with light touching everywhere. As it turns out she was very erotic and I had to have more.

Especially when I felt the inner lips of her pussy bulging out.

So paid 50 more and after a cleanup of my cock and wrapping in a thin cellophane bag. Yes you read that correctly. No Dom. A very very thin small plastic bag.

She assumed the position and started to give me a great cbj and the bag was so thin it was awesome.

Her pussy was welcoming, tasty and wet. Needless to say she got very worked up and made the motions of coming but without extra juice so I'm not sure.

I then exploded and she kept going...... For at least 3 minutes.
Amazing. I've never had a massage girl keep sucking after I've come.

Cleaned up. Lay playing with each other and she got me up again. She tried to get me to come with hands and oil but I needed more. No matter.

Showered and left.

Great session. A little expensive but worth it.


