Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th November 2014, 09:32 AM
Poster ID: tobyhard
Post Title: 
 Angies Massage - Wooloongabba - 07 3162 7881  / 0424 182 330
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bobo I think

Establishment : Angies Massage

Date of Visit : 1/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 29 Balaclava st, woolongabba

Hours of Business : 9 til 11

Rates : 50 half 70 hour

Age : 19

Size/shape : tiny, nice curves, pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Just massage

Value for money/recommend? : If you like pretty girls running their hands over you

My experience/comments 

Been meaning to check this place out. Advertises on locanto, but says non sexua, meh.

Get there and greeted with typically Japanese politeness, which I love. The girls were all cute and I'm thinking here we go. Go upstairs into individual aircon room, get my gear off and wait while she does her thing outside.

She's really cute and I've got half a mongrel just thinking about her. She comes back and starts with a fairly average massage, which goes for a while with no hint of action. I'm chatting with her trying to flirt a little as its my first time there, even though I bullshitted the usual been here before. She says turn over and by now half mongrel is an unhappy puppy. She massages my front then says finished, FUCK.

I got the feeling it was one of those prick tease shops, but everything around me screamed extras, private room, sexy clothes, tissues, etc. 

Been back 3 times same girl and still nothing, she says they don't do extras there. I'm pretty tall and straight looking,  sometimes i think i get mistaken for being a copper.

Has anyone been there? Got extras?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th November 2014, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good discovery Tobyhard.

Here's the Gumtree ad for the business, Angie&#x27;s Massage & Beauty | Massages | Gumtree Australia Brisbane South West - Woolloongabba | 1056656624





			
				Angie's Massage & Beauty
For the Ultimate Massage Experience
29 Balaclava Street, Woolloongabba QLD 4102
Watch
0 1 of 1

    - Relaxation Massage
    - Sports Massage
    - Deep Tissue Massage
    - Oil Massage
    - Gel Massage

Hours of Operation:

    Monday: 9:00am to 9:00pm
    Tuesday: 9:00am to 9:00pm
    Wednesday: 9:00am to 9:00pm
    Thursday: 9:00am to 9:00pm
    Friday: 9:00am to 9:00pm
    Saturday: 10:00am to 9:00pm
    Sunday: 10:00am to 9:00pm

ABN:
42167138669
Accreditation:
HETC CRICOS CODE 078513G CREDENTIAL NUMBER HEC0012105
For the ultimate massage experience come try our shop, we have proffesional korean and japanese massage therapists.
From the time you enter you feel relaxed, on arival we greet you with a free cold or hot beverage then you be given the best massage by our staff using only quality massage oils or gels.
Every Mon & Wed 1 hr massage only $60 save $10
Once massage is finished you will be given a gown and slippers to go have shower
We are open 7 days from 9am to 9m , there is plenty of parking at the rear of our building
We also have eftpos .
NON SEXUAL


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th January 2015, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: joh
Post Title: 
 Angie's Massage and Beauty- 29 Balaclava Street, Woolloongabba 0424 182 330/ 3162 3556
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kendy

Establishment : Angie's Massage and Beauty

Date of Visit : 27/11/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.facebook.com/pages/Angie...38480259716783 

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : $70 p/hr or $60 p/hr all day on Monday and Wednesday 

Age : Approx 25

Size/shape : B cup/size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese 

Services Provided : Naked HJ

Value for money/recommend? : It was ok

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I've been patronizing Angie's Massage for a while now so much so that I'd been there enough times to score a free 1hr massage. I dropped in without a appointment at around 7:40 and the girl at the reception desk said there would be a 5 min wait, I expected to wait around 10-15 mins which turned out to be correct.

Anyway, I get led upstairs and shown to my room. Kendy is of average height for a asian woman and wears glasses. Her face isn't the clearest but she greets me in her rather short tight outfit. As a regular I'm familiar with the drill and remove all clothing. At this establishment they also wash your feet prior to the massage which I requested. This is usually pretty thorough with them taking their time. Kendy though didn't seem too interested and it seemed she hadn't been trained like the others on how to clean a client's feet. I asked whether or not she was new and she said she was but had done massage work down at the Gold Coast. After the foot wash, I moved to the massage table. I requested for a hard massage because my back always seems tight nowadays from all the sport that I do. She knew what she was doing and helped with applying some hard pressure into my back and shoulder. She also made the effort to climb onto my back and used her elbows to knead my rather stiff back. 

She seemed open to touching and invited it when she went for some light touches about 30 minutes into the massage around the arse region. Then she requested me to turnover and by that stage i was interested to see what else was on offer. Continued light stroking and I asked her what was on offer and she said $30 a HJ and $80 for naked HJ. With still more than 25 minutes left to go of my 60 min session and sensing that the massage part was over. I decided I wanted to check her out and said a naked HJ. She duly stripped off everything off and began tugging away. When she stripped, it revealed quite a smooth toned body, a decent B cup pushing C cup size and shaved downstairs. She was open to taking it slow but didn't allow me to touch downstairs or lick her body. 

She took it slow and was extremely patient with me so much so that I had to take over a few times because her hand was getting tired. Her HJ was quite mechanical and she didnt' seem too interested. But during this time, I just wanted enjoy the moment and didn't bust until my 60 minutes was up. All up because I got a free massage I just paid the extra to Kendy.  

This type of experience has so far been the exception at Angie's massage. Usually it is strictly a therapeutic massage where you strip and get massaged by some cantily clad asian masseues. I've even asked some directly and they've said they don't do that kind of business but the last couple of times I've been I'm sensing they're more open. I think it really depends on the individual masseuse.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st June 2018, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: jjtaxme90
Post Title: 
 Acqua Massage and Wellness Therapy - 9 McInroy Street Taringa - 07 3162 7881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Acqua Massage and Wellness Therapy

Date of Visit : 22/5/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 07 3162 7881 / Ground floor, 9 McInroy st, Taringa, Brisbane QLD 4068 
Hours of Business : 9am-9pm

Rates : $40 half hour massage plus tips

Age : 25

Size/shape : Size 8 nice figure, tallish long dark hair, beautiful face, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : massage, rub n tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Walked in near closing time and was greetted by Tiffany. Beautiful Korean girl, sexy, attractive and friendly. Asked a couple of questions about extras and costs.  She understandably was a bit guarded but indicated extras would be available. She was the only girl available so I proceed for 30mins. I like to chat to get to know the girl and she was a bit concerned with my questions so I tried to reassure her I was just getting to know her. 

Since time was short and requested extras straight away and said not to worry about massage, just sensual play. She started with very light tickling massage and some great tackle tickle from behind. the more the session warmed up the more friendly she became. I asked if BJ was available and she said no not yet, meaning that if I see her again more would be on offer. I turned over and caressed her gently to which she was ok with. I asked her if I could pop a titty out and she said yes so I carefully pulled her top to the side to reveal a beautiful white medium sized breast and nice nipple. I played with it for a while. It was young and supple, almost perfect. I didn't want to pay for nude this time so just contiued with rub and tug.

I lifted her short skirt to reveal a nice looking pussy covered with thin knickers. I noticed she had a pad as it was showing out the side. I touched it and asked if she was on her period. She shyly said yes and I said it's ok, no worried. I contiued to stroke her pussy over the knickers and played with her breast. She had one had on my cock and one tickling my balls. Felt so great. I continually stopped her as I was ready to blow so I could edge a few times. Always much better orgasm from edging a few times. Sometimes I'll edge up to 10 or 15 times if I have time. I showed her how to use her thumb on the head of my cock and underneath the gland. I taught her that this is so sensitive and feels great for guys. She wqs happy that I was teaching her. I was ready to blow and let her rub until I exploded. she kept rubbing gently like a good girl until well after I blew. By this stage she had warmed up to me nicely and even said I was good looking. haha. I gently rubbed her pussy and asked if next time I could lick this and she nodded yes . Then I said BJ too and she nodded and said yes. Wo...have to go back to her now. Gave her 50 tip for the extras.


