Thread Title: Asian Massage Palm Beach - 1228 Gold Coast Hwy  Palm Beach, QLD = 0439 770 166
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2016, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: likeitalot
Post Title: 
 Asian Massage Palm Beach - 1228 Gold Coast Hwy  Palm Beach, QLD = 0439 770 166
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mika

Establishment : Asian Massage Palm Beach

Date of Visit : 28th Feb, 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0439 770 166 / Gold Coast Hwy (Cnr 11th Ave), Palm Beach

Hours of Business : 9:30am to 6:30pm, 7 days

Rates : $30 - 30min / $45 - 45min / $60 - 60min, Spa option and Extras option

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Size 6, B Cup, Slim with a great tan

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese (She and the manager both said Japanese, although such a great tan had me guessing???)

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, do yourself a favour...

My experience/comments : I had noticed this place on the highway as it's very new, modern and stands out like dogs balls- it's just north of Palmy at the set of lights at 11th Ave- parking on street in 11th Ave.  The entrance is very indiscreet so probably not the best place if you're running for city council... they should've put the entrance on 11th Ave as they are on the corner, but alas, I was tooted at by some scumbag driving past on the highway as I made for the entry.  Once inside, you can relax in the ice cold air conditioning which was a relief this day as it was so hot that my chickens were laying hard boiled eggs.

I hadn't planned this visit, it was just a walk in as I had about a 90min gap in my afternoon.  Nice theme inside, new fit-out with bamboo lockable doors on rooms and a tiled area with a couch from 1987, but comfy none the less.  The manager came out of one of the massage rooms to greet me, she was late 40's at best and I wasn't optimistic about this place off the bat, but upon showing me the simple $1 / min price schedule for massage, I opted for 45 mins and she sung out to another girl to confirm she would be done shortly, to which the other girl shouted back and confirmed- so I was slightly received.  The manager told me to sit down on the couch and that the nice Japanese girl would be with me shortly.

Once the Japanese girl, Mika, was done with the other client, she came to see me and processed my $45 for the 45 min session and ushered me into the room.  Nice large massage table and obviously very clean from the look and smell.  She told me to undress and lie on the table, she would be back shortly.  She came back into the room and a great massage commenced.  This would have to be the best massage I have received since kicking off with these services last year- Mika really knows her way around a massage.  At one point she jumped up on the table near my head, the feeling of her air-con cooled thighs on my ears and top of my shoulders as she kneaded away at my back was fantastic.  After about 30 mins I guess she asked me to turn over and gave some light front side massage before the obligatory motioning for a $20 HJ HE, to which I promptly agreed.  She sat up on the table with me so I could feel her ass and thighs as she went to town with a great HJ, slow at first and building to an awesome climax.  She really seemed to enjoy her work, both massage and HJ, and I feel like more could be on offer after a few visits.  She completely cleaned me up head to toe with hot towels which was appreciated.  I was so worked up and giddy after the massage that I put my shirt on backwards, which she found hilarious, and handled very sweetly with me- what a great girl!

I have been trying a few different places out but none really come close to this experience, I will be back very soon.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2016, 01:27 PM
Poster ID: wildpig87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"I was tooted at by some scumbag driving past on the highway as I made for the entry" this made me laugh so hard haha.

I was down Palm Beach way yesterday and decided to drop into this place as Ive driven past it heaps and always been curious of what the service will be like. 
I'm assuming this massage shop must be owned by the same owners as the one on Ready Creek Rd in Burleigh (near the caravan park, next to the sex  shop), and the massage store in Nerang because they all have the same webpage.
I parked on the side street and went into the shop. the aircon wasn't on an no one was at the front counter, after a couple of minutes and Asian lady about 40+ came out and asked if i wanted massage, i said how much, she said $35 plus $20 for "happy ending". I asked her who did the massage as it seamed she was the only one in the shop.. she said she would do it and i said maybe ill try somewhere else cos I wasn't keen on getting a HJ from my grandmother.

Maybe next time I will ring in advance and ask if there is someone under 40 that can do the massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th April 2016, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
'she said she would do it and i said maybe ill try somewhere else cos I wasn't keen on getting a HJ from my grandmother.'
Always as rude as that to inoffensive employees?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th April 2016, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: wildpig87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I said "ill try somewhere else" but i didn't say "cos I wasn't keen on getting a HJ from my grandmother" that's just what I was thinking in my head. She didn't seam at all offended that I left.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th November 2016, 01:29 PM
Poster ID: Django87
Post Title: 
 Palm beach massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi 

Establishment : Palm beach massage

Date of Visit : 15/9/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : massagepalmbeach.com.au  0439770166

Hours of Business : 9:30-6:30

Rates : 60/1hr.   35/half hour 

Age : 40

Size/shape : short,fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : massage and happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : would not recommend 

My experience/comments : keep In Mind I visited here at closing time on a Friday night but it was a bad massage. The ml would not stop talking, seemed possibly drunk. I'm not one for a lot of talking during a massage and this was not relaxing. She walked on my back and nearly fell off and when it came to the flip their was no tickle tackle and I couldn't get interested so I left without the finish although it was offered. From my experience o would not recommend but I'm sure it was just bad timing and would probably be better on a second visit which I have not ventured to try.


