Thread Title: Asian Massage - Zillmere (Brisbane Qld) - 0490 211 144
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th March 2016, 10:31 AM
Poster ID: Micka
Post Title: 
 Asian Massage - Zillmere (Brisbane Qld) - 0490 211 144
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Northside Relaxation Massage (Dory)

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 29th March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_5873582...l-massage.html  0490 211 144

Hours of Business : 8.30am - 8pm 7 days per week

Rates : $45/30mins, $55/45 mins, $65/ 60mins ......plus $50 - $100 for extras 

Age : 23

Size/shape : size 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : Normal Massage + hand relief + naked hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : A little expensive, but is quality

My experience/comments : I was looking for a quick 30min lunch time massage close to my work, so I decided to give do a quick search on locanto. I've been to a few of the Asian establishments around me - Ocean Star, but thought I would try a new massage shop. I found one advertised in Zillmere. I actually had a stiff neck so wanted to go for real massage as well. I hoped in my car then called Northside Relaxation Massage, hoping to get a quick massage within my lunch hour. No answer at first, but then received a text message asking when I wanted to book in. I was in the area and asked for a 30min massage ASAP. No problems was the text msg back. I also received another text after this, which said to bring extra cash!...so i knew there were extra's on offer. The house was in the suburbs with no advertising, just house number. I was greated at the door by a shapely young Asian girl. She shuffled me into one of the rooms and we exchanged cash. $45 for 30mins. The girls name was Dory. Very soft sweet voice and sexy smile. She asked what type of massage I was after. I said I was after a combo - hard on the neck and soft around other parts of my body. Sure enough, Dory delivered on my request. I was hoping for some but play, or a least some firmer stroking within my cheeks, to get things flowing....but this was a little light on. So, we do the turn over and I get the request for extra's. Dory said that she can do hand relief (with clothes on) $50, or hand relief with clothes off ($100). I went with option 1! Dory has a nice sensual technique with her strokes and this got me hard very quickly. I didn't ask if I could touch her, but did so anyway. I like to start pretty slow with these sorts of things, so just had my hand caressing her cute shapely ass. As things starting to intensify with the stroking, I then went under her skirt with my hand...no problems. Dory was wearing a G string, so I got to massage her cheeks a lot. I eventually moved down to her crotch area...no response from Dory, so I assumed it was a green light. I eventually got to the outside of her clit, with her G string still on. I flicked and massaged for a few more seconds and this was enough to ignite my explosion! Dory seemed to be enjoying things and moaned a little during the process. She then cleaned me up and I went for a quick shower before heading back to work. There didn't seem to be anyone else in the house, so I assume she is working by herself. A nice lunch time episode. A little on the expensive side, but worth the experience. Dory is easy to talk to and has a glow of sensuality about her!


