Thread Title: Asian Body Rub Rockhampton QLD - 0467 028 968
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2017, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: robchap
Post Title: 
 Asian Body Rub Rockhampton QLD - 0467 028 968
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not sure - Yumi or Yuki

Establishment : Derby St Rockhampton

Date of Visit : 11/03/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0467 028 968

Hours of Business : Anytime it seems (I saw her at 11.30pm)

Rates : 160/hr massage w/ relief

Age : unsure I'd guess under 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : She says Korean

Services Provided : Massage, hand relief, probably full service - see below

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

It was late, I was tired and stressed from work, I finished up at the gym and thought I'd text a few people in the paper to see if i could artprange some stress relief. This girl answered so i had a shower at the gy, and drove over to a house on Derby St near DC Motors.

Now, the picture in the paper didnt show a face and I generally don't expect the pictures to be real from experience but I'm fairly sure they were in this case - the girl that ushered me in was fairly young (I  really cant tell with Asians) slim, pretty and had amazing beautiful long dark hair like the pictures.

Anway we strip down for the massage and she lays me on my front and just lightly drags her fingers all  over me witn teasing to my balls from behind, then starts lightly rubbing her body over me and I can feel her hard nipples rubbing up and down my back along with her beautiful hair which was driving me wild. Not long before we flip and she does the same to my front and kisses me all over and sucks my nipples (a huge turn on for me) then she sucks my balls for a bit and the shaft of my penis. Then she gets up and starts rubbing my penis around her pussy lips, and i'm pretty sure she was trying to upsell full service, but  was tired and communication wasn't quite working.

Anyway she finished me off with her hand whilst i played with her pussy. 

After that she spent the remaining 15 minutes of the session giving me a decent firm massage, so i left at around midnight fully spent, relaxed and ready to go to bed.

So to sum it up a rare worthwhile punt on a cheap asian out of the paper late at night whose pictures were genuine. The gods must have been amiling on me that day.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 10:28 PM
Poster ID: robchap
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bit of a heads up but i tried to contact this girl friday night and today and I'm getting no answer. Hopefully that doesnt mean she's gone already, but it doesn't look good


