Thread Title: Bamboo Panda Massage - Underwood Qld - 0455 495 662
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th January 2015, 07:27 AM
Poster ID: imjustlookin
Post Title: 
 Bamboo Panda Massage - Underwood Qld - 0455 495 662
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia


Establishment : Bamboo Panda Massage

Date of Visit : 4-1-15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Bamboo Panda Massage Underwood, Rochedale, Springwood

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $40/30, $60/60

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : slim, B to C boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage, topless, rnt

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : stopped here after looking for another place on Logan Road which I couldn't find. Short of time as I was on way to airport.
Mia was at reception. Told me the options (all legit at this point). I took 30 mins and paid. She showed me to room. All clean, well presented. Left me to undress. I lay on table and she returns.


Starts massaging my back (has towel over me for some stretching moves) and chatting. I explain I am in a hurry and probably only have 25 minutes. "Oh...OK" she answers. Do you want normal massage or extras? I say extras...but how much. She says $50 for basic T. I say too much. ...$20. She says no. I say $50 nude. We have 5 minutes of negotiating and she says she will do $50 for me topless and I can touch. She tells me that is normally $70.


Anyway on with the massage. Mia does a strong "straight"massage on my back and added in some light touching and tickling which I like. Flipped over and into it. Off comes her top to reveal pert well rounded boobs with that wonderful full Asian nipple. I am happy. She lets me touch but no sucking, licking etc. Also OK with bum and leg touching. Didn't try anything further but suspect may get more touching on subsequent visits...don't think she is up for BJ or FS....but who knows


Anyway Mia has a great technique and with me enjoying playing with her beautiful boobs and nipples, it was all over pretty quickly. She got hot towels and cleaned me up. I dressed and went on my way.


Would be happy to go back again. Mia does a great legit massage to work on the knots and sore bits and does better than average extras. Would be keen to see if the extras improve on second visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th October 2019, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: waterjob
Post Title: 
 Bamboo Panda massage Underwood
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Bamboo Panda Massage 

Date of Visit : 10 October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/1 Welch St, Underwood QLD 4119

Phone : N/A

Hours of Business : 9:30AM - 9PM

Rates : $40 half hr , $40 HJ

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Petite, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ, no touching at all, moves away, poor english, no teasing. Avoid.

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck no.

My experience/comments : Standard massage for about 10-15 mins, then soft light teasing no tick tackle at all. Then asked if I wanted massage on little brother and was offered $50 for standard hj. Then I asked if I could touch but no touching and no other services. Negotiated to $40 after 5 mins of negotiation by the time I wasnt in the mood. PWas asked to pay first so thats a major turn off. 

WiR, no, she was pretty however but very fresh chinese girl not my type at all. She basically stared at willy until he spewed and she even said thank god. Seems she hates her job but loves the money.


