Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th December 2014, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: yibbayabba
Post Title: 
 Bel Air Oriental Oriental Massage - 3/2623 Gold Coast Hwy, Broadbeach Qld - 0413 825 091
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy 

Establishment : Bel Air Oriental Oriental Massage (Under Bel Air Resort)

Date of Visit : 20th December 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2623 Gold Coast highway Broadbeach 

Hours of Business : not sure 

Rates : $60 for hour massage $20 for HE 

Age : lat 20's 

Size/shape : Slim good looking 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : Massage and Happy Ending 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : Ok I have been here twice now and the first time was mediocre. First time Came in paid for the massage jumped in the room (doors and walls to ceiling) so thought I was onto a good thing. Stripped off and a slightly chubby girl came in...nice enough massage and reasonable skill but no tackle tickle or anything. On the flip rubbing the legs, big boner but still no action so I ask and then she goes and gets another girl. Which gives me the shits a bit but hey I still got what I wanted. New chick came in skinny reasonably attractive gave a good but quick rub....$20 and everyone is happy. She said you ask for me next time ok and told me her name but as soon as I walked out i had forgotten. 

Anyway went back for another try hoping to get someone better. Got Cindy this time. I thought things were looking up, reasonably attractive and wearing a dress reasonably short and tight....aslways a good sign more is on offer. 

As usual stripped off left $20 placed obviously on top of my clothes to signal what i was after. Nice massage but again not much tackle tickle...I love lots of ball tickling to get warmed u for the flip. Anyway after a few sly rubs but no too much, flipped over and started the front rub. She still didnt grab the little fella so I gave her ass a squeeze and she knew straight away it was time to rub one out. Gave a great tug and cleaned me up and was out of there. 

Pretty good experience second time around. I would go back again. It is not as good as Asian Star in Tweed but it is a lot closer to home for me and easier to sneak a quick rub in outside of family duties. 

Not sure of any more is on offer I guess time will tell. 

Give it a try.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2014, 06:11 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by yibbayabba


Person's Name : Cindy 

Establishment : Oriental Massage (Under Bel Air Resort)

Date of Visit : 20th December 
.

"""



Thank you for your review yibbayabba.

Good review.

Is there any chance that this business is 





			
				Bel Air Oriental Massage
Queensland, Broadbeach
Shop3/2623 Gold Coast Highway
邮政编码: 4218
Open today

    9:00 am - 7:00 pm

bel-air-health-beauty.com
0413 825 091
			
		

Also listed as "Lyn's Oriental Massage" ?

https://www.google.com.au/maps/place...e7f6aa56cd6374


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st December 2014, 11:57 AM
Poster ID: yibbayabba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Fartichoke yes this is the place. 

The name Lyn's was the previous establishment (note nothing extra previously on offer) in the same location. Obviously closed because they didnt offer that the client wanted.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th April 2015, 09:12 PM
Poster ID: yibbayabba
Post Title: 
 Bel Air Oriental Massage Broadbeach -0413 825 091
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy 

Establishment : Bel Air Oriental Massage

Date of Visit : 11th April 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Broadbeach Shop3/2623 Gold Coast Highway

Hours of Business : ??

Rates : 30 for 30 Mins massage  + $20 HE.....$60 for 60 mins massage 

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Decent body with nice form arse 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : Massage + HE 

Value for money/recommend? : Yea not bad

My experience/comments : 

Been here a few time now and had a bit of a mixed bag. Booked an hours massage and got Cindy pretty cute girl from Taiwan, stripped off and laid down and left the $20 sitting on top of my clothes so she knew I was up for extras. 

Massage was firm and decent but not the best massage I have ever had. After a while she did start giving some good drive byes between the legs to get things warmed up. 

On the flip and started to take care if the little man and gave a great cock rub with lots of ball play. She was wearing nice short denim pants and was happy for me to rub her arse and between her legs. Great firm body. 

Everything finished up all happy. and out I go. 

Only complaint is they never clean up the oil well so you walk out of there covered in the stuff....definitely need a shower before going anywhere near the Mrs which is not always convenient.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th April 2015, 07:34 AM
Poster ID: yibbayabba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shit didn't even realise I had reviewed Cindy before....anyway the place if worth a visit....have never had more than a HE but have never asked!


