Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2014, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: MsAnonymouse
Post Title: 
 Chinese Full Body Rub - 4/106 Bundall Rd, Bundall Qld - 0407 433 981
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : Chinese Full Body Massage

Date of Visit : 22/12/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 106 Bundall road, in the block of buildings that has Jetts fitness at the front. The massage joint is the last or second last shop.

Hours of Business : 9 - Late

Rates : $60 / 30 min

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : Medium build, D cups. Naturally large tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided : Topless Massage, RNT, Touching

Value for money/recommend?: Recommended

My experience/comments : I've only visited this place once, but on my visit I got the 'have you been here before?', which I confidently replied 'yep multiple times'. I got taken to a room, and asked to take off all my clothes. Anne didn't leave the room while I was changing, when i get down to my undies I went to lay down on the massage table but she actually requested I take off my underwear too.
I happily complied with her request and from that point I knew I was going to have a good massage.
First 15 minutes was a gentle massage and small chat about life, nothing too personal but she held a decent conversation. She used oils and slowly started to work down towards my crack. At about the 15 minute mark she asked me to turn over. Without me even asking she took off her top, no request for money, she just did it.

She lubed up on my member and started going at it, and allowed me to touch anywhere on her body I wanted to. Sadly I came very quickly within 3-4 minutes I'd say. After the explosion she cleaned me and was done. So the massage ended up only going for about 20 minutes.
I ended up tipping her an extra $20 as I really enjoyed it.

I can easily recommend this place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st September 2015, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: Myuzername
Post Title: 
 Chinese Therapeutic Massage - Bundall - 0407 433 981
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sally

Establishment : Chinese Therapeutic Massage 

Date of Visit : 01/09/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 106 Bundall Rd, Bundall 4217 Phone 0407433981 

Hours of Business : 9am till Late

Rates : $110 45min 

Age : 30

Size/shape : Slim, size 8, C cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, RnT, Nude

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Went there after finding it through another review on this site. Walked in, no waiting, was shown straight into a room, fairly large, full height walls and normal doors. Sally waited in the room while I undressed, and I laid face down on the table. Initially she put a towel over my legs and buttocks, and start massaging my back and shoulders. She knew her stuff, found all my knots and worked away at them. After a short while she asked if I wanted a happy or normal massage, a professional way to work out where she was headed with the massage I thought. With my 'happy' answer the towel was removed and she continued massaging for a few more minutes. Then I was asked to turn over and the massage moved into new territory. It was then I asked if she would mind going topless, to which she walked away for a moment and returned naked. She encouraged touching and did a magic job of the rub n tug, making it last and feel great. When I had finished, she cleaned me, put her dress back on and then massaged my head and feet to make sure I got the 45 minutes I agreed on at the start. I was also offered a shower at the end which I accepted. All up it was $110 and I left satisfied.  Will definitely go there again. I never asked her age, but I'd guess about 30 or maybe a tad younger, and she was a slim build with very smooth and soft skin.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st September 2015, 07:24 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your first review Myusername. Can you supply a phone number for this business please, and any links you have to web advertising. Just a reminder that contact details especially phone numbers are essential when posting a review. 
Please do not post your reviews in the  new members section. This only for Reg Users seeking free membership. Bronze members should post their reviews of Therapeutic Massage Parlours in the Bronze Lounge, all other reviews in the appropriate place in the main forum.


nextlife


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd September 2015, 11:44 AM
Poster ID: Myuzername
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, I did write down the phone number, just forgot to post it above.  It's 0407433981


