Thread Title: Chinese Massage - 172 Scarborough St, Southport Qld - 0413 633 996
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th March 2014, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: jonagger
Post Title: 
 Chinese Massage - 172 Scarborough St, Southport Qld - 0413 633 996
				
Post Content: 
Establishment: Chinese Massage, 172 Scarborough Street, Southport, Gold Coast

Phone Number: 0413 633 996

Masseuse: Cathy

Business Hours: 9am to 9pm

Rate: $50 per half hour for basic massage

Date of visit: 25th February

Age: late twenties

Nationality: Chinese

Size and shape: Stunning body with stunning natural firm medium size firm boobs

Service: Massage and HJ

Value for money: Absolutely

My Experience:

It is one of the better places on the Gold Coast with a reasonable ambiance and nice and private with large rooms so you feel comfortable from the start.
Cathy was in the room from the start so gave her $20 to get her top and dress of (left panties on) and grabbed hold of her boobs. That got me going. After a very short massage she lay on the massage table with me.
After lots of playing and sucking on her tits had the best happy ending ever. She is stunning and obliging - a great combination.

I went back on 13/3 but she was in Sydney and will return on 22/3 but I was told that she will be returning to Hong Kong soon as her Oz visa is due to expire so get in quick guys.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd December 2015, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: Afternoonsun
Post Title: 
 Coco - Chinese Massage, Scarborough Street Southport
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 22/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 1/172 Scarborough Street, Southport 0416 128 306 https://www.facebook.com/Chinese-Mas...6900185362899/

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $50 for 30 mins massage including HJ (plus I paid $20 for topless)

Age : mid-30s

Size/shape : size 8/10, C/D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ, topless

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This was the first massage place I visited when I moved to the GC a few years ago, and had a great experience.  I never went back though, mainly as the entrance is so conscipious - its on a main road, you have to go up stairs and ring the bell and wait until someone comes to the door. 

So I rang the bell and a lady in at least her late 50s/60s answered the door.  I was quickly thinking of excuses to leave, as she led me into a massage room.  I asked if any other girls were available, she said "coco" and went and got her.  I didn't know if she was actually going to do the massage or was just the mamasan.  So Coco came in with a beaming smile, she looked pretty hot in a pretty dress so I paid for my 30 mins.

She asked if I wanted hard or soft, I said soft and she said "so you want a sexy massage" so that boded well.  Her massage was not so much a massage, as 20 minutes of teasing, running her hands up and down my thighs, over my balls repeatedly, even giving my hard cock a few strokes from the side.  If you want a pro massage this girl is not for you, however if you want a sexual massage then this was great! 

On the turn over, she became increasingly flirtatious, I paid her $20 for her to go topless.  She stripped down to her g-string.  She had medium-large breasts with big dark suckable nipples, and a really nice arse.  She was more than happy for me to suck her nipples which she clearly enjoyed, while she was gently playing with my balls.  She didn't rush at all, took a lot of time touching and stroking before applying oil and starting the HJ.  She took it slowly, slowly increasing the tempo while I continued to suck her nipples and stroke her lovely arse.  Not long before I blew, and she cleaned me up.

While she was on the older side, her skills were great and the experience was unrushed.  I also get the feeling that more may be on offer in time, but YMMV.  She was a really friendly girl who smiled throughout.  I might return but just wish the shop wasn't so visible from the road!

EDIT: A big plus for this place is the large private rooms.


