Thread Title: Chu - Toowong Massage City - 0421 920 542
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th December 2015, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: YoungPunter
Post Title: 
 Chu - Toowong Massage City - 0421 920 542
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chu? Dosn't really talk much.

Establishment : Toowong Massage City

Date of Visit : 14/09/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/57 high street - 04 21920 542

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : 30/$80

Age : 45..ish

Size/shape : 13 Bit Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah

My experience/comments : 
 Its alright for money , left happyish would be better if ml was younger
Works 7 days a week What happened was the basic deal, the lines are rather inforced on what they will and wont do. You can touch but not bottom half or without clothes, (not that youd really want too). Ml average middle aged asian laddies , some are a little plump. Price is inclusive so rather cheap and you sort of get what you pay for. 
Further Comments: the oil they use makes you smell like a fish and chip shop. No wipe down of oil ,which dosn't help the previous problem.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th May 2017, 09:20 PM
Poster ID: InnocentDave
Post Title: 
 Kaye - Toowong Massage City - 0421 920 542
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kaye

Establishment : Toowong Massage City

Date of Visit : April, around Easter

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : On High Street next to H&R Block Tax Accountants

Hours of Business : 9am - 8:30pm

Rates : $50/hr + $100 Extras

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Tall and athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese with Russian mix

Services Provided : Massage + mutual masturbation + dirty talk

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
I was in Brisbane for a business trip. Was craving for the touch of an oriental woman, so I turned on my wechat and searched for available ladies. I settled on Toowong Massage, because they said that a woman has both Russian and Chinese heritage. It sounded hot, and it was.

The establishment is below average. I saw some of the other girls, and they were nothing to write home about. However, after I walked in, I immediately saw Kaye, the Chinese/Russian mix. Her grandmother is Russian, so she looks more Asian than white. She had a tight school uniform on, and I knew I made the right choice.

The massage started off pretty standard, but it took a turn for the erotic when I asked her about her boyfriend. She said that she doesn't have a boyfriend, but she has several sugar daddies. She then describes how she takes a white cock versus an Asian cock. During this conversation, she was massaging my legs and from time to time would tickle the tip of my penis. She flipped me over and was greeted with a full salute. She asked if I wanted extras, and I said sure. 

I was initially daunted by the $100 extra. It was steep and quite risky, because I had no idea what her boundaries were. But I quickly found out that she virtually had no boundaries except for BJ and FS. She was stroking my penis and I was massaging her clit with two fingers inserted into her pussy. She was wet. I showed her my wet fingers and she smiled. We did some DFK, and she quickened her tempo on my cock. You know what happened next. 

There are some things that she mentioned, but I have not been able to verify. I will write about it here. She said that she does offer FS for regular customers, but she did warn me that it would cost more. From what I gather, she also meets clients outside of the parlor. She mentioned that she used to live in Melbourne and was an escort there.


