Thread Title: Dahr - Grand Spa Thai, Loganholme - 1800 628 656
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2020, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: cjh
Post Title: 
 Dahr - Grand Spa Thai, Loganholme - 1800 628 656
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dahr

Establishment : GrandSpa Thai

Date of Visit : Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Redland Bay Rd, Loganholme

Phone :1800 628 656

Hours of Business : no idea

Rates : $70 / hr

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : Short, average build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was in this area for work & noticed the sign as I drove past on my way to an appointment. As The meeting was over quickly I decided to give them a try, so I stopped and walked in. I was met at the reception area by the only person there,  Dahr. Immediately she was bright & bubbly.

When she took me into the treatment area I was a little worried as they had only curtains, not proper partitions. Oh well I was there, I may as well get a massage. Living in hope I stripped off fully. What a massage, extremely good, but with no real tackle tickle, just a couple of very light brushes, that I was staring to think were accidental.

In the flip here great smile & bouncing mammaries were getting little me interested, but once a again, no real signs. When she asked was she massaging too firmly I took a punt & told her no, it is great (which it was) & tried the old favourite, could I return the favour.  This got a big smile & giggle & she said yes, OK. Took off her knickerbockers, but left the rest on & onto the table she was. Needless to say I was disappointed, but on with the show. She really got into a leg massage and her kness spread, working higher she did not object to her panties being moved sideways for massage access to her butt, of course lower back was an issue, but she soon removed her shirt.

On her flip she was definitely interested so I removed last couple of bits of cloth & went to town, what a beautiful landing strip she has.

Needless to say a great time was had by all.

She made it very clear that extras were normally not available, but she wanted a massage as she had a sore shoulder & we were the only ones there.

WIR - yes


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th April 2020, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: cjh
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucky

Establishment : GrandSpa Thai

Date of Visit : Late Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Redland Bay Rd, Loganholme

Phone :1800 628 656

Hours of Business : no idea

Rates : $70 / hr

Age : 20ish

Size/shape : Tall, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai ?

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : maybe

My experience/comments :   After my great experience a couple of weeks earlier I returned to here, again just a walk in as I was again in the area for work. Sadly Dahr was not in, but wow, the young lady who was there is absolutely stunning, wear a very tight stretchy sheath type dress little me took over the thinking straight away.
Into the treatment area, gear off & onto the table. 

Once again a massage with no hint of extras, but a reasonable massage anyway, but not as good as the one from Dahr. On the flip I was little me was very interested. Lucky noticed and giggled giving the universal hand sign. Yes please, but she would not even think about disrobing, much to my frustration. In face she even avoided letting a wandering hand fondle her, very disappointing.  At the job was done, but do frustrated I could not get her gear off.

Will have to go back after all this is over & try again I think. Perhaps green will help if offered in place of requested yellow


