Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th April 2014, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: saltifish
Post Title: 
 Elly's Beauty Therapy - Shop 5/31 Station St, Nerang - 07 5500 4335 / 0405 125 704
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elly or Jenni

Establishment : Elly's Beauty Therapy

Date of Visit : 26/04/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 5/31 Station Street, Nerang 

Hours of Business : 7 days, 9am till late

Rates : opening special $30 half hour, $50 for hour

Age : about early 30's

Size/shape : thin 5'5"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, hj full nude for extra $50

Value for money/recommend? : yes, lovely soft hands and happy personality

My experience/comments : This asian massage shop has only been open 2 weeks according to Elly the manager so I thought they would be keen to satisfy customers and retain return patronage. I could smell the shop almost from the street because of the smell of massage oil which always attracts me.  The present opening special is $30 for the half hour and it's an extra $20 for hj or extra $50 fully nude with hj.  I asked her if she did the massage or other girls, she said she has 4 girls working there from china, taiwan and hong kong.  I asked to c the girl and she called to Jenni and she came out for my viewing.. not really my type as she has tattoos on her thighs and far to suntanned but was skinny and quite pretty but was the only one available so took her anyway.  She lead me into a cubicle room and asked me to undress and lie down, was polite enough to return quickly and knocked on the door and asked if I was ready.  The tables r wide and comfortable and towels seemed fresh.  She oiled me up and asked if I like hard, medium or soft.  I said hard but was a very soft massage.  I think she's a bit lazy and not really interested but didn't get to find out much more about her as after about 10mins she started talking to another girl in mandarin about something and suddenly left and Elly came in and continued the massage.
Elly immediately started around my inner thight and gentle strokes under my hips as if she was trying to reach my cock which really got me going as it always does.  She continued on with the gentle, teasing stroking and finally asked me to turn over and gestured if I wanted hj and it was $20 more which I agreed to immediately as my cock was in her lovely soft fingers and gently masturbating me.
she then oiled her hands more and started with the hj while I reached up her legs and felt her ass and inner thighs which were very soft and smooth but wouldn't let me put my fingers under her panites.  Was very nice to have her hj and hold onto her cute little bottom.  Elly has a great sexy body with clear fair skin and is skinny too. Nice face and good smile and seems happy.
Cleaned me up with a wet towel and was on my way.  Overall, not a bad experience and would like to try the other 2 girls sometime as well.  As I was leaving, other punters were waiting in the reception so looks like they r busy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th April 2014, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey mods . it appears the above review by saltfish is posted under the wrong address.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th April 2014, 04:53 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry see what u mean


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th April 2014, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: 
 Elly's Beauty Therapy - Nerang - 07 5500 4335
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy at first (I think)

Establishment : Elly's Beauty Therapy

Date of Visit : 21/04/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 5/31 Station Street, Nerang 07 55004335

Hours of Business : 7 days, 9am till late

Rates : opening special $30 half hour, $50 for hour

Age : early to mid 20's

Size/shape : thin 5'5"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, hj $20 extra didn't ask about more

Value for money/recommend? : yes / yes

Details: As was posted elsewhere by another punter I thought I would try this place as it was new and should be keen for business. The receptionist was very nice and easy to talk to - must see if she does massages too... Anyway she called out a nice slim young Taiwanese girl - Amy I think - who led me to the room. Friendly, a bit of pleasant chatting. Nice massage, then asked to roll over. She gestured to ask about a HJ and I nodded but she said she was too shy to do this and she would get another girl to finish. I was somewhat disappointed as I had imagined holding this cute young girls butt while she finished the massage. Anyway the replacement was a MLC girl probably mid 30's - OK but I wouldn't go there to see her. $20 and the job was finished. Still good value for money but next time I will ask to see the girl and make sure she is not going to run away at the end.
Positives - there were some cute girls there, $50 massage and HJ is good value - though there are lots of shops here on the GC charging the same. 
Negatives - the walls of the rooms didn't go to the ceiling, so you could clearly hear others speaking.
Will go there again as there were cute girls....


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th May 2014, 06:18 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by caybee


Hey mods . it appears the above review by saltfish is posted under the wrong address
"""



Saltfish has also asked for it to move.

Sorted.


