Thread Title: Fantasia Massage Parlour - Mermaid Beach, QLD - 566 128 54
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th December 2015, 01:10 AM
Poster ID: xSiteU
Post Title: 
 Fantasia Massage Parlour - Mermaid Beach, QLD - 566 128 54
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unsure

Establishment : Fantasia Massage Parlour

Date of Visit : 28/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2468  Gold Coast Hwy,Mermaid Beach

Hours of Business : 9-7pm

Rates : $30 for 30 mins massage (apparently they start from $30)

Age : mid-late 40's

Size/shape : Out of shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : n/a 

Value for money/recommend? : Not this time

My experience/comments : I've only just discovered the world of massage (mostly out of necessity - stiff neck and shoulders), however my last few punts have been very unfortunate. So if anyone has some tips they'd like to impart, I'd be more than to take them on board. Either that or my expectations are too high. 

So I was in the area and decided to drop by Fantasia, given all the great reviews it's been getting. I was greeted by a pleasant Asian lady who looked to be in her mid to late 40's, wearing mostly gym attire (although I'm not entirely convinced she's ever seen the inside of one). At this point I'm ready to turn and walk, and then I see a cute ML walk-by and greet me with a nice smile. In my head I'm thinking I hope she is the one giving me the massage. Anyway I exchange money for 30 mins with the older lady and she leads me into a very dimly lit room at the end of the hallway. She leaves and I undress and set myself up on the massage table. Not long after there's a knock at the door and in comes the gym-junkie. I literally felt my little man crawl up inside (maybe not literally, but it felt that way). Anyway, the massage began and if there are any positives to take from this experience I must say it was a good firm massage, with lots of technique, but that's where it stopped. Half way through she asked if I would like a massage down there, to which I politely declined. I left $30 lighter and a little blue. But hopefully next time I'll have better luck.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2015, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
xSiteU, Always get the name of the provider, as reviews without a name are not much use to our members.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2016, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: beat1964
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I also have been and was not happy there.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd February 2016, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by beat1964


I also have been and was not happy there
"""



If your experience was recent, say the last three months it is probably better to post your review so we understand the reason for your unhappiness, beat1964


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th March 2016, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: t_james
Post Title: 
 Fantasia Massage Mermaid Beach, Gold Coast - 5661 2854
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Becca

Establishment : FantAsia Massage

Date of Visit : 9/03/16

Contact Details/Address: Shop 7 / 2468 GC Highway Mermaid Beach. 5661 2854. Look for "FantAsia Massage" red entrance shop next door to Legend Cutz hairdressers

Hours of Business : 8:30am - 11pm 7 days

Rates : $30 1/2hr, $50 1hr. $60 1/2hr with 2 girls, $100 1hr with 2 girls (Cash Only)

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : Size 12, Short with D cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese/Korean

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : No not becca again

My experience/comments : Having been a semi regular to this establishment, I have found their is a high turnover of new girls coming through. Some of the girls do stay for longer periods. On arrival I was greeted by nicely dressed hot little number, which got me excited for what was to come, she showed me to my room I handed over the $50 for one hour and she asked me to take clothes off and lay down. I wish now I asked for her name. Anyway I was lying their for at least 5 minutes before someone returned and asked for soft medium or hard massage and i asked for a medium. She then put a towel down to cover my bum which I thought was odd, then she began the massage which was average at best. 

After finishing back she moved onto legs, and massage did not get any better down here, she seemed to focus on the back of my knees with some great force and in the end I had to ask her to stop because it was quite painfull. After that she gave me the hot towel rub down and she asked me to flip over. As I did she again covered my tackle which again was odd but what was more of a let down, the girl that had shown me in hadn't carried out the massage. It was a much older chubbier girl though she did have quite large boobs. She began massaging my chest and stomach with stray hands going under the towel which is when she asked if I wanted extra massage. I just opted for a HJ which was an extra $30. HJ was pretty good but was still disappointing that the girl that showed me in wasn't carrying it out. After I had finished she wiped my front down with a hot towel and that was the end of that. 

Overall it is a good establishment with parking out the back just it was a bit of a miss with this Masseuse.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd April 2016, 11:02 PM
Poster ID: beat1964
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have been there too and won't be going back 


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th April 2016, 08:55 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by beat1964


I have been there too and won't be going back 


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatal
"""



You can still post a template review ...reports of ordinary/bad punts are just as useful to our members as the good ones.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th February 2017, 06:42 PM
Poster ID: chubsy
Post Title: 
 Emma - FantAsia Massage Gold Coast - 07 5661 2854
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : FantAsia Massage

Date of Visit : Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2468 GC Highway Mermaid Beach QLD

Hours of Business : Not sure went mid afternoon

Rates : $60 plus $80

Age : 22

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Had a trip up to the Gold Coast with the boys for a bit of r and r and thought it would be a good time to get back into punting and try the locals. I had a chat to the concierge at the hotel we were staying and asked it he knew of any good massage places. He suggested FantAsia and off we went. FantAsia is located right on the highway and next to a bar/cafe and bus stop so there is no discrete entrance. Anyway walk in and the receptionist ask how long i said 1 hour and she told me to wait as the girls are busy. While I was waiting the receptionist comes back and shows me to the room and tells me to strip off completely. I strip and lay on the table waiting to one of the girls to come in. I was hoping the receptionist would be my masseuse as she was hot.  In walks in the receptionist again and tells me she is my girl for the next hour. Bingo. She starts the massage which was quite firm, probably the best massage I have had. She massaged every part of my back and legs. At this stage I'm enjoying the massage but there was no sensuality to it at all. Time to flip and I'm thinking WTF, I been recommended to home here and so far there is nothing. But, then the fun started, Emma asked me if I would you like something more sensual. Obviously I said yes. She then asked for $80.00 for full nude and hj. I said ok and she strips of to show my her beautiful curvy body with this massive dragon tattoo going from her shoulder down to her thigh. She continues with the massage on my front as well as playing with the old fella. I'm playing with her tits but wont give me full access to the full grown pus. All good not stressed about the puss. The she starts the most unbelievable slow tug. This goes on for about 10 min before I explode all over her hands and tits. What was funny was that we I came she screeched and couldn't believe how much cum I had. She continued the the tug for a little longer then got some warm towels to clean me up. All in all $140.00 for an hour this the beautiful girl. Next time I'm on the GC i'm definately going back.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 21st November 2019, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: nhoj1234
Post Title: 
 FantAsia
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : JoJo

Establishment : FantAsia

Date of Visit : 18 November 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_...s-Arrived.html
Shop 7 / 2468 GC Highway Mermaid Beach


Phone :5661 2854

Hours of Business : 8.30 /11

Rates : $65 for 1 hour
$35 for 1/2 hour
$95 for 1.5 hour (90 minutes)
$130 for 2 hour (120 minutes)

Age : hard to tell but not young

Size/shape : good body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : Massage nude hi

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Nothing in the Locanto was true apart from the cost.
 Being from NSW (lost an hour with no daylight saving in Queensland) and having limited time I rang right on opening time and got the only one available.
Booked half hour and she started massage with oil but mostly using her forearms and elbows but with no straying from the script.
At turnover she popped the question $50 nude so agreed.
She striped and had a good body with large nips and she proceeded with the job. She allowed a little playing down below after she wiped my hands  so it was all very clinical but would not do any anal massage.
In all not a satisfying experience.


