Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd January 2018, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: Afternoonsun
Post Title: 
 Grace -  43 Wharf Street Tweed Heads -  07 5536 7578 / 0410 016 222
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Grace

Establishment : 43 Wharf Street Tweed Heads

Date of Visit : 03/01/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_1002274...-services.html

Hours of Business : 8am to 9pm

Rates : $40 for 30 mins; $30 for HJ

Age : late thirties/early forties

Size/shape : Slim, petite, boyish, short hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me.

My experience/comments : 

I was in the mood for a massage, I walked into Oriental Star down the road (also on Wharf St) as I've had some pretty good experiences there but they were busy, so thought that I'd try this one out.

I walked in and was greeted by Grace who I was hoping wasn't going to do the massage as her looks didn't do it for me, but there was no one else around.  I thought that she was in her mid-40s when I first met her, but during the massage I realised that she was possibly 10 years younger - hard to gauge.  I was going to walk out but couldn't think on my feet fast enough for an excuse so just went with it.  

The massage itself was pretty decent although she left the room about 3 times to greet customers.  It was a firm massage and involved her lying on me at various points with elbows here and there.  There were a few little teasing strokes here and there but nothing too sensual.

Before I turned over she checked if I wanted a HJ and I agreed.  It started off being promising with slow movements but soon became an all-out pumping frenzy which didn't really do it for me.  She allowed light touching over clothes and declined my requests off topless or BJ.  She didn't really look at me during the HJ and her boyish looks didn't help.  In the end she couldn't get me over the line.
Disappointing, I wish that I had gone to Oriental Star, their service is normally really good with younger more attractive girls ($60 all inclusive massage for 30 mins).


