Thread Title: Happy Oriental Massage, 1916 Gold Coast Hwy, Burleigh Heads, QLD - 07 5535 1282
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2016, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: likeitalot
Post Title: 
 Happy Oriental Massage, 1916 Gold Coast Hwy, Burleigh Heads, QLD - 07 5535 1282
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didi

Establishment : Happy Oriental Massage

Date of Visit : 13th March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 07 5535 1282 / 1916 Gold Coast Hwy, Burleigh Heads

Hours of Business : 9am to 8pm, 7 days

Rates : $60 hr massage + extras

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : Petite Size 8, Slim, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not Really this time

My experience/comments : This is my first review of a massage service after a few months of trying different clinics and doing research on this site through the paid membership, thanks to all posters for your contributions and happy to now share my experiences.

This is about my 10th visit to Happy Oriental and I must say, it's gone down hill in my opinion.  Entrance straight off the highway with limited street parking but a large car park at Miami One and short walk from there.  This clinic has about 4 massage rooms.  I was greeted at the counter by a nice enough but sloppily dressed girl and went through the usual routine of how long I wanted.  I felt like a decent massage this day and opted for the $60 60min massage and was shown to the room at the very back, subtle lighting and away from the street make this room better than the others.  All rooms have lockable floor to ceiling doors, so it's obvious right away that extras are on the agenda here.

I was shown to the room by the sloppily dressed girl, offered a water and told to undress and lie on the table.  This place is always clean and tidy with fresh towels, which is great.  I then heard some coughing and spluttering outside and dreaded what was coming next.  In came Didi, and she was clearly not her best, with a few snorts and coughs- almost enough to put me off the whole thing, but she seemed to suppress it quickly and so I thought, OK, let's try and relax!

The massage was ok without being great, it got better when she hopped up on the table and put her full weight into my back, I like a hard massage.  After about 45 mins, Didi tapped me on the shoulder and motioned for the HJ, extra $20, and so I agreed and she asked me to flip over.  She then asked me if I wanted her topless for another $20, and I guess in the moment I couldn't say no, so what the heck, sure lets go with the naked HJ for $40.  Didi is late thirties with b cups so nothing too exciting, and the HJ was of the more mechanical variety which is barely a step up from rubbing one out at home in my opinion.  With the mechanical HJ it took a while for me to cum around to the idea but got there in the end!

She asked if I wanted her to clean me up, which surprised me, as this is usually part of the routine in these places, so of course I said yes, but she really didn't get all the oil off, mainly just the fresh load.  I got dressed and gave her the $40 (I always feel like I need a cash float walking into these joints to avoid having to ask for change!) and I was on my way.

I am writing another review for a different massage clinic today as well, but do not have time to post about the other 15 odd visits I've made to this place and various others.  So in summary, I believe this clinic has changed hands in the last couple of months, as previously they used to charge $80 per hour with the HJ included (not disclosed but certainly included), and now they charge $60, plus the tip.  My best experiences here were late 2015 on 2 seperate occasions with Coco and then Baby, so I would strongly recommend either of them for a great massage and HE.  I have phoned and asked for them with no joy on a few occasions now.  Baby was young, hot and keen, so I'm on a mission to find her somewhere again!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd April 2016, 10:59 PM
Poster ID: beat1964
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good to know thanks 


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


