Thread Title: Health Oriental Therapy - Southport -  0432 148 826
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th July 2018, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: forex
Post Title: 
 Health Oriental Therapy - Southport -  0432 148 826
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicky

Establishment : Health Oriental Therapy

Date of Visit : 6-07-18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6-116 Scarborough st ( enter Hicks st ) Southport 0432148826

Hours of Business : hmmm open until 9pm friday sat thats all i know

Rates : $50 half hour massage rate- plus $150  full service

Age : 24

Size/shape : sexy really sexy nice natural perky D cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indonesian half Dutch - Looks filipino/ thai

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : ohh yes

My experience/comments : 

7.30- 8pm friday night I drove past two closed parlours in Bundall so i thought i'll head to South Port as im driving along Scarborough st I seen down a side street a little parlour so thought i would check it out . Parked out the front , opened door and seen a 9/10 short busty lil stunner behind the counter , great tits dressed hot , I got hard straight away she seen too. Went in room lay down she came in started massage , cracked my back and talked with me the whole time , Nice girl. asked if she had a aussie bf ( i always ask this ) . She said she was seeing a dick but said all he wanted was sex i laughed and said sounds like me . She then gets a Phone call and answered , she was only girl there and i could hear everything the young guy on the phone said he asked if the girls there do blowjob , she said she dosent but he needs to talk to the girl in person . After she hung up i started talking about it and asked what other service she provided she said ''other stuff '' . i Straight out asked her for full service she said how much i said 100 she laughed so i said 150 she said ok but wanted to check my cock to see if it was clean . All good passed her the cash and i thought she had condoms and she thought i had them . she gave my money back and said just lay down and ill give you a naked handy . Bullshit not now i want pussy , I standing there nude slowly jerking myself looking at her and negotiating our next move lol . I said ok ill go to the servo and buy some frangers but she has to close the shop up for me when i get back she said ok and wanted a can of coke too lol. 7 mins later im back , i grab the open sign spin that bad boy over . throw the cash at the counter and she stripped off, Yummy body perky big tits flat stomach and awesome arse . Fucked her in pile driver for about 3 mins then flipped her to doggy all on the massage table . Good pussy and she loved my cock too . she then wanted mish again so she flipped back over and i finished. 

She said there all youngish and hot there she is the youngest at 24 but oldest at 35ish . said to come after 7pm because business next to them are only thin walls not even brick . i wasnt even aloud to spank her cause it made to much noise. she dosent know what the other girls do . Im pretty clean cut and confident and i was joking and laughing with her before sex came up and when i asked for it she hesitated . so not sure if she will do for everyone.

To me she was a 9/10 but dressed sexy and classy . either way i wanted to bang as soon as i seen her.   

Give it a go Lads then let me know how you went


