Thread Title: Hotel Ashmore -Gold Coast
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th September 2015, 12:06 AM
Poster ID: ducati996guy
Post Title: 
 Hotel Ashmore -Gold Coast
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amie

Establishment : Was private advert, works from a Marvin hotel? Ashmore

Date of Visit : 20 Aug 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Gold Coast Bulletin Classifieds, included a picture which surprise, wasnt her. 

Hours of Business : seems all hours

Rates : $100 for 30 mins

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Slightly chubby Asian

Nationality or Ethnicity : Says she is Vietnamese, but I tried my Viet on her and it went nowhere

Services Provided : FUll but rushed

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments : 

Saw an advert and thought this might be wortha  shot. Had a nice picture in white underwear, said was Vietnamese girl. I rang and we spoke. Sounded ok on the ohone. I asked if she could wear the white underwear. No problems.

The funniest thing about this punt and really the only high point, was I went to the wrong address. There are 2 hotels about 50 meters apart and I went to the wrong one. I knocked for ages on room 1. Finally the manager came out and said you want the other hotel mate, room 1 is where she is at. Oops! My guess is this happens a lot. :-)

When I finally got to the right place, door was opened and she is wearing a crappy red outfit. Really worn out and she was not that pretty. She had a very unwelcoming look on her face and I felt like I was an inconveniece more than anything. I asked about the white underwear and she had no idea what I was talking about.

Hmmmm I decided to take one for the team. 

We did the money thing for 30 mins. I showered and and came out. We laid down on the bed and she was all business. Grabbed me even though I wasnt hard and tried to put the dom on. I stopped her and started to feel her body. Then I said how about a massage first?

She agreed and  laid down. I got 5 mins of the worst massage ever. I said stop in the end and laid her down. At least by massaging her I was going to get hard. Eventually this started to work and I rolled over so she could put the dom on. She sucked me for about 1 minute and then said enough?

I was so over the whole thing by then I said yes. her technique was terrible and her interest very low. We swapped and she laid down. I asked her to roll over so we could do doggy and she was like "no way". So we started in missionary.  Right form the start, even when I just had the head in, she was complaining. Hurting hurting and pushing me away while she slid up the bed.

By then I was not impressed so I pushed in as far as she would let me (about half way) stroked in and out until I came. Then jumped up and had a shower.

She was one of the worst punts I have ever had. Really bad.

Anyway if you are looking through the Gold Coast bulletin adverts, and you see a girl with white underwear in the pic and claiming to be Vietnamese. give it a miss.

Thanks
Ducati


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th September 2015, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Phone number? 
Reviews without contact details are useless to our members, and dont count in assessment for Bronze members promotion to Silver.


