Thread Title: Jessie - Jowett St, Coomera - 0490 772 724
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th August 2017, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: Afternoonsun
Post Title: 
 Jessie - Jowett St, Coomera - 0490 772 724
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : 21 Jowett St, Coomera

Date of Visit : 06/08/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...ing-girls.html

Hours of Business : 9am to 7pm 

Rates : $50 30 mins massage

Age : in twenties

Size/shape : size 10 maybe?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, topless, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : maybe

My experience/comments :

I've been to this place once before and had a decent experience (from a Colombian girl).  Today I returned and got a massage from a young taiwanese girl called Jessie.

This place is a residential house opposite a shopping precinct, and is pretty discreet. Plus you get private lockable rooms so don't hear what else may be happening.

Jessie asked what kind of massage I preferred - I said 'soft and sexy', which she provided.  She started by standing at my head and ran her hands down my back to my bum and slid her fingers down to my balls.  This style of massage continued for 20 minutes  - lots of touching of balls and stroking of inner thigh and stroking the perineum.  Then she reached underneath and played with my balls as I raised myself off the table.

On the flip she offered extras - $20 touching, $50 topless, $100 naked and $150 CBJ - pretty expensive extras!  I took the topless option with the proviso that I was able to suck on her nipples.  She agreed and I handed over the money.  She commenced a slow HJ and I took time cupping her breasts and sucking her nipples - her breasts were pretty perfect (probably a decent handsized C cup).  However, her HJ wasn't the best and her squeezing of balls was on the painful side; and she didn't really respond to my attentions to her breasts, only saying it felt nice but nipple play didn't do much for her.  It then became less sensual and she started saying ' what is wrong?  Are you going to cum?" which doesn't do much to help the cause.  So in the end I finished myself off while I sucked her nipples.  Other guys may have a different experience - I think I'm a bit bored of the R 'n 'T scene!


