Thread Title: Junly - Pattaya Spa,Southport - 0481 367 255
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th June 2016, 01:09 AM
Poster ID: Cozander
Post Title: 
 Junly - Pattaya Spa,Southport - 0481 367 255
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Junly

Establishment : Pattaya spa

Date of Visit : 02/06/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 19 Young st, Southport Qld  http://m.locanto.com.au/goldcoast/ID...os-are-me.html

Hours of Business : 9am - late

Rates : 30mins / 40

Age : 30..ish

Size/shape : 12 ... plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : after hunting around on locanto for a half hour or so I came across this ad with the usual "new young girls, 100% true photo" title. I was going to pass over it till I realised it was the same massage place I could see from my apartment window when I lived in Southport and thought it's been there a while, why not.

So I texted the mobile number provided she sent me a photo and I booked. 

When I arrived for my appointment I had trouble finding the shop entrance, there was only a small piece of A4 paper next to the stair case between 2 other shop fronts directing customers to it. Made my way upstairs and went in... 1st thought was wrong door... looked like a storage room. before i turned back though an Asian girl popped her head out of a door way and asked if I had an appointment. I said i arranged one via sms, she said ahh yes that is with me.... my enthusiasm dropped to the floor. she was much older than advertised but I expected that, but she was almost 40 and sending photos of a early 20's girl. oh well, what did I really expect, at least she was half decent looking for her age.

She gave me lousy, half hearted  massage, it was more akin to someone putting sunscreen on me and leaving it half rubbed in.

She was very quiet and awkward but when it came time to roll over she seemed more comfortable with the little guy than me. 
Had a great technique, would have went a lot sooner than I did if it wasn't for the other massage girl at the front desk yelling out to her every other minute.

all and all I got what i was after but would never return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2016, 07:47 AM
Poster ID: beat1964
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks, nearly went there last week


