Thread Title: Lavender Massage SPA - Lutwyche - 0421 606 131
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2020, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: therealme2019
Post Title: 
 Lavender Massage SPA - Lutwyche - 0421 606 131
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : Lavender Massage SPA

Date of Visit : 19/02/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://lavender-massage-spa-massage...edium=referral   439 Lutwyche Rd Lutwyche (upstairs)

Phone :0421 606 131

 Hours of Business : 9:00am - 9:30pm

Rates : $60 cash 1hr massage. Hand Job $50. Topless $100.

Age : 20-24

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : Topless Hand Job

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : There are so many RnT's around these days that it's hard to keep track. Lutwyche has always been the spot for a wristy and last Wednesday I went to this new place after work. The parking was good, but the street is one-way so you have to go around the block which is a bit of a pain. Called them and booked in 1hr. When I arrived I was speechless because the woman that greeted me looked like a bloody supermodel. She was 5' 11", blonde, busty and Eastern European - not the Asians that I'm used to. I thought to myself 'this girl could be making 1K an hour as a high class escort, what the hell is she doing here?'. She was polite and gave an OK massage. I do prefer a strong massage that the Thai's do well. Once I was on my back and my way was erect she asked me if there was anything else she could do. She offered a hand job for 50 and topless for 100. I went the topless route as her tits looked amazing under her top. I was pleasantly surprised. They were amazing! Best REAL boobs I've seen in years. I asked her if I could cum on them but she said no. Her handjob wasn't great and I wasn't able to cum in the 5 mins she allowed. I got to feel her amazing tits though, so that's something. Ended up seeing a regular girl after that to lose my load. I would recommend this girl, but if you're not a minute man, you may want to ask her to give the extra at the 45 min mark.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th May 2020, 01:41 PM
Poster ID: mangaman
Post Title: 
 Lavender Massage Spa - Lutwyche
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Portuguese Girl
Location : Lavender Massage Spa - Lutwyche
Date of Visit : Late Feb 2020
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 439 Lutwyche road
Phone : 0421 606 131
Hours of Business : 9am to 9pm
Rates : $60 / hr
Age : Mid - Late 20's
Size/shape : normal build C-Cup
Nationality or Ethnicity : Portuguese 
Services Provided : topless HJ
Value for money/recommend? : Yes
My experience/comments :


First time to this place was just before things started to get serious with this Covid business and wanted to get one last session before we were all went into lock down, probably good that i did.
This place is off the main drag and i overshot the side street and had to take a little detour to get to the place, being on a main road this was a pain.
But parking was alright in a open car park with a long set of stairs going up to the shop.


Got into the shop and was greeted by this Portuguese ML, she was of average build not slim not fat, alright looking. 
She showed me to my room and they have these huge massage table, probably double what you normally see at a shop, would be good if you could get a roll around.
The massage that i got was not bad, she was extremely friendly and quite talkative and seems fairly open to talking about her erotic side and then came time to turn over. 
She gave the usual options and i chose option 3 for the $100, and off we went. 
She had no issues with me rubbing her pussy and sucking on her tits, but what really did it for me was her eye contact while giving me a HJ.
Nothing puts you off more than when ML's turn into robots at this time, but this ML was very enthusiastic and genuinely wanted me to enjoy.
After finishing up and getting a wipe down i got changed and left, would definable go back for another try.


