Thread Title: Lilly massage, bundall - 5574 3997
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th June 2017, 08:08 AM
Poster ID: Django87
Post Title: 
 Lilly massage, bundall - 5574 3997
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 

Establishment : Lilly massage

Date of Visit : 23/5/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35 crombie avenue, bundall

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 55 half hr included

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : slim fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage and hj

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Location is pretty discreet and looks semi legit. They offer Eftpos and can even do health rebates. Cashier was stunning but unfortunately she didn't do the massage. Older Thai ladgydis it was ok, not amazing. And little yo no tickle tackle just a. Iupke of flight bridges by when found the thighs. Had me up and ready on the flip though it then she proceeds to chat and massage my arms while it goes back down. 
The finish was decent no offers for more extras but wasn't interested either. She slowed down as per my request but reminded I only had 5minuresleft. I was fine I always don't last long so need a little build up. Finished then she handed me tissues to clean up. First time they haven't cleaned up for me, I was not a fan. Would not recommend.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2018, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: Afternoonsun
Post Title: 
 Lily Massage 35 Crombie Ave, Bundall
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Lily Massage

Date of Visit : 25/01/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-pleasure.html

Hours of Business : 9am to 7pm

Rates : $50 for 30 mins inclusive

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Petite, A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/not really

My experience/comments : I arrived here, and was shown to a private lockable room.  I was asked if I preferred gel or oil, I opted for oil as the ML hinted it was better for sensual massage.  With regards to pressure, I asked for a soft and sexy massage which she provided with plenty of slow strokes including some regular strokes over balls.
On the turn over, she started a gentle HJ, and I asked if she provided extras.  She asked what I would like and I requested a BJ.  She didn't say no but when she found out how much I had to spend she asked if I wanted her to take off all her clothes and touch everywhere.  I opted for this and she stripped off to reveal some small tits with large chunky nipples and she let me suck them.  I asked if she liked it and she shrugged...She then started a decent enough HJ but I couldn't get over the line, the experience wasn't enough of a turn-on for me. A bit cold and clinical.  But $50 for nude with full access is probably VFM on the coast right now. Might be worth trying out other girls at the shop and see what else is on offer.

Incidentally this is one of a 3 shops (all details in above link).  It's getting crazy how many shops there are now on the GC, must be gearing up for the Games


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th June 2018, 12:15 PM
Poster ID: forex
Post Title: 
 Lily Massage Bundall RnT
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LISA

Establishment : 35 lily massage

Date of Visit : 2-6-18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35 crombie ave Bundall Gold Coast 4217 ,55743997

Hours of Business : hmmm i think 9am to 9pm , having trouble finding hrs i went at 7pm sat night

Rates : $50 half hour upfront

Age : 40s maybe 50 

Size/shape : 10 ish nice body , attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mongolian 

Services Provided : Massage , HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes highly recommend

My experience/comments : 

I missed a turn off near my gym and found a small stand alone massage parlor, which looked very professional and discrete  location. So i went after the gym . Park within meters from the side door . I was greeted by a very very attractive and talkative Filipino looking lady in her early 40s . very good looking fake tits etc. she was just on her phone as there was no customers , was told $50 per half fro massage then taken to a large private bedroom sized room , then a different women came in she looked attractive in her mid to late 40s . She has very poor English . Excellent 9/10 massage with hot oils . When getting massage from a new place I always wounder if they are going to offer happy ending . 10 mins in after a great back rub she slowly started rubbing between my but checks to my balls , she did this for awhile so i got rock hard . it felt amazing very few ladies do this . then asked to flip over and offered 50 to go nude , i declined . she rubbed everywhere except my cock for a few mins , teasing me . Then she slowly started tugging me gently for at least 5 mins . Very relaxing she didnt want me to come yet she wanted me to enjoy my time , after that she made me cum , cleaned me up and i left .

Lisa is very good she obviously has a lot of experience , well worth it 

As i was leaving I asked the hottie at the counter if Lisa always works there , she said yes but then jokingly said '' My turn next time see you tomorrow '' I laughed and said yeah Lisa's to good ill be back to see her . She then said '' yea she is good buy im better '' then winked at me . 

I get the feeling that after the massage finished whilst still in the room Lisa got and sent texts to the other girl in the store asking i guess if i was nice , clean etc.

Good parlor , clean rooms 9/10


