Thread Title: Massage for Health - Gold Coast - 0452600599
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2018, 10:38 AM
Poster ID: Drunkenpanda
Post Title: 
 Massage for Health - Gold Coast - 0452600599
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jody

Establishment : Massage for Health

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto.com.au/goldcoast/ID_2665003857/MASSAGE-GOLD-COAST-REAL-GIRLS-REAL-PHOTOS.html

Phone : 0452600599

Hours of Business : 9am till 10pm (girls go home at 9pm if there are no bookings)

Rates : $40 -30mins $50 - 45mins $65 - 1hr

Age : Early 20s 

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : topless rnt

Value for money/recommend? : A bit over priced but she was drop dead gorgeous!

My experience/comments : 

Had the itch on a Sunday evening for an RNT and have seen this ad on locanto loads of times but never seen a review so I decided to go for the plunge! Didn't make an appointment.

Entry is located behind a drive thru bottleshop, free parking and very discreet. The rooms are fully private with their own AC and fan and relaxing music. Jody was at the recpeption and was super hot, a few tattoos and Aussie, I've never had an RNT from an Aussie before and was really looking forward to having a conversation with someone that speaks and understands English. 


I went for the 30 min option as I didn't know what to expect. I was a little sore and was hoping for a massage with good pressure. She didn't have many massage skills and was very light but so much teasing! She would do light touches along my back and down my legs while brushing past my bits so much. She was getting me hard then focus on a different area until I softened up then back into the teasing again!

I told her she was a big tease and her reply "well isn't that why your here?". She was very cheeky....

Onto the roll over and asked if I wanted just a massage in which I replied, I have a real tight spot between my legs! 

We agreed on $50 topless HJ with some touching. She was hot as fuck and all I wanted to do is pound her but she doesn't do that. only HJ.... 

After the session ended we were chatting a little and she mentioned that on Friday nights the owner lets the girls have a few drinks and said it can get a little crazy so I suggest to go there cashed up on a Friday night after 8pm and see how you go. I'm sure some of the girls are into going the all the way after a few drinks and a fist full of cash.

PS. I passed the back room after leaving and saw plenty more stunners there. 

It's a little over priced but the girls here are hot and not all Asian. 

It's a thumbs up from me.


