Thread Title: Massage Gold Coast
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2018, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: Time Traveller
Post Title: 
 Massage Gold Coast
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : They do not give names but instead go by Nationality (Started with Kiwi 18 and Finished with Bali 23)

Establishment : Massage Gold Coast

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_...AL-PHOTOS.html
1/152 Scarborough St, Southport

Phone :0452600599

Hours of Business : 9-10pm

Rates : MASSAGE PRICES START AT $40 FOR 30 MINS
$50 FOR 45 MINS 
$65 FOR 60 MINS.

Age : Ages as stated above. Were true to their word by the looks.

Size/shape : Slim Fit (Both)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi and Indonesian

Services Provided : Massage with hj

Value for money/recommend? : No and Yes

My experience/comments : 
Easy to book and turned up at 3pm with parking in the lane out the back. Entry is up stairs through a back door. Let to the room and an attractive Aussie girl showed me to the room, she commented that she wished she was massaging me but had to go home as she finishes at 3. If I go back I will definitely get her to massage me.
Anyway as I booked a 90 minute massage they offered me 2 girls (45 min each). The Kiwi girl was there on her first day and she was offered to start with the Indonesian girl to finish. Well the Kiwi girl massage was rubbish, it really was her first day, there was no pressure, no technique and she was so nervous that she was not sure what to do or even where to touch, everything was so awkward. On the flip she did a little tackle touching but honestly it was not good. She asked if I wanted a HJ to finish, I said no and asked for the other girl to be shown in.
The next girl was much better, firm massage, knees elbows etc. Good pressure and nice teasing. On the flip she slowly massaged across the lower stomach and down beside the balls, all with just enough contact with the balls and shaft for it to be a turn on, she continued and ask if I wanted a HJ, hell yes by then. Her motion was good steady and worked the full length of the cock. She allowed touching of boobs including under short but nothing below. 
It didn't take much longer and I was over the line. 
Nice towel clean up and only $20 for the HJ extra.
Next time I definitely want the Aussie 21 girl (The one that showed me in)
Hopefully there next week and I will update on visit 2.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2018, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Probably next time you should ask to see both girls if one has been confirmed as new to the industry starting that day.

In years past I used to have first day starters when you identify them by the crap skills you simply request to see another girl. She should have undergone training as this is or can be a dangerous situation for both the client and the girl.

You are entitled to what you pay for. A reason I never pay up front and a great reason to stop a session where the massage is shite and pay for the massage time if they only have untrained girls massaging.

The law in all states requires them to be trained if not qualified but they do need basic skills. The fact they offer massage is Prima facie to the evidence they have basic training. If they just have a normal bed or go to your tackle straight up then they are offering you adult services from the get go.

Anyone that remains quiet on a shit massage can only hold themselves in contempt. Nobody to curse or blame save for the reflection in the mirror.

IMHO.

SR.


