Thread Title: Miki's Massage, Nobbys Beach - 07 5575 6197
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2018, 08:45 AM
Poster ID: Afternoonsun
Post Title: 
 Miki's Massage, Nobbys Beach - 07 5575 6197
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Miki's Massage

Date of Visit : 13/02/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2249 Gold Coast Highway, Nobbys Beach
??Excellent Asian Oil Full Body Relaxation Massage ??Waxing Also Available ???? - Gold Coast therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $30 for 30 mins

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Tall, short hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, BJ

Value for money/recommend? : maybe/maybe

My experience/comments : I like to try new shops so thought that I'd try this place.  It is on the highway but slightly set back so perhaps not as obvious to passing cars as other shops on the highway.

I was greeted by a young attractive woman in the shop who showed me to a private room at the back of the shop.  Then a different woman came in and turned down the lights very low.  She immediately ran her hands up a leg and stroked my balls which was a good start.  She asked what pressure I wanted and I said soft and sexy, and gave me an enjoyable sensual massage.

On the turnover she asked me if I wanted a topless BJ for $100.  I didn't have that much money on me but after some negotiating we settled on a BJ without the topless part.  Her technique was average, pretty soft so I couldn't feel too much.  She alternated between a BJ and HJ.  I was paying for a BJ so urged her to focus on the BJ, but she kept returning to a pretty expert HJ.  She then started inserted the tip of her finger into my clacker while strongly jerking me until I couldn't hold on any longer.  It was a pretty good experience on the whole, but I would have preferred more emphasis on the BJ!

I wonder if the other MLs offer similar extras, the other two girls in the shop were quite hot and in their early 20s by the look of it. They also offer waxing at this shop so you may run into female punters here.


