Thread Title: Queen massage - Annerley -  0423 489 995
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2018, 08:15 AM
Poster ID: Warebegone
Post Title: 
 Queen massage - Annerley -  0423 489 995
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Queen massage

Date of Visit : 12/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Annerley Full body massage by attractive asian ladies - Brisbane therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9-7

Rates : 45/70. Internet special one hour $60

Age : 20's

Size/shape : slim, A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : 
Ok, so I was in area. Rang and booked after I was told they had many very pretty girls available (sic).
Took the hour for $60 which seemed to be the vfm option. You have to quote internet to get this.
I was introduced to Alice, a young slim Asian girl. Good English and pleasant enough. Average looks, not especially pretty. Student, does two days a week.
So I lay face down and waited. The back rub was just that, certainly not therapeutic in any way. Tried a bit of small talk, but just did not click with ML. Just got a lot of hand rubbing up and down back and legs, not a hint of anything erotic, no casual sac brush or any attempt at TT. 
So it was time for the turn, then the hand gesture for standard for a pineapple which I declined. My personal experience is if the ML is not into it or too inexperienced to do a bit of "warm up' TT, then it follows that the extras will be ordinary. This approach sometimes gets me a freebie, as they occasionally can't resist, hoping you will come back. That has been my experience. I am happy to pay when I get the right warmup treatment. So she got to finish the massage for the shop fee only. Tough, let her learn.
WIR, no. Saw the other ladies in waiting, they looked far more 'seasoned' ie more miles on the clock, so maybe I just got the young inexperienced one.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th November 2019, 10:36 AM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Queen Massage - Annerley QLD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : Queen Massage

Date of Visit : 1/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 80 Dudley St, Annerley QLD

Phone : 0423489995

Hours of Business : 9am - 7:30pm

Rates : $40 1/2 hr Massage. $50 HE

Age : 30 ish

Size/shape : Stocky. Short.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage and HE

Value for money/recommend? : maybe just for Massage.

My experience/comments : Found on Google maps and was working nearby so ducked in before heading home.

Cici was waiting at reception and I asked for 30 min massage then was led to nice room.
I stripped and she came in about 5 mins later to start the rub. Very good rub, professional like. Not asked hard or medium but turned out to be just perfect.

She was extremely chatty, talking about family, other clients and her experiences (very good English). This was a nice change, but proved to be rather annoying after a bit lol

Asked to turn over and she offered HJ for $50. I would have tried to talk her down but she was just too nice and she was already gripping my rock hard shaft by the bottom, so I folded and agreed on $50.

Very average HJ, she was just trying to get the job done, no connection at all.
Once I asked her to slow just a bit and keep that rhythm I made quite a mess, which she cleaned up very well with a hand towel after milking my drained fella for the last couple of drops.

Summary: Great girl and awesome rub, but the ending needs work. She would be ok with some coaching, and seems happy to accommodate. Expensive HJ.


Cheers,
AS


