Thread Title: Real Thai - Brisbane CBD - (07) 3211 3474
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st August 2016, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: azzie
Post Title: 
 Real Thai - Brisbane CBD - (07) 3211 3474
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't Ask

Establishment : Real Thai Massage opposite Hilton in the CBD

Date of Visit : 27/07/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/195 Elizabeth St, Brisbane City QLD 4000, (07) 3211 3474

Hours of Business : 9-9pm

Rates : $70/Hour

Age : looked like she was 25-30?

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average, might go back

My experience/comments :

Not many options in the Brisbane CBD when it comes to a sure bet.

I thought I'd venture a bit and embrace the full punting experience.

Came across this place a few weeks back and had a great massage. It was an older lady and everything was straight as an arrow. Legit.

Browsing through some forums, some punters have advised that you could get lucky with the younger ones here so I thought I'd give it another go. 

Ventured here again last weekend and asked for a one hour massage, fingers crossed.

The girl that greeted me ended up to be my masseuse, she asked me when I was at reception whether I have been there before, and ofcourse I said yes.

I am guessing she wanted to make sure she was going to get some extra action, given I could also see a few older MLs behind the reception.

Anyway, down to business, got in and undressed.

Sure enough there was a lot of tickle tackle going on, with the highly anticipated - 'would you like hand relief?'

I got to say, massage oil must be free at this place, I felt like I was swimming in oil by the time I turned over.

Negotiated at $40 for HJ, fairy mechanical, but got the job done.

Would I go back? Really depends on my mood. If i'm feeling lucky, might just go back and get some excitement in not knowing whether I will get what I want.

There are definitely some sure bets around the city, but once I know its a sure bet, kind of ruins the fun.

Enjoy!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th March 2018, 02:52 PM
Poster ID: Jondo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't ask

Establishment : Real Thai Massage 

Date of Visit : 13/02/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Real Thai Massage Brisbane - Traditional Thai Massage, Sports Massage, Thai Oil Massage 

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm

Rates : $70/hr + $50

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : Slim size 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? : A good massage with extras

My experience/comments : Had a few sure bets recently and wanted to take a punt....Conducted a small amount of research on massage venues and decided on Real Thai Massage (Opposite the Hilton Hotel) as it was conveniently located. 

Walked upstairs and was greeted by friendly staff who were more than accomodating. The charge was $70. I was asked to take a seat and offered a glass of water. A number of ladies were milling around when a young slim lady approach and showed me to the massage room. She suggested i get changed and lay on the table. 

The standard few minutes passed by when she returned to the room. The lights were dimmed, the towel placed on my back and the massage commenced. For a petite lady she certainly provides a nice strong massage. Standard amounts of oil so you don't walk out felling too greasy. 

The massage was conducted to this point without any hint of extras. As the massage moved down to the legs and thighs i thought to myself....time to take a punt. This is the best part to any punt.....will she or won't she. As she worked on the legs and towards the inner thigh i spread the legs slightly more......and there it was....a light TT  As the leg work continued, the further the legs spread, the more TT. Time for the flip which was conducted carefully with the holding up of the towel. With one leg covered and the other leg exposed she massages each leg one at a time. At this point it was time to let my hand wonder and see exactly what was on offer. A rub on her tight little but and slowly moving up her shirt felling her back. This encouraged more TT through the towel. The massage continued this way for a while until she turned and whispered those few words......of course yes was going to be the only answer here. HE was $50 and naked $100 so i opted for the $50. The towel removed and the massage continues with my hand wondering around under her shirt. A small pair of breasts were found under a padded bra which remained on. The final massage wasn't as sensual as others but wasn't mechanical either. 

On completion of the massage the clean up was well done with some nice warm towels. The tip paid and i was on my way. 

The place looks and is very legit, however i took a punt, got the rewards and left a happy man!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd May 2018, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: Amested
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Jondo, have you been back since? Or care to share where you go for a sure thing for that matter?


