Thread Title: Red Lantern Chinese massage - Maroochydore - 0411 655 612
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th July 2014, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: wazza63
Post Title: 
 Red Lantern Chinese massage - Maroochydore - 0411 655 612
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : Red Lantern Chinese massage

Date of Visit : Early July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5 First Ave, Maroochydore QLD 0411 655 612

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $60/60 minutes

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Phillipino 

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for massage

My experience/comments : I was in QLD for the school hols recently and we stayed in Maroochydore for a bit over a week, it was nice to escape Sydneys cold weather for the winter sun of Queenslands sunshine coast. We happened to be driving to some place or the other one day when I spied the sign "Red Lantern Chinese massage", and it looked to be in an area that was far from upmarket, perfect I thought for a sneaky RnT. A day or two later I managed to escape from family duties and made my way over to check it out. The place is right next door to a small cafe so it's not terribly discreet but I just walked in anyway. I was greeted by Angel, she had an average build, not real slim but certainly not fat. She had an attractive face and quite dark skin. I was led into the room which was clean and quite inviting, paid my money, stripped off and lay face down. Angel immediately covered my bum and legs with a towel and got to work on my back. Well it was a darn good massage, she knew exactly where to work to get rid of all the knots and kinks that a two day drive from Sydney will do to you. She then started on my legs and occasionally I got a bit of a bum massage however there was never any hint of any tackle tickle. She then asked me to turn over, all the while keeping my bits covered. She worked on my chest and lower legs but steered clear of my middle area, so I was of course as soft as a soggy newspaper having had no stimulation whatsoever, when with about 2 minutes to go she whispered in my ear if I'd like some relief... $30 was what she asked for to which I declined, I then mentioned to her nicely as I was getting dressed that I can get some relief for $20 in Sydney, to which she replied that $30 was the price in QLD. Oh well, not to worry I thought, I had a darn good massage and saved myself some money as well. So if anyone is going on holidays to the sunshine coast I can recommend this place for a massage but as a sneaky RnT joint I think you could probably forget it.


