Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th March 2018, 11:55 AM
Poster ID: joh
Post Title: 
 Rosemary Day spa 2/719 stanley st Woolloongabba - 0478 175 996
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Rosemary Day spa

Date of Visit : 14 March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0478175996 http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_23...loongabba.html 

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm

Rates : 20 mins/$30, 30 mins/$40, 45 mins/$50, 60 mins/$60 

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : Size 6, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : HE -$50 or Naked HJ-$100

Value for money/recommend? : okay value

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

It had been a long day at work so I decided to check the brisbane massage scene. Rosemary Day Spa has been on the list to visit but on previous occassions when I had walk in they had advised they were busy. I requested for a 45 min session and handed $50.

On that night, I had turned up without a booking to see who was available. Pressed the doorbell and Cindy opened the door for me. She was wearing a tight fitting LBT (little black dress). I asked for the rates and ask if they were free now. Cindy replied yes so I led to one of the rooms. The room is cleanly presented with a fresh set of towels. The massage table is strong. Soothing music is playing. She leaves the room and lets me strip off.

One thing I did note that even though all the massage rooms are enclosed. Shortly after, Cindy comes in and asks for what pressure I would like. I replied medium pressure she then diligiently gave a competent medium massage. She got up on the top of the massage table and massaged my back and arse rather expertly. When she moved to my legs she was up on the massage change and alternating between sensual and medium pressure. This was extremely relaxing and just the right balance of tickle tackle for me. 

One point I should mention was that throughout the massage, I could hear conversation going on through the walls which did disrupt the relaxation component.

She returned back to the top of the massage table and asked if I wanted any extras. I asked for her rates was advised $50 for HE and $100 Naked HJ. This seemed rather steep for me despite how good the leadup and massage was but I wasn't in the mood to negotiate.

I requested for the basic and she did a really expert job. It was patient with plenty of sensuality. The mirrors help immensely with her LBT riding up to show off her panties which got me really riled up.

After I finished, I got a shower.

All in all, a fairly decent punt. I can be a hard man to please at times so it was refreshing to feel it was worthwhile.


