Thread Title: Shasha - Bowen Hills, QLD - 0452 206 880
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th September 2019, 12:31 AM
Poster ID: Manny71
Post Title: 
 Shasha - Bowen Hills, QLD - 0452 206 880
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shasha

Establishment : Massage

Date of Visit : Sept 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11 Tufton St Bowen Hills
https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...R-JUST-40.html


Phone : 0452206880

Hours of Business : 8am-11pm

Rates : 40 per hour plus xtra

Age : 27

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Myanmar (Burmese) 

Services Provided : rnt, prostate massage, spanish

Value for money/recommend? : yes / mostly

My experience/comments :

At 40/hr as a start I was curious. It's a house with parking down the side. The room was tiny. Barely fit the table. Clean though.

Girl was okay. No stunner but friendly with reasonable English.

Massage was typical of most. Some technique but let's face it. It's not the main attraction.

After a 30 min back/leg massage she washed the oil off and cleaned the tackle. First time she  touched. On the flip she asked what I'd like. I asked for nude rnt. She asked for 100 so ok.

She undressed and then spent a few minutes setting up. Hand disinfectant for me and an additional clean of my tackle. Bit mechanical and slowed me down as well as wasted a bit of time.

Her tits small and saggy and pussy with light hair. Untrimmed I'd guess. She was reluctant for me to touch her pussy and tried her best to get me off without me touching her. 
Light tug to start then a CBJ. Average skills. Then she offered a prostate massage  which was okay but left my dick untouched too much of the time.

She then oiled her tits and  lay on top and tit rubbed him and slid up to her pussy lightly rubbed on top.
I asked for DATY and she refused nicely. Fair enough. First time I've seen her. 

Then she did something I've never had. She knelt over me and rubbed my dick between her oiled legs close to her pussy. Thigh fuck I suppose. All this time I was trying to touch her pussy but she kept her distance. Tits and nipple touch was no problem as was her ass. 

At the end she relented and I lightly touched her pussy lips while she finished me off.

10/10 for effort but a little too mechanical. I'm a pussy man and  need to look, lick or touch to get off.

I'd go back as I think a second visit may go better, as we all know.

Showered and left. For 1hr at $140 it was a little different but not erotic enough.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th September 2019, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: waterjob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dont be afraid to deduct the money and negotiate because its your money! 

Anyway, thanks for taking one for the team


