Thread Title: Sunny Therapy Massage - Caloundra - 0424 547 686
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th December 2018, 08:20 AM
Poster ID: Sticky
Post Title: 
 Sunny Therapy Massage - Caloundra - 0424 547 686
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : ?

Establishment : Sunny Therapy Massage. Sunshine Coast

Date of Visit : 19/12/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/86 Bulcock St,                               Caloundra. https://www.sunshinecoastdaily.com.a...erapy-massage/

Phone :0424 547 686

Hours of Business : 9.00am-9.00pm

Rates : $50/30min & $80/hr

Age : 35 +

Size/shape : 14 / chubby / fugly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage/HJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO /NO

My experience/comments : Having just moved up TO THE Sunshine Coast I decided I would try out the local talent. It started off when I saw a Thai massage shop with a sign saying "special $35 for 1/2 an hour". I was about to enter when a tiny Thai lady 8 1/2 months preggo entered through the door so I did a quick u turn and decided to try my luck elsewhere. I ended up at the above mentioned place, I was looking at their pricelist on the window when I was greeted by the ML. There was no price for 30 min massage listed so I asked her. She said 50 dollar at which I balked and she quickly replied 45 dollar. I should have turned away but I'm a sucker for punishment and couldn't help but enter the shop.Bad mistake!

An old woman who looked about 90 stuck her paw out for the money, I gave her fifty bucks which she shoved in her purse and bolted. I gave a $5 tip it seems. There is just a divider and a sheer curtain covering the entrance, I strip and lay down on the table and wait. The ML covers my back with paper towel and then proceeds to prod here and there almost pretending she knows what she is doing. The finally the smallest amount of oil is applied and she starts rubbing her hand over my back and the the outsides of my legs. Ten minutes of this was starting to shit me then she asked me to turn over and gave that familiar signal whit her hand to which I nodded yes.

She stuck her hand out wanting more money, I wasn't sure if she said 15 or 50 so I told her I had no more money to give. The bitch then demanded I check my wallet whilst yelling out in Asian to the old girl, laughs at me and walks out the room saying massage finished.

I speedily get dressed, I couldn't get out of there quick enough, as I leaving she is laughing at me saying "next time you bring more money". I should have known better but being in a new place I was hoping it would be different.
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th December 2018, 08:31 AM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Reviews without the ladies name are useless for anyone wishing to book or avoid the lady.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th December 2018, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sticky don't know if you perhaps need to read up on tactics or just get some remedial math lessons but if you have read anything on this forum you should know. Handing money over and expecting change is kinda like buying an instant scratchie.  Don't expect to get a win or change for that matter.

If you are that broke you complain about $5 not being returned then perhaps you shouldn't be punting.

Additionally you should have opted for the horny happy Thai lass and learn a thing or two about what it takes to spot value for money. Chances are a pregnant Thai girl would have given you a smiley ending better than a MLC who saw you as the Joke de jour,

Did you actually read the ad. The special 10% discount ran out at the last day of the 2014 financial year 

The address should have given away what was on offer 'Bulcock'!!! 

Perhaps reading might be a better idea and seeking a VFM experience the way to go when first reviewing.
 If you want to avoid the traps on the Sunshine Coast go private. Old Chinese mammasans are best avoided as are old established shops unless you have read reviews to the contrary.

Hardly an experience worth the while reviewing. If you want a handy or a tits out experience upfront negotiation works best. 

BTW never pay upfront for massage at a shop that claims or pretends to be legitimate. If you are asked for cash upfront you should walk away fast.
It is the best way to guarantee you don't get ripped off. 


Enjoy summer. Look for private massage ladies there are plenty on the Sunshine Coast. 


SR.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st December 2018, 12:17 PM
Poster ID: Sticky
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your constructive criticism sleazyryder, I'll take not of that.


