Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th January 2015, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: imjustlookin
Post Title: 
 Suzie Wong's Beauty Treatment - 4/115 Currumburra Rd, Ashmore Qld - 0405 125 704
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Suzie Wong's Beauty Treatment - Ashmore

Date of Visit : 12-1-15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/115 Currumburra Rd, Ashmore - 0405 125 704Hours of Business : 9am til late 7 days

Rates : $30/30, $40/45, $60/60. HE $20, HE and nude $50

Age : early 30's

Size/shape : slim size 6 to 8 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage, HE, nude

Value for money/recommend? : yes and yes

My experience/comments : Went to this place to see Jessica based on other reviews here. Phoned first and was told Jessica had day off. Bugger! Decided to go anyway and see who else was there. Have been before and saw a young girl (Sojo or similar - very ordinary). 

Walked in and asked for Jessica anyway....you never know. She is not available. Told the lady I wanted someone who would "look after me". She said she could do massage for me. I said only if she looked after me ie...nude at least. She said "pay first then we talk". This conversation went on for a few minutes. I don't want to pay if I am not going to get the service I want.
Her English wasn't great, but after a few minutes she gestured at her clothes and said "you want off". I said yes. She says "I can do for you.

By this stage I am over the back and forth banter so I say "OK". I pay for 45 mins and go to the room. I get undressed  and lie down and she comes back in. She tells me that we cannot talk at the front because the boss is not happy and other people may hear. I said I understood...that's why I spoke quietly. Anyway I ask her name - Candy. She asks if I want hard or soft massage and starts. I opt for medium to hard - I like a good hard workout and had some knots to get rid of. Massage turns out to be light medium at best. Pleasant but not therapeutic.

After 10 minutes she says "Jessica here now...you want me go now?" WTF? Anyway, seems like Jessica has been out and come back to work. I don't have the heart to say yes please...so just say no...keep going.
The massage on my back was uneventful....no teasing but Candy did allow my hands to wander. Candy gets a towel and wipes off the worst of the oil. Then starts with an exotic very light touching from head down. I start to play some more. 

At this point she asks if I want her nude. Yes please! She is very slim, not overly attractive but by no means unattractive. Her skin is soft and smooth. She is quiet and gentle by nature. Candy explains that I can touch one boob and her pussy but not the other boob (injured in a car accident). We agree on $50....takes her shorts and knickers straight off to expose a good bush. Then starts to take her top off and says "leave on and you give me $40".

OK...so we start. I ask to touch her good boob...a small A size with a nice hard nipple. She gets it out and lets me touch, lick and suck. A bit awkward with her top on...but enjoyable. And she enjoyed it too...I could hear the little moans and feel the little movements. Then she starts on me...oil out and hand moving to stiffen me up. I start to play with her and she says "let's finish together. i ask her to stop and say I want to play with her. I get off the table and gesture her to get on. She lies down on the table and lets me play away with her pussy. I ask for DATY and she obliges...but back up to $50. 

She gets excited but no kissing and no BJ...I asked. This continues for 5 to 10 minutes....very enjoyable. Then she worries about the time ...only 5 minutes left. I offer to buy more time but I don't think she understands. So I get back on the table and she finishes me off by hand. Then cleans my up and a quick head massage and time's up.

Overall an enjoyable experience. I think she may be self conscious about her right boob. Not sure what it looks like, but would be much easier to play with the other one without her top on. Not the best looking lady, but not ugly and very obliging. She seemed to enjoy herself too. If you are after a glamorous 20 year ole model type, she is not for you.

Would I go back to her? Yes. I would be keen to see how things went a second time. Pretty good result for a first time. I have had many worse experiences than this and she was keen to please

Candy tells me that some girls take clothes off, some don't. My experience here (now 3 visits) is very hit and miss....but clearly some are worth a revisit. Candy is one who is.


