Thread Title: Thai Tantric Massage - Brisbane - 0422 078 895
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th April 2015, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: Time Traveller
Post Title: 
 Thai Tantric Massage - Brisbane - 0422 078 895
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tay

Establishment : Thai Tantric Massage

Date of Visit : 17th March 2015

Contact Details: 100 Mary St, Brisbane,  0422 078 895

Hours of Business : 10am till about 10pm (It varies so call first) 7 days a week.

Rates : 2 Hour massage $130, extras $50

Age : 32

Size/shape : All three have been size 8 D tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT, Touching

Value for money/recommend? : Would not recommend

My experience/comments :

I was in Brisbane for work so I thought I would give this place a try.
No descript entrance, as single glass door leading up stairs to another door where the palour is.
The place was dark and it took a while for my eyes to adjust, inside it was your typical massage parlour with incense and screens. 4 massage rooms that I could see.
The old lady at reception took me to a room and then just disappeared.
A girl walks in about 5 minutes later and just looks at me and says, "Why you not ready yet". This gem was Tay.
She instructs me to strip down and lay on the table.
As stated the room was dark and very poorly lit, it had a dirty feel to it and I started to get the feeling I made a mistake.
Anyway the 2 out of 10 massage went on for about 60 minutes when all of a sudden she just walks out of the room, I thought here we go, the old switch a roo.

Anyway 5 minutes later she comes back, not a word said, with a damp towel. She puts it aside and dose fuck all with it.
She tells me to roll over and she puts a light sheet over me as a drape. This front massage continued for another 30 minutes. She then says...want extra. I ask how much and what for. She said touching and happy ending $50.
Anyway I thought I'm here now and need to write a review, go for it.
Anyway no fucking around she just starts yanking on my dick like it owed her money.
I reached under her shirt and felt the worst set of fake tits in history. I pulled my hand back away, though of a better experience, dropped my load and told her that would do.
I went and had a shower there and dressed and left.

This was a filthy place with a crap atmosphere and terrible service.

I would never go back.

Avoid it guys, it is not worth it at all and is dirty.


