Thread Title: TS Lauren-Elena Hope
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th November 2018, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: borges
Post Title: 
 TS Lauren-Elena Hope
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lauren-Elena Hope

Establishment : Private Date of Visit : 7/11/2018 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_...AL-ESCORT.html

Phone : 0423019912
Hours of Business : 10 to late, I don't know. When she feels OK, I guess

Rates : 30 mins $200, 1hr $350 (I donated $100 for a weird afternoon) 

Age : Mid 20s Size/shape : Tall, slim, hung

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure, but dark-skinned Services Provided : BJ, Anal, no kissing or playing with tits

Value for money/recommend? : Are you feeling lucky? 


My experience/comments : I'll try to keep it brief. This was a truly strange experience - but hey, when you're hooking up with a big-dick transsexual, why expect a normal day? 


I've seen mixed reviews on this girl, but thought I'd like to test drive that 9 inch cock. Now I just want to share my own truly unique experience.


She'd been pretty responsive to texts and questions. So at 10.30 am, I made a booking for 1pm, but couldn't get a confirmation of what street she was in. 


Fast forward to 1.30 pm. I've finally got the street and I've been waiting 25 minutes with a drink in a shady spot. She texts me and says she's on the way in a taxi and tells be to meet her in the basement car park so can help with her luggage (yes, there was a lot). 


We get upstairs and it's a nice apartment. I wanted everything to play out well, so I told her to take it easy and have a shower and I'd wait on the sofa and do some reading. 


After a while she comes out in some little undies and a bra and invites me to go into the bedroom. I really needed a shower by this stage, so I got in and then waited nude on the bed while she was on the phone out in the living room and messing about with stuff. Finally she comes in and takes off her undies and her massive cock drops out. Even flaccid, this thing is impressive. 


Then she lies down and asks me what I like, then tells me she mostly likes going top. I'm usually versatile, but if things a sweet, I'm happy to go bottom - and the while point with this girl is to get that meat inside you, right? 


In the course of it all, she tells me she doesn't like people touching her little tits and she doesn't kiss - and her phone keeps ringing and buzzing all the way through it.


So in short, I had fun trying to get  her monster cock in my mouth, she sucked me bareback until I was about to come and then she got my ankles around her ears to fuck me. She was deep and going hard. I felt like I could just about cum, then she pulled out and disappeared into the bathroom. 

This is where things really got weird. First she complained she needed eye drops and sprayed something in her eyes. Then she sat on the bed with her head down and said she had a migraine and stuck her head out the door to talk to someone in the living room. This went on for a while until I said, I'd just go with no hard feelings. But she just stayed there for a while longer until she got dressed in a tracksuit and went out to the balcony with a cigarette.


In the end, I went out, told her to take it easy and told her there was $100 under the TV remote. I got out and ran!So, in short, if you're curious about taking big cock, then it's truly 9" of solid love muscle and she's a great top. Everything else.. well, what a story, huh?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th November 2018, 02:04 PM
Poster ID: whorehound
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A weird encounter indeed.

I'm sure I've seen this T-girl previously claim in her adverts to be of mixed aboriginal/european origin.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th November 2018, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: borges
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Part Aboriginal is probably right.


