Thread Title: Xanadu Therapies - Carindale - 0447 033 888
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2018, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: cj44
Post Title: 
 Xanadu Therapies - Carindale - 0447 033 888
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nixie

Establishment : Xanadu Therapies

Date of Visit : 09/09/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 284 Stanley Rd Carina  Massage Therapy - Xanadu Therapies

Phone : 0447 033 888

Hours of Business : 0900-2100

Rates : Nuru gel - 100hr

Age : late 30's 

Size/shape : Thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? :Yes

My experience/comments : Absolutely lovely lady, very friendly and easy to strike a conversation with. I have been coming here a while and always opt for the nuru gel which does cost more but having her amazing talented hands running the gel from head to toe and everywhere in between is sensational. I have never had more than HJ finish so I can't comment on what the other extras are available but have never left disappointed. 100 an hour plus extra for finish may put some people off but I've found it worth while for the quality.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th December 2018, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: Jondo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Xanadu Therapies

Date of Visit : October

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 284 Stanley Rd Carina Massage Therapy - Xanadu Therapies

Phone :tel:tel:0447033888

Hours of Business : 0900-2100

Rates : Nauru Gel $100/hr

Age : Mid 30’s

Size/shape : slim 6-8 / B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and Yes

My experience/comments : 
I haven’t been here before, but after reading the above post had to try it out. They are located further from the Brisbane CBD than I would have liked but well worth the effort.
The business is located in the backyard of their property and is well presented. When you step inside you will notice an extremely clean and tidy business with special treatment equipment (as per their website). This is a very legitimate business with two polite lady’s who will provide a wonderful service. Nixie owns the business and lives at the property. Both Nixie and Angela work in the business. Hicaps also available for private health fund members (even better). 
On arriving for my appointment I was met by Angela, what a pleasant lady. She is an attractive lady who is softly spoken with a petite body.
I asked for the Nuru Gel massage for the hour.....Angela responded stating that was more a sensual massage if that was ok...I said perfect. I was asked to remove my clothes and lay on the table and she would be right back. Angela is wearing a slim fitting lengthy t-shirt.
The Nuru Gel massage is a must try....this gel is the best for massages and is essentially water based. The massage is flowing with enough teasing to keep the blood flowing without over doing it. On the flip the massage continues and slowly moves to the groin area where a softly spoken Angela asks if extras are wanted. Angela offers $50 for HJ, $100 nude. I opted for just a HJ as I didn’t have any further funds. There are eftpos facilities available too if the need arises. Angela has a very good massage technique as well as HJ technique.....there is no rushing here. As the HJ continued my hand started to wonder over Angela’s cute little bum and then under her t-shirt to find a pair of French nickers....I didn’t push any further there, however I did wonder up to her little B cup breast and caressed them over her t-shirt to find there was no bra. It wasn’t much longer and the explosion had started for which the HJ continued.....followed with a caring cleanup. 
Massage payment is made at the completion of the appointment. Eftpos and hicaps and I was on my way.
This is a must visit for anyone in Brisbane......there is no disspapointment here.....treat them kindly.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th January 2019, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: Jondo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nixie

Establishment : Xanadu Therapies 

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 284 Stanley Rd Carina Therapy - Xanadu Therapies 

Phone :0447033888

Hours of Business : 0900-2100

Rates : Nuru Gel $100/hr + extras

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : 6-8 B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ 


Value for money/recommend? : Yes & Yes

My experience/comments : 
My second time visiting Xanadu Therapies and was not disappointed. I called and asked for Angela and was told she had returned home after 6 months in Australia...a real shame. I made an appointment with Nixie who was very pleasant. 
Nixie is very polite and reminded me of Angela. She was wearing a sleeveless dress and didn't seem to be wearing a bra . A short conversation and i was asked what massage i was needing...of course the Nuru Gel. I feel Nixie knew exactly what i was there for. Asked to remove my clothes and lay face down on the table. 
Nixie starts the massage on your calf and works her way up to your shoulder. On the second pass a sensual touch between the legs.....this with Nuru Gel is awesome. The massage continued with sensual touches and reach through that was just incredible....Nixie has great skills in sensual touch. This must have continued for a half hour before being asked to turn over. On the flip Nixie continued to massage my legs and stomach with sensual strokes, she then whispered asking i'd like a penis massage.....well i could hardly say no. She said that would be an extra $50 and i asked if she offered her services naked and to my surprise she said yes for an extra $50. So i opted for the naked Hj for $100....so worth it. She undressed there in front of me exposing her perky B cup breasts and as thought.....no bra. Nixie allows touching of her bum (which is firm) and her breasts. I was also able to touch her pussy but only on the outer. Nixie provides an amazing service in a relaxed and comfortable environment. This establishment looks and is very legitimant and provides and amazing massage with extras.....A must visit....i will be back!
Nixie is a lovely lady so please treat her kindly......


