Thread Title: Yoyo - Private Massage  - Nundah Brisbane - 0451662889
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th September 2017, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: mycanon
Post Title: 
 Yoyo - Private Massage  - Nundah Brisbane - 0451662889
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Sept 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_48...-Brisbane.html  0451662889

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $100 - 30 mins

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Slim/Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS + Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
In the area and wanting something different. Scanned Locanto and found Yoyo's ad. Quick call and immediate booking secured.
Round to her unit, near railway station.
Went up, greeted at door my typical mature asian, but easy on the eyes.  Confirmed 30 min special booking and led me to bedroom.
quickly undressed and onto bed.  Some touching and light kissing and exploration while she went to work on me. Nice chat while this was going on so was able to relax quickly.
Then into a nice BJ while I played with kitty and tits.  Bit saggy, but her BJ technique overcame the discrepancies 
I was nice and ready after a good 10 mins of this so I asked her to jump on top. She asked if I wanted special first, but I said no, on top first.
She did so and was quite nice and tight, and we did this for 10 mins when I asked her for the special. Which she offered with her on top or me standing.  There is only one way to enjoy anal, so standing it was.
Unfortunately she wasn't as tight as I was hoping, maybe too many specials have been provided, but still, it was good.  but after a few mins of this I decided back to her on top to finish.
Quick swap of positions and back into it for a nice finish.  Clean up and out the door after 35 mins.

Didn't seem to be a clock watcher but kept everything moving nicely on time.  Good value for money, but not sure I would go for much more in time or $$
Good for keeping up your sleeve for a guaranteed delivery if you don't want to take a punt.


