Thread Title: Zen boutique massage - kangaroo point - 0424 182 330
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th June 2019, 06:58 PM
Poster ID: yone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri

Establishment : Zen massage boutique 

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 738 main st kangaroo point

Phone : 0424 182 330‬

Hours of Business : 9:30 am till late 

Rates : $50 30 minutes, $70 60 minutes

Age : late 20

Size/shape : Short average build 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese 

Services Provided : Massage,hj,nude body slide and cbj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I finally had the pleasure to book this cute ML and it was a great experience. Whilst she is not a head-turner beauty, I actually think she is quite cute. She looks good for her age. Massage was ok, mid-way through the "accidental" touches began, once i made it clear its what I want, she began giving your old fella some attention while she offered the extras, was offered cbj, which i accepted. She gave me a good 5 min of cbj and I decided to stop before I came. I then went on to the massage table and started pleasing her this is includes deep fingering and daty, in varying speeds and techniques. I got her to cum hard. I really enjoyed her moaning. We finished the job by her giving me another cbj.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th July 2019, 07:30 PM
Poster ID: andy0897@hotmail.com
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Know this girl well yeah her English not great so best do sign language with lol .. she offers the lot does a great blow job and the sex wow best I had for ages booked her few times but now back in japan for couple months ..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th July 2019, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: andy0897@hotmail.com
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mina 
Japanese 
26 year old 
Small great body small boobs tan bit of beach bunny blondish hair  good English
Tried her now couple times sexy massage style plenty of TT one these girls who reach up under u massages the area u want massage lol .. when naked she has a great body and very very tight smooth kitty  loves to be licked and gets very wet .. I normally pay $100 I need to find out if she does more as the box of hers is very very tight when u finger her


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th January 2020, 09:24 AM
Poster ID: Jondo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Orange (I get the feeling name are false)

Establishment : Zen Boutique Massage     

Date of Visit : Early January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.zenboutiquemassage.com.au 

Phone : 0424 182 330

Hours of Business : Mon - Sun (9am - 9pm)

Rates : $50 / 30mins $70 / hr ($50 HJ, $100 NHJ, $150 FS)

Age : 22

Size/shape : Petite 6 with A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, Naked HJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Unsure

My experience/comments : 

After reading the above posts I thought time for a visit. The premises is located on Main street Kangaroo Point which is rather busy. My visit was around 7:30pm and the front door was locked and had to buy the door bell (Not my style)
A young petite Japanese girl buzzed me in and met me at the top of the stairs wearing a skin tight slinky black dress (the ones that get you going on first sight). Asked how long i wanted to stay and showed to the room which was shoe box size! Asked to take off my clothes and lay down. She seemed to take a while before returning which is annoying. 
The massage starts with her standing in front of me massaging down my back.....so i reach up and start playing with her bum....so firm....I start raising her dress within a few minutes of massage....I thought id see what was on offer early. She giggles a little and says....What are you wanting? She was not negotiable on price and so the naked HJ resulted. the entire massage was now performed naked with my hands allowed to wonder except for pussy area....much disappointment.... this is out of bounds unless FS is paid for and then licking etc is also offered. Even though we were both naked and i was able to feel her body there was no TT at all....lots of bum massage and teasing around the bum area but no TT. On the flip her stroking was great with lots of slow meaningful strokes...tried slipping the hand between her legs from behind and rubbed her smooth pussy lips and she says no and moves away. Clean up and offered a shower too.
WIR: Nice girl, but with no play unless paying top dollar....too expensive. YMMV!


