Thread Title: 1008 Old Princes Hwy Engadine
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2019, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: Sharplydressed
Post Title: 
 1008 Old Princes Hwy Engadine
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose 

Establishment : Chinese Massage 

Date of Visit : 4/4/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1008 Old Princes Hey Engadine https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...ns-100-30.html

Phone : 0451 183 293

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $35/half hour massage

Age : 25

Size/shape : Slim and Pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely 

My experience/comments :   Was checking what's around Engadine area and came across the add on Locarno. Called the number and was quoted $35 for half hour massage. The add indicates much more then Massage was on offer so I took a drive over there. Walked into a discreet shop in a office building and immediately greeted by a very hot and mature Japanese lady. She then called out to Rose and out came a pretty tall Chinese lady of early 20s. I was hoping to try out the older one and asked if I could have her and she said you want double ? I said no no and she laughed and ushered me into the room with the young one.
I asked about extras and she indicated $20 for HJ and $50 for nude. I settled for the $20. Didn't try for anything else but according to Locanto everything is available.
Now this lady can massage and it's absolutely fantastic to go to a Chinese Massage and actually get a massage instead of some lacklustre pushing on back. After 20 mins I was totally relaxed and in boss. She then started on the tackle tissue which also was absolutely awesome. Long nails gently stroking the balls and thighs. Wow she had me hard as a rock. After about ten mins she requested me to turn over and then started on a slow handjob. I felt up her skirt but didn't push to hard as she seemed a great young lady. In hindsight I wished I'd asked if the older lady could have come in also and took part in the handjob for a extra $20. 
Eventually the deed is done and she does a good clean down. I go to get up and she says she hasn't finished yet and starts a face and neck massage. Then sits me up and massages my shoulders for a few mins. We are then finished and I get changed and both girls bid me a very friendly and happy farewell. 
Great shop with great ladies that actually put on a effort. For $55 bucks what a bargain. I'll be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th April 2019, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Chinese Massage 

Date of Visit : 7/4/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1008 Old Princes Hey Engadine 

Phone : 0451 183 293

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $35/half hour massage

Age : early 40s

Size/shape : Milfy figure, size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : North Eastern Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

After sharpleydressed's excellent scouting work I thought I would give this place a try. I rocked up earlyish on a Sunday morning to find the place open and Lucy eating her breakfast in the front room. No problem of curse as I think she was happy to get an early job. Whilst more of a girl next door looks wise Lucy is very friendly and we hit it off straight away. Being the first time here I just went with the half hour option. To be honest I can't remember too much about the massage too busy chatting.

After the usual tackle tickle and turnover Lucy starts a nice two handed HJ at which point I get curious about what Lucy's body is like under that dress. Always a bit of a gamble with MILFs but I didn't need to worry, Lucy has a tidy bod with natural C cups and somewhere between just right and slightly chunky. A very competent HJ ensued and I left happy. Not sure if any other extras would be available so as usual YMMV.

Shop looks new and the room I was in had walls to the ceiling and a lockable door. Looks like a place I will return to whenever I have a chance,


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th May 2019, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: 
 Engadine Massage - Engadine, NSW - 02 8521 6128
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Nina? (It was hard to understand what she said)

Establishment :  Engadine Massage, but this is also the name of another massage place around the area so it's quite confusing.

Date of Visit :  April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  7/1008 Princes Highway, Engadine NSW 2233

Phone :  02 8521 6128

Hours of Business :  10am to 7:30pm

Rates :  $35 / 30 mins (plus $20 extra)

Age :  20s

Size/shape :  Size 6, short, maybe 5'4

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided :  Massage, HE

Value for money/recommend? :  Not really

My experience/comments :

This place is tiny and is in front of other businesses, it's not discreet to enter or exit, and there is almost always traffic on this road so you can't really get in or out without being seen. There seems to be only two rooms, they are both very small rooms, and no shower. I was not given an option to choose who to see and was ushered into a room where Nina walked in and introduced herself and asked how long I wanted to stay for. I said 30 minutes.

Stripped off, lay down and she commenced the worst massage I've had in recent times. This place is clearly just there for the extras as even when I asked for firmer pressure she did not know what she was doing. That's fine, I've been to places before just for the extras so I could deal with that. So I flipped over and she asked if I wanted a happy ending to which I said yes and the standard $20 was agreed.

She oiled me up and started the most disinterested handjob I've ever had the dis-pleasure of receiving. It was so bad that I couldn't even remain hard, and I had been in a super horny mood before arriving. I cut the whole thing short because I didn't want to waste my time. Gave her the $20 even though I didn't cum and I went off on my merry way to visit another haunt close by.

To be honest, I don't actually know how this place gets away with this given how new it seems to be and how obvious it is what the set-up is. The rest of engadine seems to be pretty straight when it comes to massage bar maybe one other place. I would not return here. There are much better options available close by in Sutherland.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th July 2019, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: Sharplydressed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Engadine Massage

Date of Visit : 08/06/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1008 Old Princes Hwy Engadine 

Phone : 0451 183 293

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $35 HH. $20 HJ $50 NHJ

Age : Late 30s

Size/shape : Slim and hot 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Have been thinking about Tina since the time I missed out on getting her so on this particular Saturday I was travelling past and called to see if she was working. She was but wasn’t available for 20mins so I parked the car and waited. After 20 mins she called and said to come in and I excitedly made my way in. She greeted me with a huge smile and a very tight hug. Not sure if she remembered me but she was very very friendly. She lead me into the massage room and again gave me a hug. 
Anyway I paid and gave her a extra $20 , u dressed and lay down. In she comes and seriously this lady is gorgeous. Wow I’d love to fuck her. Anyway she starts on the massage and it’s a so so massage. Little technique and felt a little rushed. So we continue with this for about 20 mins with me rubbing my hands up the back of her thighs whenever the opportunity presents. With ten mins to go she starts the tackle tease and had me hard as a rock. I roll over and start to fondle her breasts that are still in her bra and top. Suddenly she lifts her top off and takes off her bra and allows me to lick and suck her nipples as she jerks me off. It doesn’t take long before I cum all over her hand. 
A quick clean up another really warm and friendly hug and I’m out the door to face the day. 
Not sure if anything else is available but I’d absolutely love to bend her over that table and fuck her doggy. She is gorgeous . Absolute bargain of tits out , licking and sucking breasts plus massage and HJ for $55 with a stunning lady.


