Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th June 2011, 07:57 AM
Poster ID: mikekinky
Post Title: 
 54/61-65 Glencoe St, Sutherland - 02 9521 4992
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : mary

Date of Visit : June 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : At Sutherland New Best Quality, Prof Relax & F/B Oil Massage 54/61-65 Glencoe St 9521 4992 (leader ad)

Rates : massage $35 1/2 hr, $55 hr
           Extra - hj $20, $20 nude

Age : 40s

Size/shape : small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage, hj, nude body2body, I  asked about more she said $30 for fs but I didn't get that. 

Value for money/recommend? : it's ok but there is better value in the area

My experience/comments : this place all round was pretty average compared to other place in the area. The massage was good she was clothed for the massage but there was no teasing during it. Was asked to turn over then the talk of extras and $$ which is never good in the middle of what is supposed to be a relaxing fun massage. 
Mary was a bit old and didn't have the greatest body but was still good, nice titties. 

Ill probably won't go back not because I had a bad time but because there is better like adelong st


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th April 2012, 09:52 PM
Poster ID: 01craigj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Can't remember (sorry!)

Date of Visit : February 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Rates : Massage $35 30 minutes
Extra - HJ $20

Age : 40s

Size/shape : kind of big, not pretty 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage and happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Not really recommended. Had some time to kill in Sutherland and remember seeing this ad in the paper. Went there, got naked and jumped on the table. Massage wasn't too bad. Nothing was offerred so I asked at the end. Negotiated $20 for an average happy ending. Won't go back.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th March 2013, 08:23 AM
Poster ID: markoz79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : 54/61-65 Glencoe St Sutherland NSW 2232

Date of Visit : 15/1/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 54/61-65 Glencoe St Sutherland NSW 2232
                                                   02-9521-4992                        
Hours of Business : 10am-7pm


Rates : Massage $60/hr, R&T $20,NUDE $20,B/B $30

Age : Late 20's Early 30's

Size/shape : Petite Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage & R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Good,would reccommend 

My experience/comments : Been here a number of times also.The massage is good & strong really professional.There are only two ladies here but both give really good massages from soft to really hard & however u like it.The extra services are ok.They offer R&T for $20 which always seems to be good nice & sensual not rushed like some other parlours with great hj technique.Also on one occasion she even started to blow me with no condom just a one off but great lost my load straight away 
Never had the b/b but they offer it.All in all good clean place in good quite location with two cute chinese ladies that are pretty friendly & well woth it.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th February 2015, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: KokainDawkins
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 22/01/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am to 7pm

Rates : $50 for 45min plus $50 nude HJ

Age : late 20's maybe early 30's

Size/shape : 12 busty DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude massage & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I Really like this place it is nice and private in a good location, so I go in late in the afternoon straight away outcomes YoYo looking sexy with nice big tits and ass she takes me in the room I give her 50 for 45 mins plus another 50 for nude HJ.

She starts with the massage which is excellent very sensual, after 15mins she tells me to sit on the edge of the table and she starts rubbing her ass on my hard on followed by a little tittie fuck with her big rack, she then finishes me off with a nice HJ. After the HJ back to the massage for another 20mins, very relaxing, I will be back soon, money well spent.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th May 2015, 04:36 PM
Poster ID: Raw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Date of Visit : 7/5/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm

Rates : $35 30 mins plus extras

Age : 35

Size/shape : Nice size 8 curvy body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Popped in here on a Thursday afternoon and was greeted by Linda. Nice attractive looking woman with a pleasant friendly personality. She showed me into the room and I gave her $55 straight up and said 30 mins.

She was wearing a tight fitted white dress which showed all her curves and she had to bend down to get a few things and would squat with her legs open. Got a good feeling from the get go.

I told her medium massage and she was quite playful, whereby she would be massaging me and then out of no where she would tickle my balls with her fingers and giggle. This was all good on my front, but when I turned over and she did it, it actually unnerved me by the look on her face with the weird giggle thrown in. This was the only downside.

She gave a competent tug, complete with cupping of the balls. I didn't venture too far and just stuck my hand up her skirt. She was looking for more money and made it a bit hard for me to touch once she realised there would be no more monies exchanging hands that day.

All up, not bad.Think there is more to be had here with the right coinage.

Might return if I run out of other options.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th May 2017, 06:41 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : 54/61-65 Glencoe St Sutherland NSW 2232

Date of Visit : 5/5/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 54/61-65 Glencoe St Sutherland NSW 2232
02-9521-4992 
Hours of Business : 10am-7pm


Rates : Massage $35 for 30 min,+ $50 for topless and HJ

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Petite Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage & R&T

Value for money/recommend?  Not really

First time ever at this place, Sutherland Shire is full of asians now and the only caucasian is Anne in Cronulla, who was very ordinary ten years ago.
Anyway, I went in. was introduced to the only girl available, Mandy, mid to late 20's and very slim.
Paid for the massage, and she said she would take care of me, basic english though,  massage was fairly average, asked if she would do a HJ, and she gestured with clothes off it would cost an extra $50, I said OK.
On turnover , she just took her top off only, small tits, large nipples though, the RnT was average,with no build up, her body didn't really do it for me, so I had to conjure up experiences from my past to help me get over the line.
Would I return?, probably not


Floor: #7
Post Time: 10th May 2017, 06:36 PM
Poster ID: Raw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Linda

Establishment : 54/61-65 Glencoe St Sutherland NSW 2232

Date of Visit: Sunday May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: as above

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm

Rates: $35 half / $55 hour

Age: Has to be 50

Size/shape: Milf

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage with CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend?: Good

My experience/comments: Been out of the punt scene for awhile, but this place has become my go to. 

Been seeing Linda on quite a few consecutive Sunday's and have built up quite a rapport. This is a different Linda from my last visits in 2015 and the place has really stepped up.

Linda is kind of a stocky milf. Long black hair, devious face which some might find sexy and pretty good body for her age. I will say this. She is horny. Maybe it is the connection we have built up, but I actually enjoy seeing her.

Our sessions usually start with Linda in a summery kind of cotton dress. I lay down, she closes the door and immediately pulls off her panties and stands in front of me and rubs my back. She straight up, hikes the dress up and says, I know you like this pussy. and allows me to fondle her ass and pussy as best I can face down.

This goes on for 5 minutes or so. We have established a kind of routine now, where Linda will lay down and have me masturbate her pussy and rub her clit till she orgasms. She does this while tweaking both my nipples, keeping me on the edge. I will say, Linda always keeps her bra on and will only reveal her left tit. I haven't had the inclination to ask what happened to the other tit or whether she has lost it, but in the scheme of things, it doesn't matter.

After she has her orgasm, she lays there squirming and moaning and shuddering for seriously like 5 minutes while I'm standing there cock in hand waiting for the finale. Like I am just standing there in limbo, waiting for her to come round.

She has on a few occasions given me a CBJ while I am standing or just lays there and applies condom and I take her while she lays on the table with legs spread while I am standing. I then enter her and she really and truly enjoys it. Flushed red neck, glazed eyes. The real deal.

On the odd occasion I have been there on a Sunday and she is busy. She gives me a sorry look and says come back later, but I say busy, need to go to work. She then calls the other girl who I will review later. She has even come into the room while the other girl is massaging and starts grabbing my balls and telling the other girl. 'Very horny'

Could have got her into a double that day but coinage was low.

Anyway, this place has picked up. Linda tells me not all girls do F/S. I have only had another from another lady with a hairy pussy on a Sunday but no need to review as she was filling in and is from Penrith and won't be back.


More to follow...


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th May 2017, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: Raw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Amy

Establishment : 54/61-65 Glencoe St Sutherland NSW 2232

Date of Visit: Sunday May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: as above

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm

Rates: $35 half / $55 hour

Age: 31

Size/shape: Slim, B cups, beautiful legs

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Massage RNT

Value for money/recommend?: Great

Popped in here on the Sunday to see Linda, but she was busy. Amy got the call up. Sexy looking girl. Around 5'8 tall, above the shoulder length straight hair, nice smile, slim body with perky B cups and sexy, smooth legs and ass.

I pay Amy with a brown back and she leaves to get change. I strip and lay down on the table. Amy waltzes back in and presents change and asks the usual, soft medium, hard etc. I say medium. She is wearing a cotton kind of summer dress (must be standard here) She climbs on top of the table and straddles me and then starts a thai kind of massage with elbows pressing into spots. She then gets on her knees and massages my body thai style all over with her knees. I must say she is pretty good at this.

I tell her I want her to focus on my legs and ass as I stand alot and there is too much tension there. She complies and gets up and starts to work the legs and inner thighs. Getting a lot better Amy, I tell her. She seems to like the verbal compliments and puts more effort into the buttocks and her hands travel back and forth up my inner things as she brushes my balls purposely with her fingers. I am really getting into this and Amy is starting to look a lot better than Linda.

She now stands on the side of the table and I can see in the mirror her reaching over and her dress hikes up and I can see her pink panties. This alone was enough to nearly send me into meltdown. She notices me looking in the mirror and purposely bends more so I can get more looks up her dress. This alone was worth the admission price. The erotic nature of it all was better than even if she was naked. I was beside myself.

She whispers if I want more. Yes I say, what's more. She motions the universal handjob action. Yes, I say. $20 extra. No problems. She didn't offer anything else and I didn't want to ask as I think this one deserves some attention and repeat visits to truly develop and build.

I ask if I can massage her. She nods and gets on the table. This was my chance to get closer to those panties. She lays face down and I start touching her everywhere. I really wanted to get her into my favourite doggy style pose but didn't want to upset the apple cart this time round. Upon further visits I will get her into that one for sure.

I start massaging her legs and move into her thighs and can't help but feel those panties. They're soft and I can feel an asian bush hiding behind there. I wished I could have filmed the event.I rub her pussy and she starts moaning softly. I dare to slip a finger inside her panties and am met with no resistance. She is damp. I'm thinking this ones a keeper. I kiss her body and work my way up to her neck while I am rubbing her pussy. She likes it. This goes on for awhile but I don't think she is truly comfortable to let go yet and time is running out.

She gets up and I lay back down. She then starts an erotic rubdown on my whole body from head to toe. I like she doesn't rush straight for the pipe. She plays with my nipples and is kissing my ear and breathing heavily. It was a Logie winning performance on her part. She continues on like this slowly working the balls, grabbing my cock and giving a few strokes and then moving on somewhere else. Keeping me on the edge. Continuing this style of a seductive hand job. This was way better than Linda. This Amy is an expert in foreplay.

I lost track of all time and Amy continued this slow sexual dance with her hands on me. She focused more on my cock but kept it slow and and sensual, until I could not hold out any longer.

Wow. She was good. Better than sex with Linda. Unbelievable.

I have been back a few times but keep getting stuck with Linda. Yes, Linda is good. But Amy is younger,  sexier and better.

I am sure Linda feels my disappointment and even asked me if Amy did jiggy jiggy with me that week. No Linda, she did'nt. 

Need to go back and see what else is on the cards with Amy.

Amy and Linda only work Sundays.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 4th February 2018, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alicia

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 3/02/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50/45 mins + $50 tip

Age : 23?

Size/shape : Slim, a-cups, nice bum, 5'4"

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Massage and NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This place has a fairly open to the street entrance so if your shy maybe look on. No choice of ML just next cab off the rank. Seem to have younger girls here, Alicia was pretty and friendly so I was happy to proceed. Separate rooms not partitions give an adequate amount of privacy.  

  The massage was reasonable, quite oily, not unpleasant but not really therapeutic in any way. This only a prelude to part 2 and I wasn't going to knock back a feel of this sweet looking girls bod at the usual fee ($50). Nice little a-cups with nipples which respond to gentle rubbing while she went about a good HJ with great technique of light tugging from the base rather than the overly sensitive head with her smiling throughout. Legs were fairly clamped shut but a little probing of a moist, completely bare clam (really would have liked a look at that!) kept me interested enough to reach the usual conclusion. Alicia was very attentive in the clean up with tissues and hot towel and before long I was on my way.

  WIR? yep, most likely.

Cheers, wanderlust.


