Thread Title: Caringbah Massage - 10 President Ave, Caringbah - 02 9531 1953
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2011, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: rubme
Post Title: 
 Caringbah Massage - 10 President Ave, Caringbah - 02 9531 1953
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:apple

Establishment (if applicable):caringbah massage

Contact Details/Address:10 president ave caringbah

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:$60.00

Age:18-21

Size/shape:thin

Nationality or Ethnicity:chinese

Services:rub and tug

Value for money/recommend?:OK value

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)I saw "apple" over the xmas period for a half hour massage with hand relief.She was a willing young chinese girl,quite a horny one,and gave me a complimentary reverse body slide.The massage was pretty lame,with just a few tickles and rubs,and I was sent on my way after 20 mins,not the half hour i paid for.All in all,I dont think I will go back.The service was so so,the premises could have been a bit cleaner,and I hate it when they just put the same towel back on the table after you have finished,leaving it dirty for the next customer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th February 2012, 02:13 PM
Poster ID: rubme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment : 10 President Ave Caringbah

Date of Visit : Today

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  7 days

Rates : $50 and up

Age : Late forties early fifties

Size/shape : Size 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS,HJ,Massasge

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : Just returned form 10 President Ave.Mamasan sent in a Grandma, she was a horny old deviate.Not to my liking though.Her body was OK, and she was all over me before I could even get my gear off.She was rubbing my cock through my undies, and sucking my nipples, which needless to say got me nice and hard, though I was very horny anyway.Didnt mind me rubbing her pussy, and she removed all her clothes as soon as she got in the room.This place is the kind that only has partitions three quarters the way up between them, so you can hear everything that is going on.She wanted $60 half hour massage and offered me FS for $40.I didnt take up the FS, but opted for a head job (covered) that she wanted $20 for, but bartered her down to $10.So got sucked off at the start, good no nonsense HJ, and blew in the dom.After that, got a massage for about ten minutes, then I asked her to jack me off, to which she agrred,Good hand action, and had me blowing my second load in a bout 5 minutes.This place is OK for a quick relief session, but the women are NOT honeys, so dont expect too much.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th February 2012, 05:40 PM
Poster ID: viencero
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place must have been running forever! I liked it when it first opened and then the koreans moved in. After that, i've never been back. 

I don't know why they have to be so cheap and re-use the towels. I often had to ask to change the towels because theres still a pube. Thats why nowadays i only goto places with disposable paper towels.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th August 2013, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: slim99
Post Title: 
 CARINGBAH massage, 10 President Ave.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lee

Establishment : CARINGBAH Best massage


Date of Visit : Saturday 24th August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  10 President Ave. Caringbah Ph: 02 9531 1953.

Hours of Business : 10 AM to 8 PM

Rates : $60 half hour massage

Age : 30

Size/shape : A little pudgy but nice tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage with hand job

Value for money/recommend? : OK but would not recommend due to lack of privacy.

My experience/comments : I had been to this place often a few years ago, but was passing and decided to give it another go. The 'rooms' are actually just partitions along one side of  a larger space with curtains for doors and no real privacy from the partition next door. I had forgotten this; but once inside and being horny I decided to go ahead. Lee was a not unattractice Chinese lady, a little overweight but with large tits. I agreed to pay $60 for half an hour, gave her the cash and stripped off while she left for a minute or two. Her english was quite good, but due to the open nature of the partitions I didn't feel like talking much. She immediately started with a strong massage which I like, was very good actually. She did some of the massage through a light towel, which I have had done at bona fide massage places, and did it well. After about 20 minutes she stood at my feet and very, very slowly pulled the towel towards herself which really felt nice and started to turn me on. She then oiled my back and butt  crack and after a few minutes of back masage slowly slid a finger lightly up and down my arse. I love this, and despite the surroundings, let out  a low moan and arched my arse up. She responded by gently sliding her finger a litle into my arse and finger fucked me slowly. It was getting too much for me, so I rolled over and she gave a big grin. She oiled up my cock and proceeded to give a nice hand job, with a little twist action. I grabbed her tits and she let me pop them out of her bra and caress her nipples but kept her gear on. I soon came copiously, and she smiled and quietly said good, good. After cleaning me with tissues, all the while smiling, she washed me with a towel and finished off with a gentle head and scalp massage.
I would go back tomorrow if the rooms were more private but as they are not I think there is little chance to negotiate any more than a hand job here. It was good, but I prefer a room where I can come noisily and chat more freely with the girl. Also prefer naked girls, all in all a nice one though.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th August 2013, 09:26 AM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place was heaven many years back when they had pretty, young Korean ladies working. These alluring, demure young temptresses, with their sweet, innocent smile, would give you a massage fully clothed. However with a little bargaining and offers of additional monetary enticement they would remove their panties, and sometimes even show some breasts, and allow exploration of their nubile bodies. Pleasuring their young pussies whilst receiving manual relief from them was sure to bring one to a shattering climax in no time. Yes, they were the good old days. Have only been back once since the place was taken over by the Chinese. Not impressed with result thus have not returned.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th October 2013, 02:04 PM
Poster ID: ejn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agreed aviator. I made the mistake of giving it another go a few months back. Unattractive older Chinese masseuse with lousy technique. The most memorable moment was her fart just before we started.

Sent from my GT-I9295 using Tapatalk now Free


