Thread Title: Engadine Massage - Lvl 1, 1045 Old Princes Hwy, Engadine - 02 9520 0118
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2010, 08:40 AM
Poster ID: mikekinky
Post Title: 
 Engadine Massage - Lvl 1, 1045 Old Princes Hwy, Engadine - 02 9520 0118
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:

Establishment (if applicable): engadine massage

Contact Details/Address: 9520 0118 1st fl/1045 Old Princes Hwy engadine

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $35 + tip ($15)

Age: often slightly mature

Size/shape: often small to medium

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asian

Services:hand service. No full service or bj. Naked body to body can be negotiated 

Value for money/recommend?: yes I'd say it's ok value for the price

My experience/comments: I enjoy coming here. The venue is small with only 2 ladies most of the time but every time I have been here I have been treated very well with a friendly massage. It's discrete rear entrance also has it's advantage. The ladies here don't do the massage naked unless you ask nicely and pay a bit more. I recommend going here if your local and want a reasonably price friendly Asia massage.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd November 2011, 11:50 AM
Poster ID: mikekinky
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I thought I'd test myself today to to see if I could go for a massage and not get the happy ending. 
The massage was pretty good by a slightly older asian lady maybe 40s.
Although the massage was decent there was not much teasing so I succeeded in only getting the massage. I think it would have been quite average anyway. 

It was $35 1/2hr and she asked $20 for hj all fully clothed.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th July 2012, 07:21 AM
Poster ID: mikekinky
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's been awhile since I last visited this place so I called in again. Nothing much has changed. I've mostly had mature Asian massage ladies there and this was no exception but I went for the hour massage and offered to massages her (pauline) for awhile. So we were both nude taking turns massaging each other and teasing and rubbing each other. We both got a happy ending and I find it great to leave the place with the lady smiling as much as I am.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th January 2015, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sally

Establishment (if applicable): Theraputic Massage in the main street of Engadine

Date of Visit: Friday 9 January 2014

Contact Details/Address: 9520 0118 1st fl/1045 Old Princes Hwy engadine

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 10.00am - 7.00pm

Prices: $35 + tip ($20)

Age: Probably about 35, but a well-preserved Chinese MILF. Petite build.

Size/shape: Petite and probably about 45kg

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese

Services: Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend?: No - average

My experience/comments: Miles from home on the way to a work appointment down south, and lack of holiday traffic meant I was way early. 
Looked on AXR for a suitable place to kill some time, and decided to come here and TOFTT as it hasn't been reviewed in a long time. 

Main entrance right on a busy pedestrian zone which may put off some, but there is a rear entry from the car park behind into this building.

Up to first floor. Greeted by a GILF mamasan who offered her services. I don't mind a *bit* older but this was pushing it, so I used the old "I'll just go to the ATM and come back" line. Immediately she said, "ok - have a younger girl for you. No problem". 

Waited in the room 5 minutes for the younger girl (who was about 35 it turned out!) to finish with her client. Sally didn't have much English so we didn't have much conversation.

The room was hot (36 degrees outside!) and air con wasn't working, but there was a fan which just circulated hot air.

Sally's petite and quite well-preserved but wasn't really my cup of tea. Her massage skills weren't great either, and she did the massage through the towel which I don't enjoy at all at the best of times, let alone on a 36 degree day with no air con! 

After 15 minutes she said "turn over" (no tackle tickle at all up to this point) and asked if I wanted a HJ for $20. Nothing else offered, but didn't want it anyway. 
HJ was ok. No build-up or anything resembling a sexual experience at all, but got across the line.

Clean up with wet wipes and then a token head massage until she said finish 23 minutes after we started.

Paid my tip, said "thanks" and went on my way. Can't win them all, eh? It wasn't truly awful, but it was well on the way. 

For those who want to try, Sally said she only works Fridays. 

Happy punting all.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th March 2016, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Annie

 Establishment (if applicable): engadine massage

 Contact Details/Address: 9520 0118 1st fl/1045 Old Princes Hwy engadine

 Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

 Prices: $35/30 $50/45min

 Age: 29

 Size/shape: Medium Height slim with C/D cups

 Nationality or Ethnicity: 1/2 Taiwanese/Chinese (her words)

 Services: Massage and relucent hand service (but YMMV) 

 Value for money/recommend?: yes I'd say it's ok value for the price

 My experience/comments: 

First time in this place and was not sure what to expect.

Rolled up and after a bit of stuffing around with them being full and me having to come back I was allocated Annie, the young (by about two decades) ML.

A pretty girl with a full bust and a pretty face.

I am often wary of this, the older MILF generally has more experience and knows she has to perform if I am to return, the younger girls trade a little more on the looks and a little less on their performance.

Anyway, on to the table and Anne comes in, a too light and almost boring massage starts.

I chat away and she seems chatty, she tells me that she only works here Tuesday, and that she is home all other days married to an Australian bloke who works all the time etc.

She tells me that she wants to learn massage and one day to open her massage place and offer a high quality massage, (I am thinking that she clearly has not learnt much, as this massage is crap).  She is learning from mamas an and from watching you tube videos.

So,...taking a leaf from our other brothers here, I offer to show her the right massage technique, and to quote Brainiac, "the seduction commences".

Started with her just standing besides the table and worked on her shoulders and neck, in was very instructive. 

Then I got her to lie down on the table and showed her a better pressure on her back and as she was wearing a spaghetti strap dress I had access to her back down to her bra strap.

Anyway I am working her upper back and am clearly being limited by her dress and bra, so in a very therapeutic and instructive manner I undo and move these down to her waist, the lesson continues etc, she is very appreciative of the lesson and the attention.

The dress is getting in the way, so the dress and the bra are slid our from under her to allow me to show her the correct technique for the lower back and the bum.

I was not going to push my luck here, so I simply gave her a bit of pressure around the slit and bum hole and then asked her to turn over and her full breasts were now mine to massage, all good here.

I then suggested that she massage me again and demonstrate her new found skills, I was hoping that she would perform the massage topless, but no, that did not happen, so she got dressed.

After all of that, she finished massaging me, and told me finish and got up to walk out (!!!).

I called her back in and said there was one more lesson that I needed to show her, the happy ending, well, no training was necessary, she knew what to do and concluded in quite a satisfactory manner.

Cleaned me up, charged me the normal $20 toll and I was out the door.

All in all, total fee charged for the experience was $70 with a very pretty and full breasted young lady.


Cheers 

Chalk


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th March 2016, 10:38 AM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Chalk your a fucking legend that is RNT nirvana. Lesson learnt for any of us that are married to a young Asan hottie, know where they are AT All TIMES


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th March 2016, 07:46 PM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sparksy


Chalk your a fucking legend that is RNT nirvana. Lesson learnt for any of us that are married to a young Asan hottie, know where they are AT All TIME
"""



On The Positive Some Lucky Australian Bastard Will Get A Good Massage Tonight.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 29th May 2017, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: slim99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Engadine Massage

Date of Visit : 9/5/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1st Floor, 1045 Old Princes Highway, Engadine NSW (Rear entrance from Coles car park)

Hours of Business : 10 AM to 6 PM

Rates : $35/30 min massage + $30 nude hand job

Age : 40'ish

Size/shape : Short (around 5') busty (C cup) and nice rounded butt

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (Hong Kong)

Services Provided : Massage and hand job

Value for money/recommend? : No/ No

My experience/comments : Went back to see if Angela would get her tits out as promised last time. Her massage was only OK today and when I flipped and she started to gave a hand job I asked her to do so, but she wanted $40...  I offered $25. We ended up agreeing to $30. She stripped naked and finished me off but the haggling over price pissed me off and her tits were a bit saggy so overall a bit dissappointed. Better value available elsewhere with less or no haggle so probably will not return.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 8th April 2018, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: Dr Hong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Engadine massage

Date of Visit : 30/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1st floor 1045 Old Princess Hwy, Engadine

Rates : $50/45mins + extras

Age : 40

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Masssage & naked HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

I stopped at Engadine for a break on the way down the coast and had plenty of time to spare so decided on a massage.

I entered the shop and was greeted by Angela. She is a nice looking lady for her age. She had a short and tight one piece skirt showing some nice breasts and a bit of a stomach to go with it. She explained the pricing and i opted for the 45mins for $50.

The massage wasnt bad. Not professional or even shopping centre standard really, but better than most rnt massages. Very little tickle tackle. She was very light on the oil which was good as there was no wet towel used to clean up. No towel to hide my private parts on turnover. She massaged the front of my legs a bit then offered extras. Against my better judgement I went for the $50 naked option.

Angela would have had a hot little body 10 years ago, with nice c cup breasts. Unfortunately time has caught up with her (i know that feeling) and she now has a saggy stomach and arse. Her skin was very soft, like a new born baby. Anyway, other than a full hand on her breast she didnt like being touched anywhere fun so I should have just gone the $20 option. Decent HJ technique at least got me finished.

Sorry for the short review but it was mainly a forgettable experience.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 3rd May 2019, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : As above

Date of Visit : 30/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50/45 mins

Age : 40's?

Size/shape : Size 7, 5'2",blonde hair, b-c cups

Nationality or Ethnicity :Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : Tried to get into this place a week or so back but was busy and I don't wait as 5 minutes becomes 20 all to often. No worries this time, I passed a punter on the stairs and Alice was the lady and that seemed OK to me. I could hear others talking so there may have been the opportunity to choose but not an issue. Alice is well made up and with good English, the room good with a heater on low if a bit noisy from the street. Her massage was OK, if not great but thorough but the 45 mins option probably extended her repertoire beyond it's peak and I was keen for turnover time. A tackle tickle which started OK got very repetitive so I didn't wait to be asked and rolled over anyway. I went for the usual NHJ at the usual price  and she stripped to reveal a very nice MILF body, a small c-scar but the rest was pleasant on the eye. She had no problems with a wandering hands which for me is a necessity otherwise I usually won't reach the final conclusion. She got quite wet and was one of those women who give off that air that "Gee I'd like to fuck her!" She has a 2 handed technique and saw me to bursting point and a very attentive clean up, and I was on my way. 
Yep, I recommend and I will go back. Alice says she only works Tuesdays there.
Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 7th May 2019, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has anyone noticed the quite numerous massage places that have sprung up in Engadine? I wonder how many are legit and which ones offer extras. Before someone suggests that I try them out, I will have to admit that I have too many clients there to try anything funny. I'm sure I would get caught out.


