Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2019, 11:18 AM
Poster ID: slim99
Post Title: 
 Engadine Massge - 7/1008 Old Princes Highway, Engadine - 02 8521 6128 - 0451 225 382
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rosie

Establishment : Engadine Massage 

Date of Visit : 8/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  7/1008 Old Princes Highway, Engadine 
https://engadine-massage.business.site/ 

Phone : 0451 225 382

Hours of Business : 10AM - 6PM

Rates : $35 half hour

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Size 8, short, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments :  Saw an ad in the Sutherland Leader for 'Emily' on this number. I googled it, and came up with an ad for 'Bobo' at Sutherland who looked all right to me!
See:  https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ependent/1214/ 
So I phoned 'Bobo', carefully calling her Bobo rather than Emily, and arranged a visit. She said she was in a shop in Engadine. Hmm... She gives me the address (but not the unit number) and asks me to call on arrival. I do so, and she gives me the unit number. I walk up there, and it is a standard generic massage joint with the usual huge graphic so don't know why  the secrecy.
It's early, and the door is locked, so I knock and she lets me in, and I find myself immediately in a cramped massage room. I learn later that I came in the back door (South side) which is probably always locked. She tells me the rate is $35/half hour, then I say your web site says $60 for hand job, OK? She looks a little confused, but agrees. My first day here, she says. I strip off and she
rubs her butt up against me as I lean on the bed and play a little. My name Rosie, she says. OK, I finally realise that it is not the buxom Bobo in the ad/pictures but another lady with shorter hair and smaller tits. By this stage I don't care, so proceed. She explains Bobo only works Fridays. I say it IS friday! Then she says 'I cover for her today, I usually work Mondays only. OK .
Anyway on with the play, she offers to let me touch her pussy and then I ask can I lick it and she says OK. I go down on her and she quickly comes, not fake as her pussy twitches then convulses. She then mounts me backwards so she can jerk me off as I view her pussy and arse; it doesn't take long. Finish off with a short but strong massage. I exit via the proper front door where there is a reception (The North door, also has the graphic). Although the address is Old Princes Highway, the entrance(s) are in Caldarra opposite Priceline. 
WIR? She was pretty, friendly and I am sure anything is available so maybe. Entrances are a bit public for mine.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th November 2019, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So we can add this one to the many massage shops in Engadine that offers extras? So many to choose from in that suburb now that it's hard to know which ones are legit.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th November 2019, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by aviator1300


So we can add this one to the many massage shops in Engadine that offers extras
"""



Yes, thread moved


