Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th August 2019, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: 
 Smoothai Massage - 6/544-546 Box Rd, Jannali - 02 9528 5991
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Tania

Establishment :  Smoothai Massage

Date of Visit :   July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Smoothai Massage, Thai Massage Miranda, Thai Massage Jannali

Phone :  02 9528 5991

Hours of Business :   10am - 9pm

Rates :  60 mins / $75

Age :  50s

Size/shape :  Body of a fridge, not too attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Not sure, maybe thai, maybe chinese

Services Provided :  Massage 

Value for money/recommend? :  For massage, yes

My experience/comments : 

This place used to be called Supavadee Thai, and as far as I know was legit back then. I never visited though so can't say for sure. It definitely looks like a legit place, proper waiting room, proper massage rooms. Smoothai is located in Jannali, there is another in Miranda. I know there are a few places in Miranda that offer extras so was thinking maybe that with this new management I might be in with a shot.

The place is quite clean. Not discreet to get into but it looks legit so that's fine. I started by laying face down in the nude, and when Tania came back in she covered me. The massage was actually one of the best of recent times. But absolutely no tackle tickle occurred, and I did not ask about extras because of this.

I am tempted to try again with someone else here, but this might be a fully legit place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th August 2019, 12:47 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Quick update. I revisited this place as I wanted to alleviate my suspicions. It seems that the lady who massaged me might have been the owner. Upon receiving a massage from a different lady the second time (can't remember her name but going to find out by calling up), the massage started as legit, however she almost stayed in the room when I undressed which was a little telling. Was covered normally, but when she started on my legs toward the end of my time on my stomach, she started the tackle tickle at the very last moment and got a rise out of me. She asked if I liked it and then asked me to turn over, then asked if I wanted her to take care of my erect cock. Problem was, it was $50. For a tug, not even topless. Absolute rip off when you consider down the road in Sutherland you can get FS and BBBJ for $50 at multiple establishments.

The ladies here might specify their own prices but I wouldn't be back for the tug. I will say though that both massages from a relaxing and remedial point of view were great.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd September 2019, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Further update on this place. I noticed an ad on Locanto for body to body rubs in Jannali. Out of curiousity I called to find out where it was, and it's located in the exact same premises. Seems they screen who comes in but if you call that number direct, you can book straight in for the naughty massage. They also ask if you want a woman or a lady boy. I have not been in via this method yet, and I have not posted the number here as I notice it has changed twice...so maybe they are trying to be discreet enough not to be caught?

If I end up booking in through the "naughty" ad I will post a review.


