Thread Title: Suite 1, 29 Eton St, Sutherland - 02 9542 3098
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th April 2011, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: Billy
Post Title: 
 Suite 1, 29 Eton St, Sutherland - 02 9542 3098
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: cherry

Establishment : Sutherland massage

Date of Visit: 9/4/2011 

Contact Details/Address/ eton street Sutherland

Hours of Business: 

Rates: $30-$50 + extras

Age: mid 20s

Size/shape: slim but busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided:massage and happy ending

Value for money/recommend?: $50 for a half hour rub and tug is good value

My experience/comments: the establishment is one of the cleaner ones I've been to. The girl that saw me was very pretty, broken English and had a great body. $30 for half an hour massage, but for an extra $20 she stripped completely and gave me a great handy. She even asked me to touch her which is rare. Letting me finger her and lick her nipples while she wanked me. Not at all normal behavior. I tipped her an extra 10 because that's all I had on me. Will definitely go again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th April 2011, 04:32 PM
Poster ID: Billy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date of Visit: 15/4/11 

Rates: $35 half an hour + $20 for hj

Age: early 20s

Size/shape: petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: Friday afternoon after a long weeks work so a massage was in order. Another local parlour was closed so i tried this place again. Another pretty Asian girl welcomed me and ushered me into a room. I was told it was $35 for half and hour and $55 for an hour. I paid $55 but asked. For half an hour. She got the idea straight away. I hate negotiating half way through a massage for a hj.

The massage was really firm and she knew what she was doing. Not just a lazy back rub, but a proper massage complete with hot towels and back cracking. When it came time to turn over she massaged me legs, chest and stomach which was nice for a change. Better than just going for the tackle. She then proceeded to give me an amazing sensual hj with warming oil. This girl really knew what she was doing. It wasn't rushed or workman like. She put a lot into it and looked like she was enjoying it.

It was only after I'd finished that I realized she didn't offer to strip for me. I'm not complaining though. It was nice to just lay hack and be pampered. Speaking of which, she finish up with a nice head and face massage with more hot towels, which made the whole week melt away. All in all, I was there over 45 minutes even though I only paid for half an hour, and I had a great time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: Banjo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Michelle,
Paid my first visit today, $35 - 30mins massage + $25 for topless RnT (Was wearing lacy Half G panties  ).
Saw Michelle, First day on the Job (Warning Bells?) 
MLC, 26yrs, B-C natural Cup, Nice size Nipples very responsive, Cute face, size 8ish
Butt....To die for...Not your average butt! Had fun touching and playing with it and she likes to wiggle in your face.....
Massage... was ok 
HJ was a little soft for my liking but got me over the line.
No touching down stairs played with her butt, boobs and nipples.
When finished asked about BJ... after a pause and the obligatory "Look around the room to see if any one else was there?"
She said yes for $50.00 (Take your own Dom?)
FS.... Has potential and I think would be into it.
Will I go back.Yes
But would like to see others in the stable like Jessie the Thai girl..
Cheers


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th June 2011, 07:01 AM
Poster ID: xm6482
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Emily

Establishment : Eton St

Date of Visit: works Mondays and Fridays

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: 

Rates: $35 half hour

Age: early 30s?

Size/shape:slim, athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: chinese

Services Provided: massage, HJ ($20), nude +HK ($50)

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments:  First time here. Place was clean. Emily was engaging and gave a good massage and plenty of attention to the parts that matter.  I'll be back


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st June 2012, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: Raw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Lucy

Establishment:Jasmines Much Better Massage

Contact Details/Address: 29 Eton St Sutherland

Hours of Business: 10am - 7pm 7 days

Prices:$35 half $70 hour

Age:various 20-40s

Size/shape: slim to chunky

Nationality or Ethnicity: always Asian

Services:massage, RnT 

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: last time I was here was in early May and happened to be massaged by a Lucy. She had a nice set of firm C cups and a Jennifer Lopez ass. Not sloppy but nice,big and firm. 

This place has always had ladies who give decent B+ massages. I've never had a bad massage here and they're all quite similar in how they massage so I think the boss gives them a template of sorts. Lucy works here Thursday and Saturday and the other days somewhere in Wynyard. 

Her massage was great. Medium to firm and hits all the spots. She did this great move where she puts her hands under your stomach and kind of massages the groin area. Different and nice. Only problem here is the negotiation at the HJ part but this went fluid and seamless enough. I said I only had $25 left on me after paying for the hour and this was enough for her to strip completely naked and allow me to touch wherever  I wanted. She was surprisingly damp downstairs and seemed to like the action of my fingers going in and out. 

All too soon she got me over the line though. She then cleaned me up, gave a little hug and sent me packing. 

Would like to see her again as I liked her style, massage and general demeanor.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th February 2013, 08:56 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have often seen this place, across the road from Sutherland Council, and wondered what was on offer here. This afternoon (Thursday) the weather suddenly turned nasty. Cold wind and rain. I decided that I needed some relief. Walked up the stairs to a well appointed, clean and tidy waiting area. Shorthly after a rather tall, young Asian girl appeared. Without much exchange she ushered me into the first room on the left. Intoduced herself as Sky (or similar) and asked how long I wanted to stay. Being the first time here I opted for the half hour massage. She advised me that it was $35. Having accepted the money she went out to get my change. Upon her return I asked if any extras were available. I was informed that for $50 I could have full nude, body slide and touching. I undressed and lay on the table where the young lady commenced a rather soft massage, mainly to my legs and lower back region. After some ten minutes of this somewhat lacklustre attempt at massage I was asked to turn over. The young lady undressed to reveal a rather stunning young body. Small, firm breasts with large, erect nipples and a very shapely and firm bottom. She poured some oil on my chest and commenced to rub her breasts on it, moving down to cover my friend. This continued for some short time before she poured more oil on my friend and began to massage it with both hands. In the meantime I took advantage and began to caress her breasts and nipples, however when I moved down to her pussy she firmly locked her legs and said it was "no go" down there. This put a damper on the proceedings. With her manipulation of my friend with both her hands I was soon over the line. She cleaned me up with tissues and offered a hot towel. Overall I can't say that it was a great experience. Would I return to this place? Maybe to savour some of the other girls. However 10 Adelong St still seems a better proposition.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: 
 Much Better Massage -  Sutherland - 02 9542 3098
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky, works Sundays and Mondays

Establishment : much better massage

Date of Visit : Sunday about  3 weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : suit 1 29 eton st sutherland.nsw  Tel 9542 3098 http://www.abcd1010.com/much-better-...ssage/massage/

Hours of Business : 10 to 7

Rates : $35 for 30 mins

Age : 30s

Size/shape : slimmish

Nationality or Ethnicity : mainland chinese

Services Provided : massage plus hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes, v happy to return

My experience/comments : Plenty of parking available, at least when I visited, but maybe hard to find on weekdays. The place is up stairs and near a cafeteria .  It's clean,tidy and roomy.
Vicky has a cute and sexy smile plus a worldliness that speaks raunch to me. Got undressed and lay face down while Vicky returned with the change. I've enjoyed soft massages recently. I thought soft meant "don't push me through massage table", but it appears to mean "give my cock a lot of attention". So I asked for soft.  And Vicky delivered. Heaps of cock attention plus enough elsewhere to anticipate the return to the cock.  On turnover  she suggested the standard upgrade of hj for $20 or upgraded upgrade of nude hj for $50. I took the latter and then admired Vicky's small but perfectly formed breasts and beautiful smile until I came over her expert hands


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th March 2014, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : sarah

Establishment : as above

Date of Visit : Thursday, late February

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : as above

Rates : as above

Age : 20ish

Size/shape : size 12 or so

Nationality or Ethnicity : prc

Services Provided : massage plus topless hj

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments :  I enjoyed my last visit here and returned to see what was on the menu.  Parking was easy enough, a grabbed a spot about 50 metres away.  My initial thoughts on meeting Sarah was that she was young.  Benefis may be being in better physical condition and happier disposition, but may be less expertise in massage and hj artistry. Sarah started  off with a well intended but less than impressive massage, assiduously remaining  away from my cock. I was starting to think this was a waste of time and money.  At about twenty minutes she tapped on my balls and  asked me to turn over where she asked whether I wanted a hj. We agreed on the standard pricing of $20. She then I gestured to take off her top, which she said was $50. The choice was to  throw good money after bad or would the further investment change the experience.  She removed her top to reveal a truly spectacular set of boobs. Large, solid, natural, perfect, a gift of engineering and beauty from Mother Nature. Sadly her knickers remained on.   A good enough hj was given, then warm towel, dress and out the door.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 12th March 2016, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: Dangar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date:   Sunday 28 February 2016

Name: Fiona 

Age: 30’s

Phone: 95423098

Hours: 10:00 – 8.00pm

Shape: Size 6, slim and about 155cm tall (great nipples)

Nationality: Chinese

Works: Sun

Value for money: Very good

Paid: $50 45 mins and $50 tips

My experience: I mentioned in a previous post that I like to see ML’s that can deliver an outstanding HJ. I actually prefer these skills instead of a young pretty ML who has no idea. I was heading back to Darwin where I am working at the moment so I had a few hours to kills before going to the airport and called this shop to see if ‘Fiona’ was working whom I first met a couple of years ago when she worked at 288 Wattle St. Fiona is cute looking, slim and has a tattoo on her stomach. Her best feature is her bullet nipples that I love to play with. Fiona also has excellent hands and can massage hard despite her small body frame. After a great massage in a nice room fully enclosed Fiona revealed those nipples and I was instantly hard as a rock. She worked the head of my cock to a point where I was in complete ecstasy. Every now and then she would feed me her nipples and I sucked them like a starved child. Fantastic. Fiona had me in wriggles for about 15 mins where I asked her to finish me off. I can’t wait to see her again next time I am in Sydney. Fiona also works in the massage place next to McDonalds near the Apple store in the city on Thursdays.   

Dangar


Floor: #10
Post Time: 25th December 2017, 09:14 AM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Nina (?) 

Establishment : Jasmines

Date of Visit : 24/12/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 

Age : 

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and exxy extras

Value for money/recommend? :No

My experience/comments : Dropped in here on a quiet afternoon to take my chances, maybe interested in FS which has been offered before. Didn't like the vibe as soon as I walked in, the ML just didn't seem my thing, a little too assertive and likely an old hand in the game. Appearance wise she had long hair, very slim leaning towards skinny, no real shape to her, reasonable face. 1/2 hour paid for, moderate massage ensued, not long before she started the usual prompting for extras, thats OK so on roll over time she asked what I wanted and up front I said full service. No I can't do that, but intimated take off and BJ was on offer, I asked how much, $100 was the reply. I would pay half that and no more for her, she's not that appealing. Gut feeling was she wasn't going to give a good service anyway so I said thanks but no thanks, and got up to leave. This set her right off saying as I had touched her leg (yes, true) I owed her $20, and I replied $20 should have got me HJ, but I don't want one from you anyway. Well, the whole time I was getting dressed she ranted at me saying I should not be angry (I wasn't, I just didn't want to be there any longer) and how different people want different things and ladies charge different amounts (Wow, thanks for the tip!) and this continued right up to the exit door, where I was wished a merry christmas. Thanks. Back in the car in 20 minutes.
That's life, it's a punt, but there? Never again.
Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 26th December 2017, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
To wanderlust, unfortunately on the week-ends the owner/manager, Wendy, is not on the premises thus she cannot control the girls. If you get a chance to go back during the week do so and explain the situation to her. You will find that she will put things right for you. Avoid at all costs going there Saturday or Sunday.


