Thread Title: Unit 2, 84-86 Kiora Rd, Miranda - 0424 199 881
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd February 2013, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: 
 Unit 2, 84-86 Kiora Rd, Miranda - 0424 199 881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Asian Massage

Date of Visit : Wednesday 20th Feb 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 199881

siness : 10am to 7pm

Rates : $35 half hour and $60 1 hour +extras

ge : Face looked 30's

Size/shape : 8-10 smallish breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Hong

Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Being in Miranda with a bit of time to kill this week I decided to try this place.....
Met at the door by Cherry, the owner, who usually works by herself but has other girls come in from time to time..
Being an unknown quantity, I went with 1/2 hour to start with and got a reasonably workman type massage which involved shoulders, back and legs leading onto some tacke tickle and the obvious whisper of do you want HJ?.....of course...lol
20 extra she says.....I pointed to the 15 change from my 50 note on the chair and she agrees.....HJ technique is not too bad but the only negative was that she stayed clothed and there was very little eye contact.
She did however, get me over the line in minutes and then hot towelled me dry......I left happy and satisfied so pretty standard fare here.....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th May 2015, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: Raw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 3/5/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm

Rates : $35 30mins plus extras

Age : Had to be 60

Size/shape : Slight and skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Not too bad actually.

My experience/comments : Never been here before but have seen it many a time while at Westfield. Thought Id take one for the team as it has had no action on the review side for quite a while.

Now. I walk up the stairs and ring a door bell. Place looks like Fort Knox in the middle of Darlinghurst Rd. Cameras everywhere. Hope I dont show up on Redtube.

Anyway, am greeted by a small asian lady called Linda who looks about 55-60. Now that is saying something for an asian. She had to be old. Too much make up caked on and looked like she had been around the game since Ron Jeremy was a toddler.

I couldnt really hurt her feelings and walk out and anyway, I felt some nice vibe from her in a weird sort of way.

I paid her $50 and said keep the change. She knew as well as I did, that would be all she was getting from this engagement.

She starts a so so massage. Actually pretty piss poor and I am regretting not walking out. She puts music on and starts to bring a little ambience into the room.

She massages my legs for about 5mins and goes higher and then just starts playing with my balls. This tackle tickle went on and on and on for at least 20 minutes. I am ashamed to say that I was loving it. She had the experienced hands and knew her way around a set of balls. She just loved massaging them. I loved too. The whole time I am on my front, and she is just massaging balls and then oiling my ring piece and playing with my arsehole, slipping a finger in, rubbing around the outside. The whole time. She got me on hands and knees and continued this love affair with the tackle and arse play.

She knew not to touch my cock at all and just let it build. Wow. I thought. This old bird could teach some girls a few tricks. 

I turned over and she only stroked my cock every now and then, just to keep it hard. No clock watching. Just letting me enjoy this bizarre scene.

Eventually, there was a knock at the door. Damn, another punter. She put him in one room and told him to wait and then came back and took her time to slowly release me of this built up cum.

There gents, is experience over beauty.

I will probably go back.


