Thread Title: JingeBells - Wetherill Park - Toni
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st September 2019, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: crg
Post Title: 
 JingeBells - Wetherill Park - Toni
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Toni

Establishment : Jingle Bells Wetherill Park

Date of Visit : 1/09/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Jingle Bells, 14 Sleigh Place, Wetherill Park

Phone : 9757 1110

Hours of Business : 10am - Late

Rates : 250/45Mins

Age : Website states 40, I believe closer to 50

Size/shape : 14-16, DD breasts, little bit of a tummy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, Covered Full Service.

Value for money/recommend? : Depending on if older women suit you

My experience/comments : Another night at my go to place, out of the way and relatively close to home. I have seen Toni in a line up before at the old Club 220 in Kingswood, but never had a session with her there. Have seen her a few times in the Jingle Bells line up but never picked her. While I was there tonight a lot of the ladies were busy, I was going to wait and come back later but was convinced to try Toni.

She looks pretty attractive for her age with her full kit on, but loses a bit of that appeal once everything comes off. She does have nice tits  though, D cups, round and firm for her age which makes me think she has had a bit of work done on them. The service it self was pretty good, gave a nice deep BBBJ, took good care of my cock with quite a bit of spit. Would of been happy to stick with that for the session and just keep playing with her tits. Decided to Dom up and have a try though, the sex wasn't bad, I just wasn't that attracted to her which let down the overall experience for me. I don't mind the older chicks but I usually go for the slim petite ones if I'm going older. Overall, BBBJ is always good when included at no extra cost, the intercourse was good without being anything special. If you like curvy without being fat older women she is definitely worth a shot.

Happy punting


