Thread Title: 1B Joseph St, Lidcombe - 0415 279 788
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th February 2010, 06:03 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: 
 1B Joseph St, Lidcombe - 0415 279 788
				
Post Content: 
Hi All, 

having just changed work location to Lidcombe, it was time to do the walk of shame down the mean streets of that town to look for the tell tale signs of hand job heaven.  Within 1 minute of starting my quest, a hand painted sign screaming "Chinese Body Care" leapt out at me from above a doorway leading to a very dodgy looking flight of stairs.  A classic ploy.  So up I went, three flights to the top floor.  Rang the bell and was met by an average looking Chinese MILF who turned out to be named Jinny/Jenny.  35/30, 55/60 were the standrad rates, no mention of extras at this stage.  She was fully dressed but her boobs were flopping out the top of her shirt 

I asked for a shower, and was led OUTSIDE (literally, onto the verandah) and then shown a very dilapidated shower/toilet - the sort that you enter cleaner than when you leave.  back into the room after being led around the flat, and onto the massage table.  The room was pertty scruffy, curtain at one end, sofa bed and massage table.  I'll cut to the chase as it wasn't a spectacular massage (surprise) but when extras were discussed, 'jiggy jig' (now there's a phrase I hadn't heard in a while) was 50 extra.  Why not?  So she got her kit off - a bit plump, tat across her belly, big boobs and nips.  Daty was allowed and she seemed to enjoy it.  CBJ followed by cowgirl and mish to finish.  All in all, a root and massage for 105/60, not bad value.

I went back a few days later, different girl (forget her name) didn't go for the extras, just a happy ending.  Nothing special and the room was even worse than the first one.  I'll have to stay away from here, but its cheap and near my work!!!! Fuck!!

Oh, address is 1b Jospeh St, Lidcombe.  later on I established that they advertise in the local (Auburn) rag too.  Sorry, didn't get the number.

TTFN
EMP

ps, been back since a few times, FS always available, but the 'ladies' are a bit rough around the edges.  All Chinese, all well into their mid life spread.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th February 2010, 06:36 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited this place some time ago after receiving a call from Ruby (ex Billy's & 295 Liverpool Rd & 220 Burwood Rd) as I thought she said she worked at this place, but it was Taylors (next door) where she rooted, away as Exmelpunter posted, this place is rough. I paid the MILF $100 straight off and she want straight into BBJ and FS without the shower..this is a very cheap dirty Whore House


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th February 2010, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: Placebo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I do live in the area so to speak, know this place well as you said no frills fuck palace, i normally go for the hour and always take a neet $100, for a fuck and a massage its ok, takes you back to the old ages hey these classy joints go all out


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th April 2010, 08:02 PM
Poster ID: tumbi91
Post Title: 
 1B Joseph St, Lidcombe
				
Post Content: 
Rather dodgy establishment but had good massage and service from Lulu, works Wednesdays. $100 got the works including some rather strange but effective Chinese liniment for sore shoulders. In the past Annie, Nisa and Mimi have been good but seem to have moved on.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2011, 10:48 PM
Poster ID: tumbi91
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went there a couple of weeks back. Had Tina, maybe fourties MIL, with rough hands, dressed all in black. Didnt encourage. My phone rang as I was undressing, from my secretary. Tina asked after was it my girl friend - said yes. Massage quite good, I suppose like having a scrub pad like Oriana.
I declined the HJ though - didnt want my dick sandpapered. Tina said she liked me for being true to my girlfriend !!

Place seems more legit and cleaner - but Im sure the shower hasnt changed.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd July 2012, 04:52 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
1B / 1 Joseph St Lidcombe has now moved to the 3rd floor, the phone No. 0415279788 $35 for 1/2 & $50 per hour NO HAND JOBs NO SEX any more ....a Real Estate Agency has now moved into where the old RnT was, I asked again if they still did Happy Endings and it was a straight NO NO

NOTE: there is now a new massage parlour at 1/11B Joseph Street but I am not sure if it is a RnT or if it's legit ?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 3rd January 2013, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
1 JOSEPH Street LIDCOMBE (top floor) I see "Exmelpunter" started this thread on 1 Joseph St and I made a comment 6 months ago, Having just retired and setting up a work station / study at home, I was or am also planning to retire from Punting as I have to put a new engine in the SeaRay...siting here over the past few days reading about all the fucking fun you Ladies & Gentlemen are having, I realised there are a few open files on some establishments that require my attention and one of them is this RnT that has moved to the top floor. I last visited the building in early 2010 when F.S. was a standard extra on the massage table in those grotty rooms......now I must say although the building has had a lick of paint, the massage / wanking rooms up stairs are clean & roomy.....now I should not name the Lady but the $50 massage and the $50 options were pretty good as she was just as horney as I was and being quite good looking for my age I received a little more than a RnT but I didn't get my end in......now what I wrote on the 23/7/2012 about it turning legit was grap................................the SeaRay


Floor: #8
Post Time: 7th March 2013, 10:49 AM
Poster ID: firstclassass
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name:   Linda

Est:  1B Joseph St Lidcombe

Hrs:  10am -7pm

Price: $35-30min, $50 for 60min

Appearance:  Medium Build late 30's attractive MILF

Ethnicity:   Chinese

Services:  massage  + extras

VFM :  Yes

After reading Searay's review and as I was in this area I called on a Tuesday a week or so ago.  It's up a narrow stairs past a real estate office and you have to ring the doorbell.

The door was answered by a ML in a short closely fitted blue dress  who answered to the name of Linda, there look to be 2 rooms there and both are quite large (for a massage parlour).  massage tables are standard size.  Paid $50 for an hour's massage.

Linda is from China and knows what she is doing when it comes to the massage.  She did ask after about 10mins if I wanted just a massage, and there was a bit of miscommunication at first but that was soon sorted and we agree to $30 for nude Hj - asking price was $40.   She stripped and has quite a decent body, she's probably late 30's. 

Linda gave a very erotic reach under and after the turnover she was very enthusiastic, including some DFK, allowing touching but no insertion.  ended up cumming quite easily.

Finished off with a good head leg and foot massage.    There was another punter waiting, so she ushered me out around the outside verandah, but it's a bit narrow where the entrance is so you can't avoid bumping into other punters if they are busy.   There are 2 ladies on daily, the other lady was somewhat plumper but a similar age and they were both friendly.

Linda works Tuesday only, and I am very likely to go back, if I am that way again.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 21st March 2013, 10:01 AM
Poster ID: Hottest_tamale
Post Title: 
 Amy @ Lidcombe Chinese massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 16/03/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1 Joseph St, Lidcombe, NSW, opposite Railway Hotel, go right up stairs and follow the signs

Ph 0415 279 788

Hours of Business : 10am till 10pm

Rates : $55 per hour

Age : 30s

Size/shape : C cup, rounded

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad, if waiting for a train 

My experience/comments :

While I’ve only been there the one, I know a couple of the masseuses from other places.  The mamasan used to work at 441 Marrickville Rd, Marrickville, so it looks like she’s branched out on her own.

I was being looked after by a cheeky 30-something named Amy (have you noticed how they’re usually Wendys and Amys?) and she liked a chat.  She also liked to see whether you’d be interested in something more.  The going rate is $20.

I was a little disturbed that my Amy and her mamasan talked openly while she was tugging me.  Not that I was being a prude (ha!), but that I wanted to be the focus of attention.  I didn’t like the fact that Amy hadn’t closed the door entirely and it was ajar.  To my surprise, the mamasan continued her conversation with Amy by walking inside the room! And after more words spoken in mandarin, the mamasan took the controls and finished me off.  I think she remembered me from her Marrickville days and wanted to press the flesh, as it were.

The décor was pretty average but the girls were warm and friendly, if a little unconventional.  If this is your thing, give it a go!

H_T


Floor: #10
Post Time: 13th April 2013, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : 1B Joseph St Lidcombe

Date of Visit : 2/4/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1 Joseph St, Lidcombe

Ph 0415 279 788

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $35 per hour

Age : 30s

Size/shape :average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend?  YES however linda only works tuesday and its out of way for me 

My experience/comments:

Was in the area and having went to  the other shop #11 a few doors down 2 weeks ago i decided to try to place out. the location is right next to the station up a couple of flights of stairs passing a real estate agent on the 2nd floor. the stairway is pretty narrow and was lucky enough not bump into anyone else while on my way up. 

Anyway rang the door bell and was met with Linda who led me into the room. the first thing that was off putting was linda was a bit cross eyed but i think that was less obvious. linda is around her 30's and is nothing spectacular though she does have a nice pair of legs i must admit. anyway took the 30min option as i had to go back to work soon and told linda i just wanted my legs done as they had been really sore due to some running over the weekend. 

Linda's massaging technique is excellent one of the best i've ever had.. i actually wished i had time for an hour session so she could work her magic. great combination of firmness and technique and my legs felt great afterwards. 

during the massage linda didn't dropped any hint of extras nothing sensual at all no ball brushing etc... i guess coming in my work clothes made her think i could have been working for the council or something. however about 20mins in she asked if i wanted a happy ending which i agreed to she and then that's where it started getting heated. she has great hands and started to stroke my balls and grab my cock from underneath me. 

her hj was good but wasn't spectacular and she was very open to me pulling down her top and bra and letting me suck her tits. blew in the end and got wiped down with some tissues then i realised this place does have hot towels which made it quite awkward for me the rest of the day for work.

in summary linda gives an excellent massage and is very good with her hands, i would return if i'm ever around lidcombe on a tuesday the only day linda works but thats very limited. the actual place could also do with a touch up and they should really provide hot towels to wipe people down. also i don't like the stairway as you have to go past a real estate agent but i didn't bump into anyone this time around... at least when i got out into the street i can pretend i work at the real estate agent in my office clothes.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th February 2014, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Chinese Massage
1 B Joseph Street.
Lidcombe
0415270788

Hi All,

This Is a review of Tina.

Everything in life happens within a context and it will help you to understand this punt if I make it contextual.

The first thing you need to understand is ‘that look’. We have no definition for ‘that look’ in English, but it surrounds us all the time. In a sense a part of ‘that look’ is disappointment, but it also has a element of disbelief or incredulity to it. The following situations may help.

There was one Xmas I was really excited because I got it in my head that my parents would buy me a stereo system to play my records on. When Xmas arrived all I got was a soundtrack album from the Elvis movie GI Blues and a record by Hawskhaw Hawkins. Yes, Hawskhaw Hawkins and the damned song was called Pataino and it was about a fucking horse. When I looked at these, the following exchange occurred:

Kerouac: Thanks Mom and Dad.
Mom: You have a strange look on your face Jack. What is that look?
Kerouac: I guess it’s that I am so happy and elated.
Mom: Don’t you like Elvis and GI Blues?
Kerouac: You bet. Elvis is a combination of Brando and Montgomery Clift.
Dad: Your kidding?
Kerouac: I bet Elvis gets an Oscar for this one.

They knew I was bullshitting, but it was better than the Xmas before. That year my Dad told the family on Xmas eve that Santa had committed suicide. Oh well, Elvis and Hawskhaw Hawkins is better than nothing. (Maybe.)

Then there was that time I went out with Natzumi Shibata and a double date with Eleanor Okada and Vaughn Carmera. At the end of the date Natzumi told me she only went out with me because Vaughn would only go out with Eleanor if it was a double date. The following conversation ensued:

Natzumi: What is that look on your face?
Kerouac: What do you mean?
Natzumi: You don’t look happy.
Kerouac: I haven’t been this happy since I listened to Elvis and Hawskhaw Hawkins!
Natzumi: I’ve upset you.
Kerouac: Look at this face. This is a happy face.

I think the best way to define ‘that look’ is to refer to a Seinfeld episode. In it George Costanza tells Jerry he has ‘ that look’ and Jerry asks ‘What do you mean?” and George replies “It’s the same look my Dad had on his face when I told him I wanted to be a ventriloquist”.

From now on we will call this the Ventriloquist Look.

I met my nephew P.Diddy at Lidcombe. He wanted to go and see what Taylors Gentleman’s Club had to offer. We entered the back way and it felt like I was surrounded by indoor clothes lines with black sheets drying on them. We were led into a pitch black waiting room and told by a young Chinese guy only two girls were available.

The first lady to pop her head in looked like something the cat dragged in. She her name was Queenie and she had all the appeal of a Hawskhaw Hawkins record.

The second was a bleached, blonde Korean who could not have been more disinterested. Diddy thought she was a ladyboy as she looked like she had more testosterone in her than the whole South Sydney Rugby League team, including Rusty Crowe. 

We walked.

Around the corner were two Asian massage place. The first was 1B Joseph Street and the second was 11 Joseph St. where I remembered a mate Exmel ‘The Pirate’ Punter had got a root there BUT Diddy wanted 1B so 1B it was.

We walked up 2 flights of stairs to be greeted by an average looking Chinese milf who said she and another lady were available. I took the milf and Diddy got a very attractive young, fresh faced, hottie.

The room was a reasonable sixe and Tina, the milf, turned on the portable air-conditioning unit. She began the massage and demonstrated little real technique, but at times on the legs it was fine. There was not even the slighted hint of anything erotic.

She left several times during the session as she was reception and this joint seemed busier that Central Station at peak hour.

Finally she got some hot towels and rubbed me down and told me to turn over. She covered my stick with a towel and massaged my head. (I hate head massages!) Finally the following interaction occurred:

Kerouac: Do you do extras?
Tina: No.
Kerouac: Ok.
Tina: You want handjob?
Kerouac: How much?
Tina: $50.
Kerouac: Forget it. Just massage my dandruff. (I had the Ventriloquist Look)
Tina: Ok $20.

This interaction sort of pissed me off. She starts out thinking I am schmuck and with no haggling diminishes the price by over 50%! I threw in a few more dollars and got topless with teat sucking and light lip kissing.

She put enough oil on my stick to marinate four Xmas turkeys and I literally couldn’t feel a thing. Eventually I pulled her to me and, while sharing a prolonged kiss, jerked myself off.

No shower was offered so I put on my clothes and walked out with her leading the way. On my way out I saw a young Asian guy sitting on the landing and the following interaction occurred:

Kerouac: Is that scrawny son-of-a-bitch your son?
Tina: No, he’s a customer.

Outside I waited for Diddy. A soon as he arrived the following conversation ensued:

Kerouac; You have the Ventriloquist Look.
Diddy: I sure do. I didn’t get shit.
Kerouac: No handjob?
Diddy:  Zilch, nada . . .nothing.

So there you have it. I won’t be back to this joint.

I know the Ventriloquist look will return, but I hope not soon.

I’ve enjoyed talking with you folks.

See you again soon.

Until that time friends . . .until that time.

Jack


Floor: #12
Post Time: 17th February 2014, 01:08 AM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice-

That blonde at Taylor's is actually a regular of mine. (Haven't put up a review of her yet.) I can't tell you how I know, but not a ladyboy by any means.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 14th August 2017, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey

Establishment : 1B Joseph St Lidcombe

Date of Visit : 9/8/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1 Joseph St, Lidcombe

Ph 0415 279 788

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $35 per hour

Age : late 30s

Size/shape :stocky, fake tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? if you don't mind a crap massage

My experience/comments : 
Was in the area and decided to go for a massage, its been years since i've been here and everytime its been milfs working here so i said why not. The store is right next to the station and up a flight of stairs you have to go up 2 levels the 1st level being a real estate agent. While i was walking up the final flight of stairs the door unlocked so i guess the sound of footsteps going up must be quite loud and i was met by this milfy chinese lady that you know is up for fun.

Anyway i was going to go for the 45min option but since $5 more gets you the full hour at $55 i decided that instead. got undressed and laid on the massage table, casey comes in and starts undressing and i was quite confused with was going on, she stripped naked and put on an oversized sleeping tshirt i guess to be more comfortable? 

Casey started off her massage and i have to say its horrid its more like pushing movements. Luckily after 15mins of this out of nowhere she gets a wet wipe and wipes my arse... i was so confused again and assumed i might have missed a spot and she couldn't handle it anymore. Next thing she said though was can i lick your bum, totally out the blue... but i couldn't say no and i let her. I have to say she loves working her tongue and isn't shy about it giving me a rimjob and licking my balls. 

she then asked me to turn around where she continued to service me with her tongue and boy does she love licking you every part of your body especially the balls and my shaft. this went on for a long time and eventually as time ticked near the end she gave me a decent hj while sucking my balls and i eventually blew.

one of the weirder moments is that i assume she loves to kiss however having known she has put her tongue in my arse i coulnd't do it and just turned away.

the experience was amazing and i asked if she did more and said she does do FS too.

unfortunately casey only works on wednesday and its quite out of the way for me but if i'm ever in the area on that day i'll be sure to go back


