Thread Title: 29 Marion St, Harris Park - 02 9891 6688
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th January 2013, 12:23 PM
Poster ID: sydguy74
Post Title: 
 29 Marion St, Harris Park - 02 9891 6688
				
Post Content: 
Will update thread title with street & phone number when I have it.cant remember it off hand

pretty sure it's 26 Marion. Anyway if you look around there for the Chinese medicine place that's it, you can't miss it. 

It looks like a legit place when you visit. First room you walk past is a room that usually has an old lady.

ive been here 3 times. Each time, seen an attractive Chinese MILF in the 30-35 age range.
half hour massage has been $35. Each time, been asked up front if I wanted a HJ for $20. Every time HJ has been pretty good. Never been offered naked or anything else extra. 

Place is a win win. Ladies generally give a good massage and the HJ is a great bonus


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2013, 04:43 PM
Poster ID: sydguy74
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Correct address is 29, not 26.
Phone is 9891 6688

Saw Kerry today. Best looking girl I've seen there. Late 20s long hair. Size 8.

$35 massage which was very firm and very good. After massage she offers $20 HJ or $40 HJ plus body slide. Went with that. Got a great front and back body slide. She did the HJ whilst lying on top of me kissing my chest. Was great. Top value.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th January 2013, 04:45 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: 
 re: 29 Marion St, Harris Park - 02 9891 6688
				
Post Content: 
The standard lady here is Lily. Very good and does a great HJ. However she won't take her clothes off and won't do any more.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st October 2013, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: sydguy74
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been here a few times recently and concur with the oboe post, re Lily. In fact, she is the only person I've seen. Usually greets at the door and takes you straight in. $35 for half plus $20. Loses of tackle play from lily and a great HJ.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th November 2013, 05:01 PM
Poster ID: nomun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The place seems nice . Will chk it out tday


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd September 2014, 06:57 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Chinese Massage
29 Marion Street
Harris Park.
Phone is 9891 6688

Howdy folks,

This is a review of Casey.

My nephew P.Diddy is always trying to get me out of my punting comfort zone. He has hoodwinked me into going to Michelle’s at Rushcutters Bay and Nirvana’s at Surry Hills. These places are fine but they cost an arm and a leg and EVERYTHING is an extra. You almost feel at any moment you will have the following conversation with some Cau WL with a name like Rayleen and it will go like this:

Rayleen; Stop looking at me!
Kerouac; Why?
Rayleen: Looking is an extra and costs $50.
Kerouac: Really?
Rayleen: And stop talking. You haven’t paid $20 for the privilege!
Kerouac: (Silence).

Diddy assured me that this time I would not have to take a mortgage ot on my house for this punt so off we went.

I had not been to Harris Park for a couple of years. The last time I was there was to go to Mature Darlings near Harris Park Station. I have had a few good punts in that establish with mature (old) ladies and feel good about the area. (Note: It seems like a ‘Little India’ with Indian shops and takeaway food joints.

This brings us to 29 Marion Street. It is on the opposite side of the tracks from Mature Darlings. It is a suburban house that has been turned into a Chinese ‘Medical Centre’ where you can get Chinese medicine and acupuncture and all those other good things.

We rang the bell and a slim. middle aged Chinese milf answered the door.. She quickly lead Diddy and me into separate rooms and told us to wait.

Going through the door I looked to my right and saw a reception area with a counter and a middle aged Chinese guy, wearing a white coat, (I originally typed ‘white goat’), and apparently consulting with two old grannies who were sitting on chars on the other side of the room.

For the sake of argument let’s call him Dr. Lung ‘Whiplash’’ Wang. Dr. Wang looks like the sort of guy who if you had arthritis could help you with it.

He’d sell you 2 kilos of blue tongued yak dried testicles an tell you to boil them up for three weeks and drink 3 litres a day of the resultant substance. He would guarantee that “After three weeks no further worry about arthritis!”

By the end of the 3rd week, after drinking this sludge, all your hair and teeth would fall out. I can imagine going back to him and having the following exchange:

Kerouac:  All my fucking hair and teeth have fallen out buster!
Wang:  This is a side effect of the treatment.
Kerouac: Side effect? I am a bundle of nerves about my hair and teeth.
Wang: Yes, but the treatment worked.
Kerouac: It did?
Wang: Yes, you no longer worry about arthritis!
Kerouac: You have a point there Doc.

Casey entered the room and informed me the cost would be $80 for the hour and that would include the hand job.

Anyway, inside the room was reasonably large, appeared reasonably clean and smelled of lineament. In the background was some muzak that was sucking the life and soul out of any music that was played.

Casey has a very pretty face and a really cute voice. Her English is very good and she is reasonably slim with A cup breasts and protruding nipples that are sensitive and a pleasure to kiss, lick and suck. We negotiated $20 for her to take her top of and let me have a little suck and kiss of her breasts. Sh said she was 30 and that looked about right.

Her massage, for what it was, was fine. She was very good on the back, the butt and the upper legs.

Unfortunately, I suspect at massage school she got ‘recognition of prior learning’ for anatomy and didn’t realise the human body had arms and hands and that below the knee there were legs and feet. Those areas did not get a look in. So what she dealt with was fine, but didn’t deal with everything.

When it came rollover time she oiled me up and performed an unusual hand job. In her left had she held my cock below the head with her thumb and forefinger and with the right hand ‘massaged’ up and down the shaft. I am not all that sure this was very comfortable, but it did get me over the line.

After she finished and wiped me up, we had a nice chat. She is actually a lovely lady and all things considered I enjoyed my time with her.

I still have reviews to write about Eva at Billy’s in Marrickville and third time lucky with Lala at Belleview. Those are for a later time.

I must leave now.

I will be back soon friends.

Until that time folks . . .until that time.

Jack


Floor: #7
Post Time: 23rd September 2015, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
29 Marion St, Harris Park - 02 9891 6688
New job in Parramatta has made the old SeaRay tied of sitting behind a screen 9 - 5 so when it was Lunchtime, popped down to this Chinese Medical Clinic for a good RnT with LILLY and for a fee of $70 for 45 minutes, Lilly did a good oily massage with lots of rubbing of the Sack and upon the turnover she sat between my Legs giving my Douver a good pull.


