Thread Title: 392 Victoria Rd, Rydalmere - 0401 281 993
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th June 2017, 10:56 AM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 392 Victoria Rd, Rydalmere - 0401 281 993
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tina
Establishment: Rydalmere- 392 Victoria Rd
Date of Visit :  8 June 17
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 281 993, 392 Victoria Rd, Rydalmere
Hours of Business : 10-7pm
Rates :  35/60 half/hour 
Age :   27-30
Size/shape : petite, slender with slight gut
Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC 
Services Provided : FBM HE
Value for money/WIR:  OK for R&T/ No rush back

Comments: 

I saw a new shop advertised in the Parra Adv listed in Rydalmere area. I rocked in with no appointment and I was met at the door by the Mama-san and 2 other girls pitching in to do some handy work retro fitting the shop to get it ready for future fun. The shop is in a small, older strip mall set slightly back from Victoria Rd. There is a back door and parking along the side of building in front of cafe/kebab shops. 

I was shown to a room with a nice table length horizontal mirror next to the massage table, but the wooden frame walls only went 2/3 to the ceiling, and the door was a cheap, lightweight sliding wooden affair. Despite the nice mirror, my expectations for more serious fun were further lowered, when I saw that at one end of the room, the end "wall" was merely opaque plexiglass where it was easy to see the silhouettes of the girls walk by. The girl I was assigned was changed to a different, broadly smiling girl named Tina. She said she remembered me from a previous visit at another shop from a few years ago (scary). I looked at her more closely, asked her name (Tina) and the shop location (Pendle Hill) and I finally remembered her despite a few changes (longer hair in a curly perm).  Tina's English is good and she is quite friendly. She got a portable heater on a cold and rainy afternoon, which helped only a little as the HVAC split was non operational. A pretty good FBM followed from Tina, with pleasant small talk and a little TT prior to the flip. 

Tina kept her clothes on, citing the lack of privacy from the transparent wall, but saying "next time" as she seemed ok with hands on her booty/cooch and caressing her under her sweatshirt. Nice eye contact, frequent smiles and a happy finish to a good back rub which was what I wanted. 

Tina works Thursdays, but she is unsure of her other rostered days yet, as this was the shop's first day open. I like Tina just fine, but I won't rush to return until they sort out some of the fit and finish issues. Since there are at least 4 value priced FS shops in the industrial area on the other side of Vic Road, for me this may work better as a second stop for a decent RNT.


