Thread Title: 4 The Kingsway, Wentworthville - 0406 450 818
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th February 2013, 03:58 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 4 The Kingsway, Wentworthville - 0406 450 818
				
Post Content: 
Still sort of working and hour or two, I had to see a client in the "Wentworthville Mall" and snooping around Wenty came upon a very suss looking pink painted massage shop on the Kingsway opp the Railway almost on the corner of Station St, It's the usual Chinese 2 room RnT at $55 per hour + $20


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th February 2013, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: 
 The Kingsway WENTWORTHVILLE "Asian RnT"
				
Post Content: 
Arhhhhh.. SR sir.. Keep working.. Why?!.. You keep finding new places for all to see!.. A spotters fee should be awarded to you every time!.. Lol keep ip the detective work Sir.. 

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th July 2016, 07:04 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had to visit a Customer in Wentworthville the other day and when walking down the Kingsway towards this RnT, there was a real old slutty looking Chinese MILF who just walked out of this shop to use the Public Toilets next door, she had the look of a Hand Job Queen but as there were to many People in the Barber Shop, I didn't go in.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th July 2016, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Barber shops have never stopped you before


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th July 2016, 12:47 PM
Poster ID: banger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I agree with you MC & B this is not like our Walkley award winning Searay to let this sort of thing stop his Tug shop investigations.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th July 2016, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Mr Crash and Burn


Barber shops have never stopped you befor
"""



Searay should have gone in and asked for a "Cunt and Blow Job"

That reminds me of an old joke.

Did you hear about the barber who broke his leg?

He could only cut hair on crutches! Boom Boom


Floor: #7
Post Time: 29th July 2018, 07:35 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha

Establishment : 4 The Kingsway Wentworthville

Date of Visit : Sat 28/07

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4 The Kingsway Wentworthville

Phone : Doesn't appear to have one.

Hours of Business : 10am to 7pm

Rates : $55/60mins

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Slim, very small breasts 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Reasonable

My experience/comments : This is a tiny place with just two rooms next to each other. They have doors but the walls go nowhere near the roof. I had to wait a couple of minutes for another punter to finish and for Sasha to change the cover on the table. She then took me into the room where I paid and she left while I got undresed, although she came back in before I was finished. Note that anyone standing in the waiting area will be able to see in when the door on the room is open. The place is that small!

Sasha's massage was good, concentrating on the back and shoulders. When she moved to my legs there was quite a bit of "accidental" brushing of the tackle, and she often ran her fingers across my bum hole. Halfway through my massage a woman came in for a massage so she was taken into the room right next door, and I did wonder if this might stop any extras from happening, since she would easily hear anything.

After wiping off the oil with a hot towel, Sasha ran her fingers lightly over my body and tackle, so it was clearly on. She then patted me on the bum so I turned over. My cock was hard of course, and she smiled and signed for a handjob. I nodded and she held up 3 fingers. I replied with 2, and she then indicated taking off her clothes. I didn't see the point as her body really wan't that great. She started on the hj, but when I placed my hand on her bum, she indicated touching would be extra (even through clothes)!

Her hj was very good, with lots of changes in technique and I enjoyed it for a good while, as she didn't seem to be in any rush to make me cum. Eventually I spurted up my stomach, and she then cleaned me up. She finished up with some massage of my legs and then cleaned me up some more.

This is a good value place for a reasonable massage and hj. Sasha only works there Saturdays, and I didn't see the other lady, but I think she might be more attractive as another punter came in during my massage and specifically asked for her (but she was massaging the woman).


