Thread Title: 411 Park St, Regents Park - 0410 029 493
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th February 2012, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 411 Park St, Regents Park - 0410 029 493
				
Post Content: 
Not having had a good screw since mid December, I was sniffing around Regents Park (on business) and came upon this Asian RnT above a shop on the western side of the railway @ Regents Park that was flashing an OPEN sign and a Massage Poster....entry is via the stairs at the rear of 411 which is accessed from the side street, I was greeted by two M.L.C. Ladies and some how ended up with the shorter stocky 29 Year old MILF from TAIWAN....massage is $50 & a HJ $20...the room had a massage table and an old large lounge which had a towel & a pillow on it which indicated more was on offer so I asked he straight do you fuck and YES for another $30 so it's $100 all up and FS up front... soon she was nude also and she only wanted to do a C.B.J. in the price and so another $20 ($120) soon had her lips sliding natuarally up and down my shaft, even thou she was meaty, she had a great looking cunt so I had her lay on the table for some DATY which she was not that keen on (fancy a women not liking her pussy & clit licked) and she soon relaxed. On with the DOM and she laid side ways on the table for some jiggy jiggy  then turned over for some Doggy then onto the old lounge for more Doggy then finished up in missionary unlit I slimed...now not having had a paid root since 15/12/2011 with Catherine I was so horney and she could not believe how much cum I had for a 60 year old....after the clean up she remained nude for a nice massage to fill the hour in.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th February 2012, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good to see you back SR.. Your travels are endless!.. 

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th February 2012, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"now not having had a paid root since 15/12/2011"    Do free roots not count?   Keep up the good work!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th March 2012, 09:27 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had to take a different route home today because of the traffic chaos and realised that I was near this place and it was Sally's (SaSa at this place) day on. I thought I would drop by on spec and see if she was free. Luckily for me she was. This young woman (around 25 and an ex from 176 Liverpool Rd) is very pretty and has a stunning body and she loves her sex. As I know her well there was no pretence of a massage to start. We went straight onto the lounge that is also in the room  and after a bit of cuddling I started some kissing of breasts and moving on to DATY. We moved to the table and I gave her some erotic massage and move DATY which she enjoyed and she came after about 15 minutes of this. She gave me some BBBJ and then on to sex. Finished with 15-20 minutes of a reasonable massage. Those of you who know Sally will know what a find she is. If you haven't soon her for a while, like me you may have forgotten what you have missed out on. Standard hourly price plus a $50 tip brought a great session. As well as the small, curtained space there is a proper room which is spacious and well set out. Try to get this room f you visit this place. The only real limitations are that she isn't really into kissing and doesn't want her pussy fingered but otherwise a fantastic experience.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th September 2012, 09:18 AM
Poster ID: firstclassass
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Jessie

Address:  411 Park Road, Regent's Park

Hours: 10am to 7pm or 8pm

Rates:  $30/30min, $40/45  $50/60 min plus extras

Age: about 40

Size:  Just over 5ft and slightly chubby

Ethnicity: Chinese

Services:  Massage, RNT, B2B, (FS on offer)

VFM:    Reasonably so.

Called here a few Tuesdays ago as i was in the area and in need of some relaxation. Found the back entrance, which is up the stairs, rang the bell and greeted by ML who turned out to be called Jessie.
Took me into the back room which has massage table and lounge. She gave my crotch a little tweak and asked what I wanted, didn't fancy FS so opted for B2B with tug for $60 all up for 30min (FS would be another $20). She stripped off the started with a perfunctory massage before the B2B  and tug, she was quite friendly, but experience wasn't particularly erotic.  Eventually crossed the line and she finished with a few minutes of acceptable massage.

If in the area I may go back to see what else is on offer as price is OK.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th April 2013, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Nini

Address: 411 Park Road, Regent's Park

Hours: 10am to 7pm seven days

Rates: $30/30min, $40/45 $50/60 min 

Age: 40ish

Size: middle age spread starting to show, b cup slightly droopy

Ethnicity: Chinese, acceptable English.

Services: Massage, Nude HJ

Value for money. It's OK

A bit hard to find. Up a lane off the side street, next to Number 2 Rose Crescent, there is a Massage sign you can't miss in the laneway, then through a backyard and up some steel stairs. Premises are old and a bit tired but clean with a disposable sheet on the table.     Partitions, not to ceiling, curtained doorway.

Greeted by Nini, who offered HJ up front for $20 and a further $20 for nude. She mentioned "blow with condom" but I didnt price it. 

Gave her a massage, found responsive nipples and clit but I didnt see any big O.    I said she would be a good fuck but she didnt take the bait.    Not sure I would fuck her anyway. 

Then my turn, an OK massage, quite firm but not professional IMHO, nice tease, good handjob, towel clean up.

Nini works Sundays.

Premises 6/10
Body 5/10
Massage 6/10
HJ 8/10.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th November 2013, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Keike (that's the way I think it is spelt - pronounced Kay-Key)

Address: 411 Park Rd, Regent's Park

Hours: 10am to around 7pm

Date: 8 November 2013, 11 am

Rates: starting at $30.00 for 30min. Paid $70.00

Age: about 40

Size: 170 cm solid medium build. Small A cup

Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Massage, CBJ, Covered Sex

Value for Money / Recommendation: Not bad.

Three punts in one week is a rarity for me, but after I was crossed the roundabout at Regents Part I turned right instead of left, having suddenly recalled the massage place above the shops there.

I walked up the exposed metal stairs at the back of the building and was greeted by a friendly Chinese woman, around 40 and of a solid medium guid, wearing a black top and industrial strength shorts.

She led me into the front room and I asked how much. "$30.00" was the reply. "How much for extras?" "$50 including hand job". "Blow job?" "$70.00 total". Done.

I disrobed and lay on the table front down, with my face through the hole. What followed was a fair massage, firstly only through the towel, then with some oil, then a firmer (better) massage to finish off. Keike wanted lots of feedback during the massage "you happy?" "that good?" "you like?".

She left the room to get a hot towel to clean up the oil, which was nice. This was followed by a very thorough cleaning of my crack, first with a Wet One, then with her hand. I wasn't sure of this was an attempt at hygiene or arousal. 

Time for the rollover and Keike unrolled out a condom. I asked her if she sucked without a condom, and she responded with a lengthy story about if she was sick she could make me sick and I could make my wife sick and there this a lady in another shop she knew of…

By this stage I was soft again, but her tender ministrations to my balls (no worries licking balls and even lower apparently) then my shrouded cock got my attention. Her technique was excellent and I started rubbing between her legs. "I'll take them off" she volunteered. She removed all her clothes to reveal small nipples and tits, and a completely shaven pussy.

She was already wet despite me being her first customer of the day, so I asked if she wanted to fuck. "Do you want to?" she replied, unnecessarily. Yes, so I stood and she laid on the table at an angle. With one foot on the floor and a knee on the table I slid easily into her for a nice pounding. Lots of fake moaning for a while, but I wasn't going to cum like this either, so I asked her to finish me with her hand. She did a good job but as I was about to cum she clamped a tissue over the top of my cock, which I found both odd and a bit of a turn-off.

All up, this was a bit of a mixed bag. The lady was very friendly and chatty, telling me about her education, the business she owned back in China, and that she'd like to get  different job in about a year. The bonus of full service was nice too, but the ending was not as happy as it should have been!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th February 2017, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 Lucy - 411B Park Rd Regents Park - 0410 029 493
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Regents Park Massage shop

Date of Visit : 17.2.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410029493

Hours of Business : 10am to I think 7pm

Rates : 30 -30min - $50 1 hour massage and $50 FS 

Age : 45 to 55 hard to tell

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese  

Services Provided : Massage cbj Daty FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

This place is pretty good value. i have been a few times and always get a good massage (so far) and the upgrades have always been good.

Entrance is around the corner on Rose Cres, there is an alley way go to end and you will see the massage sign climb the stairs and you are there.

The place is very dated and could do with a reno - but then again the price would not be bargain basement if that was the case.

there are 2 rooms, one has just a massage table and the other has a sofa and a massage table. (2 other room a bathroom and 1 they use as their sitting room)

I called up to see who was on, and was told Lisa and Lucy, I had seen Lucy before but thought i would just take a chance and see which one opens the door.

So Lucy opens and into the room I pay $50 for 60 minutes - she then asks if i want FS and i pay another $50 straight up.

I had lucy last time I was there as she gives a good massage, i like hard massage and she knows what she is doing, when a massage person can pick the areas that needs attention without you telling them you tend to have a bit more faith in them.

Lucy is only short, and a Chinese milf that is not un-attractive, and her massage skills are on point - really even if you just even wanted a great massage without extras I fully recommend (extras are a bonus).

So after the massage and some tackle tickle which was to get me started as I had already upgraded lol, turn over and Lucy starts with some ball sack sucking until she was going from ball to ball and it got me hard as a rock, she then domed up and started with cbj which was good, she suggested I get on top and before I did I suggested Daty which she was happy for me to do and she was right into it, with eyes popping out the back of her head, eventually she said i dont want you to stop but we nearly out of time you should get on top now, which i did and did not take too long to blow.

Lucy cleaned me up and I was on my way.

You will not find any young stunners here, but most of the time you will get a good to great massage and good to great extras.

Will be back


