Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th November 2014, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Angel Massage - 2/32 Hassall St, Parramatta - 0434 068 745
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Angela
Establishment : Angel Massage, Parramatta
Date of Visit :  12 Nov, 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : , 0434 068 745, 2/32 Hassall Street, Parramatta Angel Massage - Parramatta Massage
Hours of Business : 9:30- 19:30, 7 days
Rates :   60 hour, + 50 b2b
Age :   22
Size/shape : a little flabby with baby fat, a/b naturals
Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC
Services Provided : FBM, B2B
Value for money OK
Comments:
Saw Angela from Guangzhou at this Parramatta shop, previously owned by the older Sasha who had this shop last year where no extras besides the happy ending were on offer, but on change of  ownership, things are looking up. Angela, was one of 3 girls there, wearing big librarian glasses, has a pleasant face, with a youthful student look (pix of girls on website are of course BS).

After a fair FBM, with no real TT, she gives me  the, "turn over darling".  At the head of the bed she starts rubbing oil on my chest, leaning  over my head and face and I can feel her boobs occasionally brush my face thru her dress. Soon she asks in a whisper if I want more service, but she says no to anything more than the nude body slide.  She gets naked and I'm a little surprised at the rollie-pollie body and gut she has as her dress did a pretty good job of showing her assets at their best (-definitely not the Angela in the "Gallery" shot). Still, she looks OK and did a B2b allowing me to sim fuck her. 

First she gets on top of  me, but really has no idea on how to do a naked sexy body slide like the Thai shops offer. I try to get her to straddle me and slide her oilded up cooch on my shaft, but she mostly just started with the handy,... nope. Wasn't working and what I wanted, so, I roll her over on her back and she lets me fuck her asscrack.  She is cooperative, letting me nuzzle her neck, etc, and before too long she is wearing the nice "pearl necklace" I blow up on her chest  and lower chin..yee-ha! The other girl I saw there had a kind of raunchy look, so I may stop back when convenient. Angela works Wed and Sundays I think she  said. Metered parking out front, front door entry next to school, shop is at edge of Parra/Harris Park.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th November 2014, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: busyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks mate glad there's a couple options now in parra was getting very sparse at one point


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th September 2015, 06:57 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The SeaRay with the new job in Parramatta has been rubbed and tugged at 29 Marion St, Healthy Massage 5 Ross Street, Julia's 105 Church St, 4/48 George St, and Wendy's RnT so now it was time to revisit 2/32 Hassall Street. Last time I visited this joint, for the extra $50 I got a nude B2B, C.B.J. and a Fuck so it being raining, I thought we should see what the extra $50 will provide except they were busy at 5.30 which is not a good sign and I had to wait until 5.45 when a mid 30's Chinese M.L. with a good rack was available. as usual i offered her the extra $50 up front and she stripped straight away and started playing with my cock but NO pussy licking, no kissing, no cock sucking, no passion no talking she just said you are not my Friend you just Customer but I must admit she did do a good Hand Job then a good massage, so now all the Parramatta RnT's have been visited, I will not bother with the THAI Massage places as there are too many of them


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th November 2015, 04:45 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Edith

Establishment : Angel Massage, Parramatta

Date of Visit : Friday 13/11/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434 068 745, 2/32 Hassall Street, Parramatta Angel Massage - Parramatta Massage

Hours of Business : 9:30am - 7:30pm 7 days

Rates : $35/30, $50/45, $60/60, $90/90, $120/120

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : A little tubby, smallish boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage + hj $20

Value for money/recommend? : Nup

My experience/comments : After finding that Golden Touch Massage has apparently closed I though I'd try this place as an alternative. Its at the quiet end of Hassall Street and located in the shops at the bottom of a block of residential flats, so entry is fairly discrete. Edith greeted me after I walked. She is short and fairly nondescript, and she took me into the first massage room which has floor to ceiling walls, but only a curtain over the large entryway. They've tried to make the place look okay, but it feels fairly temporary.

I asked for just half an hour as I didn't want to waste my time and money if it turned out her massage was no good. This was a good decision as her massage was indeed fairly ordinary. She said she only works Fridays and that this was her very first day here and that she normally works in a shopping centre massage place in Hornsby. We both had a chuckle when she said people never take their clothes off there (I had of course stripped completely before getting on the table) and I commented on how this was a very different sort of massage place, to which she agreed.

She spent some time massaging my back and then my legs, without any tackle tickle, and then asked if I wanted a massage "down there". I said "yes", of course. She went and got a hot towel and wiped me down and then asked me to turn over. She asked me how much I would pay her and I said $20 for the hj and $40 if nude. But she wanted $50 for nude and wouldn't budge. Her body wasn't that good so I said I'd just stick with the hj for $20. She began this, but it soon became apparent that this was probably her first time ever at doing it. She wasn't very skilful and expected me to spurt almost straight away! She kept on giving me funny looks and even asked me if I was ready yet, so I deliberately held off. It wasn't hard to do. Eventually though I managed to cum. She cleaned me up and gave my legs a bit more pathetic massage and then declared it was finished.

She was quite friendly but if this girl is typical of the place I'm not inclined to return!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st January 2017, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : Parramatta Massage 0434 068 745

Date of Visit : 3/01/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/BodyRub...ation/17266399

Hours of Business : Ring

Rates : 60 / 60 mins + 100 the works

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Size 10. B cups. Fit Tight body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : Massage, RnT, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Oh Yes

My experience/comments : Cracker ad says New Management Ultimate Relaxation!!!!! What does this mean?

I had been here a few years ago and had  great massage and FS from a young JV girl so I thought why not give it another go

Walked in after calling to see if they were busy and they are not with 3 girls working. You can park outside for a few bucks meter parking

Cici comes out to greet me and looking around the place looks cleaner than before
Into the cubicle that is close by a heavy curtain and 3/4 walls so not private at all.

Cash for the massage and Cici looks quite nice in short dress that shows her tight fit legs and oh so cute butt
Undress and onto the table and back she comes. Quite a nice beginning t the massage and as she starts to stand in front of me and massage the entire back both my hands go to the top of her thighs and pull her in closer. No resistance so the hands creep up under the dress to play with her butt. So nice it is. This is my normal approach with a new ML as she then knows that you wish to play and play time can start very quickly if the hands keep wandering. LOL

20 min into it and roll over time. You want Hand job? What else is on offer I reply. Bj she says. What about sex?  Cici replies that it will cost $120 extra! FMD that is expensive so I pull $100 out and she aagree's. She undressed with some help from dirty old Unclepj. That,s the part I like best.

Nice body, cute boobs, nice pussy and a great butt.

Anyway the sex was good until we both had finished and she loves being licked up & down her clit. Cici came twice doing that to her.

The table is very narrow for any slightly larger Aus guys like me but she can ride in Cowgirl and with her over the table from behind is great.

After we finished she stayed naked and finishes the massage on my legs and head.

All up it was a very good time and very pleasurable.

Cici works here Monday & Tuesday. City or Chatswood Wednesday & Thursday and 
Friday in Penrith Address: Suite 28, 458-470 High St, Penrith NSW 2750 Phone: 0430 222 159

For all the guys in Western Sydney go enjoy a Friday with Cici she is worth a visit but please be nice to her as she is a very nice girl

Unc


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd January 2017, 08:34 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow, $100 for extras seems over the top, but it seems she was worth it


Floor: #7
Post Time: 23rd January 2017, 05:42 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Charles


Wow, $100 for extras seems over the top, but it seems she was worth i
"""



Where can you get them cheaper Charles?
That is the normal rate most places I go
Send me a PM 