Thread Title: Baan Thai Massage - 67 Macquarie St, Parramatta - 02 9687 3438
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th August 2014, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 Baan Thai Massage - 67 Macquarie St, Parramatta - 02 9687 3438
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lin

Establishment : Baan Thai Massage Parramatta

Date of Visit : 13/08/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Baan Thai Massage (Parramatta Branch) : Home

Hours of Business : 10:00am to 7:30pm and 9.00pm Thursdays

Rates : 60mins/$69 

Age : early twenties

Size/shape : slim, attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for massage

My experience/comments: This is on a busy street in Parramatta, even on a Wednesday morning when I went, and looks completely legit but of course you never know until you try! I was greeted by a Thai lady around forty years old and then taken into one of the massage booths. There are six and all are only separated by curtains - very Thai, although with tables rather than pallets on the floor. She asked if I had been before and so I gave the safe answer of 'Yes' and so she left me in the room formed by the curtains she pulled across. I stripped and laid down on the table and then Lin, an attractive young Thai girl came in. She covered me with a towel and then started the massage. 

Her technique was excellent and surprisingly sensual. She concentrated on my lower back and then my buttocks and pulled the towel down past my bum to facilitate this. It would easily have been far enough for her to get a good look at my tackle. When she moved down to my legs she also got very intimate, with lots of incidental tackle tickle (I discovered afterwards that my balls were covered in oil!) and I wondered if the place might not be as legit as it looks and whether this might go further.

At around this point I heard another bloke come in and ask the older lady about pricing and services. He actually asked if there were any extras on offer (as if they're going to say 'yes we offer happy endings' to someone who has just walked in!). I couldn't hear her reply but presumably it was 'no' as he left shortly after.

Lin then asked me to turn over, doing the usual hold up of the towel - but not very high so she may have been able to see over. She covered me with the towel, but of course that did nothing to disguise my aroused state! She then continued the massage of my legs, which was just as sensual and intimate, but alas did not proceed any further as she carefully kept the towel just over my dick at all times.

Lin's massage was great and she was very friendly and easy to talk to, with very good English. She said she's been in Australia for four years and also works at a massage parlour in Dee Why, even though she lives at Parramatta. I don't think anything else is likely to be on offer here but the massage is great at a reasonable price (even if not the absolute cheapest around).


