Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2017, 03:44 PM
Poster ID: PeeknPoke
Post Title: 
 Beauty Therapy 15/15 Macquarie Rd, Auburn
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lisa

 Establishment : Beauty and massage

 Date of Visit : 27th Dec 17

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 15/15 Macquarie Rd, [COLOR=#417394]Auburn[/COLOR] 

 Hours of Business : 9-7

 Rates :  $45/30mins $65/1 hour

 Age : late 30s

 Size/shape : Slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]MLC[/COLOR]

 Services Provided : massage

 Value for money: Maybe for the massage

This place was previously a little hole in the wall Chinese RnT which shutdown earlier this year supposedly after complaints from the tenants living above.

I had seen the place had reopened as a beauty shop that provided massages as well. The new fit out looks a bit like it was put together hastily and I don't think it will receive much custom from regular beauty goers when they first step in. They have two massage tables closely surrounded by curtains, don't expect too much privacy.   

I dropped in last week and received a Ok massage from a chunky Chinese chick (could not get a name), who nervously tried to solicit a HJ at the end of our session, there was mass confusion around the price, to which I deemed was not worth the effort, walking after giving her $40. Saw the boss lady Lisa on the way out and figure it was worth another try today.

Walked in and she was the only one there, except two builders (they didn't interest me), got the pricing squared away and paid $45 for the 30 mins.

Received a very good massage and back walk, she a light summer dress on which felt great as she rubbed thighs again me hands (thought this was a good sign), however at the end of the session she just said she was finished, I had to ask the question and she smiled and said she did not do that. 

I am guessing because she is the boss and she would be aware of the councils actions with previous tenants. She did not want to risk it. There certainly was a sparkle in her eye, becoming a regular might make the difference, but that is a serious investment at $45 a slug.

I suspect the business will fail given where it is and how it is set up, may be that will be the game changer.

I to get the phone number on both visits, but unless you speak Chinese the number won't do you much good. I will try and get it as I go past next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st March 2018, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: PeeknPoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lisa
Establishment : Beauty and massage
Date of Visit : 21st Feb
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 15/15 Macquarie Rd, Auburn 
Hours of Business : 9-7
Rates : $45/30mins $65/1 hour
Age : late 30s
Size/shape : Slim
Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC
Services Provided : Massage Only
Value for money: Maybe for the massage


I have returned to this little business in the New Year in the hope that Lisa has turned to the dark side, however despite my pleas my visits have remained fruitless.

I have been told that the services available from some of the other ladies that work there, in fact Lisa encouraged me to take one of them if this was the outcome that I was looking for, I opted not to do that because I felt it would break the report that I had already built up, and who knows things could always change.

So if you're looking for a massage only Lisa does a fine job and you will leave quite refreshed, but perhaps a little frustrated, so make sure you've got time to drop in on a sure thing on the way home if you need to.

As for the other ladies I have seen in passing they seem to be fairly run-of-the-mill types, English is not a big thing in the shop, so be prepared with a translator and a lot of sign language and be sure that you work the finances out upfront and clearly so there are no misunderstandings later that need to be sorted out through a language gap.

Again I didn't pay a lot of attention on my way out (or in) to grab the phone number, but as I said before the language barriers there, I think would make a booking call in anything other than Chinese almost impossible.

Interested to hear other members experiences in this establishment and the girls work their, it's a pretty interesting set up. Insist on the private massage room at the back.


