Thread Title: Coco - FAIRFIELD MASSAGE, 31 Dale St, Fairfield NSW -  0451 927 513
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2017, 05:54 PM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 Coco - FAIRFIELD MASSAGE, 31 Dale St, Fairfield NSW -  0451 927 513
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ccoc

Establishment : Fairfield massage

Date of Visit : 10.3.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??????FAIRFIELD MASSAGE - King Style Relaxation ! ?????? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 -7

Rates : 30 mins ------ $35
             60 mins ------ $55

Age : 45+

Size/shape : very skinny - a-cup - Good for her age had a certain attractiveness about her

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK

Services Provided : Massage - 69 - hj - bodyslide

Value for money/recommend? : yes and no

My experience/comments : 

I had tried to book this place about a week prior but was booked and told to come back.

The lady which told me to come back the week before is the same when I has the session the week after.

Coco is a very skinny HK milf and made a point of pointing out how skinny she is numerous times.

So i booked the 60 minutes for $55, the massage which I am always after an above average one was unfortunately below par, it pretty much just consisted of her sliding her hands over my body in what I Can not describe as therapeutic or sensual, so kind of bummed me out a bit in that regard.

As mentioned coco is very skinny and she likes to bring it up in conversation a lot, ahhh yeahhhhh the conversation, if you are lonely and are in need of a chit chat then Coco is the one for you, because I think she could talk under water with a mouth full of marbles, don't get me wrong she is a very very nice person, but the majority of the punt was me just hoping it was going to get better.

Coco told me a lot about her life which coincidentally I never inquired, but she felt the need to tell me. She also inquired about me life in which i kept very vague, but persisted in talking about my line of work ect - it got a little annoying.

She told me how she liked me and my body being muscular, as some men whom are over weight don't give her a pleasant time having to touch --- ok too much info.  

So then came the happy ending, and yes it was happy.

Told to turn over and Coco started with hj with no prompting are question of money (I dont know if this is normal practice here, or just the re pour that had been built with detailed conversation).

She started stroking (oiled up) old fella and then said do you want nude body slide? in which I said yes and, as she was getting undressed she said you give me extra money yes? in which I agreed.

She did like a model pose and pointed out how skinny she is (ummm yep i kinda got that) and she got on top for what was an ok body slide, she then got off and started to rub her I would say a-cups over me, at that point I thought life is what you make it and suggested she get back on top for some 69.

She said yes, looked like cleaned her pussy with a wet one, and got back on top, it was at this point that she went off like a fire cracker, really making a lot of noise and between sucking me and moaning like crazy me licking her clit and surrounds, until finally I blew my load and I kept licking for a short time after until she had obviously orgasmed.

She got off and cleaning me up and made the comment how lucky she was that there was no one in the waiting room or other rooms due to the noise that had just taken place, she also made the comment once again how do i like her body? as she is so skinny.

Coco informed me that she works Fridays, and I think Sundays and maybe does not tell everyone but is the owner, said she is going away for a couple of weeks o/s, and there is a slight connection with Guidford shop too.   

I liked Coco as a person, she is not nasty, if anything she is too nice, she does have a good body and likes to point it out, and she is not unattractive, the ending with A+ above average, but the massage its self was a let down as well as the extended convo.

If Coco did FS I would be back and recommend, but just on the weight of the extras alone it is probably not enough to entice me back at this point in time.

PS: I also forgot to mention the place is small but clean.

 i think it has about 3 cubicles and any degree of heightened noise would be heard easily from small waiting foyer with seats and other rooms.

 She also mentioned that there is a legit?? Doctor that does acupuncture certain days in the back room.

 Parking is easy out the front, and it is on the Fairfield RSL side of the train line and about a 20 meter walk from the station. 

 I am not aware of other lady's that work other days, if others have had a good experience would be good to know as might entice me back for another punt.

 cheers


