Thread Title: Cuiplngs Clinic, 249-259 Merrylands Rd, Merrylands, 9682 1118
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th April 2016, 12:56 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 Cuiplngs Clinic, 249-259 Merrylands Rd, Merrylands, 9682 1118
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Judy

Establishment : Cuiplngs Clinic

Date of Visit : Wed 13/04/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 249-259 Merrylands Rd, Merrylands, 9682 1118

Hours of Business : 10am - 6:30pm seven days

Rates : $50/60mins

Age : mid twenties

Size/shape : slim and attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : I'd noticed this place a couple of weeks ago and wanted to try it since then. I went yesterday at about 11am, but they were busy, so I tried again today, just after their opening time of 10am. Walking in there is a strong smell of menthol and there are three massage booths separated only by curtains. I was greeted by a 40 something Chinese ml and I asked her the price for a massage. She said they normally charge $60 but were having a special of $50 for an hour, so I went with this. She took me into a booth and told me to strip off but leave my underwear on. I did so and laid down with my boxers on and the ml, Judy, came in. She was very attractive, quite slim and petite, with almost no breasts. She had wide shoulders though, but didn't look manly in any way, more like a gymnast or swimmer. She saw my boxers and said straight away that I should take them off. I obliged, although she stepped out whilst I did so and spoke to the other lady - it sounded like she may have been telling her off for asking me to leave my undies on!

I laid back down and she came back in and then put a smallish light towel over me, jumped up onto the table and started to work her way up my body with her knees. She then got off, folded the towel up and used it to just cover my dick and balls. She then began one of the hardest massages I've ever experienced. I've had hard massages in Thailand from old ml's with fingers of iron, but this girl completely outclassed them. She was brutal, literally! There was one point where she was digging into my shoulder and I told her it was too hard. She thanked me and pressed even harder!!! Did she misunderstand me? Later she was digging her titanium tipped fingers into my neck and I told her to stop as it was hurting too much. She laughed(!!!) and pressed even harder! This girl was a genuine sadist!

Her massage of my back, shoulders and neck was torture, although when she was massaging my arms she sat on a stool, rested her foot on the base of the table so that her upper leg was level with the table. and then put my hand on her thigh. From anyone else I would have taken it as an invitation to feel her up. I didn't dare with this girl though - she would have torn my arm off! After torturing my torso, she started massaging my bum. She arranged the towel to barely cover my bits, but then didn't hold back in massaging every part of my bum, arsehole, and inner thighs. There was regular brushing against my tackle, but I was in too much pain to be turned on by it. And that clearly wasn't her intention. She continued the torture down my legs and then finally went away to get a hot towel. She cleaned me up and asked me to turn over.

She started on my legs, with the towel again just covering me, but she included bending each leg and moving it away from my body, which must surely have exposed everything. She also massaged right into my inner thigh, again with plenty of brushing, but once more it was so painful there was no way to be turned on by it. She then wiped me down with another hot towel and declared the massage over.

I know there are those here who like a hard massage, I thought I was one of them until I experienced this! If this is the sort of massage you're looking for then go and see Judy, but it's too much for me! She works here every day except Tuesday and Saturday. Good luck!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th April 2016, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hopefully you're not too banged up and nothing left a mark!

I love a hard massage, but on a few occasions when it's been seriously painful it's left marks that I've later had to make up cover stories for the gestapo.

One time, mrs and I had a couple massage in Fiji. All 100% legit, but for some reason my ML took my request of "hard" as a challenge. God it hurt, and I had to tap out a few times. But I generally tried to take it like a trooper in front of the mrs. Next day my back was covered in bruises, particularly either side of my spine. I could barely lean back into the plane seat on the flight home.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th April 2016, 01:24 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I hadn't thought about that MM. I hope that doesn't happen, although it was a perfectly legitimate massage so I have nothing to hide (this time!).


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th January 2017, 11:43 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Being a sadist and after reading Charles review and thinking "how hard can it be" I decided to give this place a go. Allocated Angela a nice looking younger lady and proceeded to strip off all the gear. Angela came into the room and says oh no you need to put your underpants back on, mmmmm this is not going well, how embarrassingly funny.
Anyway massage begins and Angela pulls my undies down so far WTF did she make me keep them on for. Lovely massage with more than enough crack and sack brushing to keep me interested, but that was it, it was never going anywhere else. Angela gave a great massage with really firm but not crazy pressure and I would recommend her, especially at the special tax dodging cash price of $50 for the hour


