Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th November 2016, 01:59 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 E&R Natural Therapy - 18/ 254 Pitt St - Merrylands NSW - 02 8810 5820 0415 499 098
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Alice (MLC)
Establishment : "Chinese lady relax massage Shop"
Date of Visit :  28 Oct 2016
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415 499 098 18/ 254 Pitt St, Merrlylands
Hours of Business : 10-7
Rates :   35/60- half/ hour
Age :   28
Size/shape : 155 cm almost athletic, a cup nats
Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC
Services Provided : FBM and b2b
Value for money/WIR: no rush, but would see her if in area

Stopped at a new shop listed in Merrylands. The place is in an arcade on the right side as you walk in, and has a rear exit on a side street. I called the shop and was told it was not busy, "come on over" by a youthful sounding voice. The shop has a new fitout in older arcade, with a smell of fresh paint. 

I was greeted by the prettish MLC Beijing Alice, who told me to take off my clothes and lie on the table. She came in and provided a good FBM, with some nice tickle tackle, prior to the flip. I requested FS on turn, denied but she offered 50 for nude. I was hesitant, not only for the low value, but also the previous several interruptions on phone and at door being the only girl at the shop. 

I went ahead with nude anyway after she refused request for FS. Her clothes came off, and she possessed a much better figure than I expected, although very small A tits. She has a rather athletic and atypical sporty booty for a MLC girl and she says said it's because she does squats. 

I stressed I wanted B2B and she did a proper body slide and lots of chest and neck nuzzling, while making nice, sexy noises and allowing me to play with her cooch.  I stayed on the outside, and just diddled her clit. Shot and left a happy camper. Alice works Wed and Thursdays (but was there on a Friday due a sick call).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th July 2017, 04:22 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : E&R Relaxation Massage (or something like that!)

Date of Visit : Sat 15/07/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18/254 Pitt St, Merrlylands

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $60/60mins plus $50 for extras

Age : Early thirties

Size/shape : petite and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : Massage, hj, pussy slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I arrived at 10am and was greeted by Mina who took me into the room, which has floor to ceiling walls, a door, and a sink in the room. I paid the $60 and got undressed and laid on the table while she went to get change. When she came back and started the massage, I asked her where she was from and she told me Malaysia, so I began chatting with her in Malaysian. She was delighted I could speak Malaysian, although she's ethnically Chinese, and this helped to establish a good rapport between us straight away.

Her massage was very ordinary though, and there was no tackle tickle. She didn't go near my dick and balls and I was wondering if anything would be on offer. She used a towel wet with hot water from the sink to clean me up and asked me to turn over. I wasn't hard at all, but straight away she asked if I wanted a hj. When I said yes, she asked if I wanted nude, which I also said yes to. She made no mention of cost, and turned away from me and stripped. When she turned back I could see that her boobs were small and saggy, but with very large protruding nipples, and she had a slight muffin top tummy with a large faded tattoo of flowers on her stomach. Her pussy was mostly shaved with just a tuft of hair at the top.

Her hj was excellent, with plenty of variety and teasing. I started to play with her tits and her lovely large nipples, which she told me she enjoyed. I then moved to her pussy, massaging her clit and, feeling her wetness, slipped a finger inside her. She writhed and moaned in apparently genuine enjoyment and so I slipped a second finger in. She moaned even more and started to lose concentration on the hj with her hand movements getting out of time. She told me that she was supposed to make me cum, not me make her cum! I pulled my fingers out and returned to just playing with her clit.

She commented on how big my cock was, and so I asked her if she would like to rub her pussy against it. Her eyes lit up and she quickly climbed on top of me and started rubbing her pussy and clit against my cock. She was really into this and we were humping against each other with stronger and stronger force and I was getting worried about slipping inside her. But after a while I came and she collapsed on me. I'm not sure of she came at some point too, but she paused a while to get her breath back and then climbed off me. She cleaned me up and then washed herself off and got dressed. She then told me there was no time for more massage and that it was time to finish - we must have been playing with each other for a good twenty minutes! I got dressed and gave her $50, which she was very happy with.

This was a good session, but I'm not sure of she would go as far with anyone else, without the rapport of the language to help.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th July 2017, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went back today and can confirm that the name of the place is E&R Natural Therapy, phone numbers are 8810 5820 and 0415 499098.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th September 2019, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : E&R Natural Therapy

Date of Visit : Sat 28/09/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18/254 Pitt St, Merrlylands

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $60/60mins

Age : Early thirties

Size/shape : tall and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, hj, fs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was greeted by Mimi and taken into the room. Paid the cash and undressed. She came back before I could lie down. She is attractive tall and slim, with reasonable size breasts, and was wearing a very short black skirt.

Her massage was good, although she had some very unusual aspects to her technique. Chief amongst these was sitting on my legs and bum and rubbing her panty covered pussy against me. I wasn't sure of this was just because she couldn't be bothered to sit up or if it was turn to me on. I liked it anyway! There was no tackle tickle of any sort, she didn't even go close to the area when massaging my legs, although she gave plenty of attention to my bum. 

On turnover, instead of asking me if I wanted extras, she started massaging my shoulders. Normally the question gets asked straight away, so I was wondering if there would be extras. She continued to massage me, working down my torso and then on to my arms, where she had another unusual technique that sort of involved flipping my arms. It's difficult to describe. Anyway, she then started on my legs and finally, looking at my cock, asked if I wanted a nhj. Yes please! She wanted the standard $50 to which I agreed.

She stripped to show a very nice body, with trimmed pussy and medium size breasts (no padding in the bra!). She started on the hj and was quite skilled. I began playing with her tits and pussy and, as I moved my finger inside her, found her to be quite wet. She asked me not to finger her though so I just played with her clit and tits. She started sucking on my nipples as well, so I asked her of she did full service. She looked up and around at the large "No sex" sign on the wall and said no sex here. I just laughed!

I think she realised how ridiculous that was and agreed (for another $50). She cleaned the oil of my cock and put the dom on with her mouth and started a cbj. She was quite good! She then climbed up to straddle me, and lowered herself onto my cock, grimacing a bit and making the usual comments about how my cock is so big and her pussy is only small. She was soon riding me though and giving every indication of enjoying it.

After a while I asked her to lie down and I entered her in missionary. I was soon pumping away and she was moaning in what appeared to be genuine pleasure and it was not long after that I was blasting into the dom. Then the strangest thing happened. She took the dom off my cock, took it over to the sink in the room, and washed it out and left it on the sink! It was a brand new dom straight from the packet so she isn't reusing them(!) so I can't imagine why she did that.

Anyway, after the clean up, she continued to massage me for about another 5 minutes and then declared the massage was finished. She's a friendly, attractive woman, although with very limited English, who enjoyed fucking and is definitely worth seeing again. Still perplexed about washing out the dom though.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th May 2020, 07:32 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
On the ABC news last night they were showing shots of various places around Merrylands for a story on Covid 19. For some reason they had a shot of this somewhat hidden away shop. I wonder if the cameraman had any idea what sort of shop it is!


