Thread Title: Glong Thai Massage - 47 Station St, Wentworthville - 02 9636 3515
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2010, 12:06 AM
Poster ID: qgabs001
Post Title: 
 Glong Thai Massage - 47 Station St, Wentworthville - 02 9636 3515
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Opik

Establishment (if applicable): Glong Thai massage
Shop No. 47 Station Street
Wentworthville
NSW 2145

Tel: 02 9636 3515

Open 7 Days 9:30AM - 8:30PM


Prices: 85/60 mins (on specials) / Aromatherapy oil massage is 95 for 60 mins.
More here: http://www.glongthaimassage.com.au/services2.php 

Age: early 20s

Size/shape: petite, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: Massage only

Value for money/recommend?: Depends on needs

My experience/comments: 
Was out west and drove past this establishment a few times and decided to take the plunge (and one for the team). Opik was cute and very friendly but any hopes of extras were dashed when i was aksed to undress but keep my underpants on. 

They have large "rooms" separated by heavy curtains and no tables. The massag eis done on the floor on a futon of sorts. Opik gave a medium massage which was relaxing and not at all sensual. 

This place is greate for real massage and you can even buy gift vouchers for loved ones. Opik was a greate massuese and i would recommend her again for a legit thai massage.

if you want extras, take the M4 and head into town.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th December 2014, 01:39 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Om

Establishment : Glong Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 8/12/14 Mon 10am

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 47 Station Street, Wentworthville Glong Thai Massage

Hours of Business : 9:30am til 8pm

Rates : 60mins/$85 oil massage

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Plain and dumpy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments: Rocked up at 10am and was met by a gorgeous young thing with a low cut top who spent most of her time bent over in front of me writing and giving me an excellent view down her top. She then took me past several curtained traditional Thai massage mattresses on the floor to one of several fully enclosed rooms with a door and asked me to take a shower first. I left my shoes and socks in the room and she took me down to the shower where I got undressed and showered. I then put on the robe that was left for me and went back to the room and laid down on the table. Things were looking positive but I didn't want to push it so I draped a towel over my bum. Another girl came in, not the gorgeous one sadly but a rather plain dumpy one. She flicked the towel up and down, left the room and had a brief conversation with someone outside, and then came back in and asked me to put my underwear on and left the room again. Sigh. I complied and then laid back down on the table with my boxers on.

She came back in, put a towel over me, and then proceeded to give me one of the worst massages I've ever had. You know when someone offers to give you a shoulder massage and then they start to just unpleasantly and painfully dig their fingers into you because they actually don't have a clue how to give any sort of massage? Well this was just like that, except all over my body, and much more painful. She had fingers and elbows made of cast iron and she dug them into me as painfully as possible. It seemed deliberate! Was this retribution for not having my undies on? Anyway, I suffered through it and thankfully she short changed me on the time and it was, mercifully, over relatively soon.

So, a strictly legitimate place with disappointingly bad massage. Avoid!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th December 2014, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry to hear it was a bad punt, Charles. 

Funny name for the shop... "Glong" is Thai for "box" and doesn't look like you'll get any "glong" in that place! LOL


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th June 2016, 07:26 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Glong Thai Massage are opening a 2nd Massage Shop in Herbert Street West Ryde by 30th June.
I have been watching this shop being fitted out for several months and driving past Yesterday I noticed a slutty looking mature THAI MILF inside the unfinished shop, so I parked and asked her about the shop and she showed me the rooms which will be very nice and they will be doing a full body scrub, facials, she told me she owns this Wentworthville shop but when I asked her if they will be doing B2B, she said NO


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th June 2016, 10:25 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting news SeaRay, I'm surprised they are doing well enough to open a second shop. The lady you met was probably Rose who I believe is the owner. It will definitely be completely legit.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th June 2016, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BUGGER, she gave me a Brochure of the Wentworthville Parlour which has her photo on the front wearing a BRA top wrap with her mid drift bare and she looks 40+ which she got out of her newish looking Audi Q5. The fit out of the new West Ryde shop will be first class which has 3 massage rooms, a top looking bathroom to wash away the soap form the body wash, which they do for $195 including the massage, facial but not a H.E. ......


