Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th March 2019, 07:05 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Golden Lotus Remedial Massage - Shop 3 /169 Meadows Rd, Mt Pritchard - 02 9607 0777
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Nana
Establishment: “Golden Lotus” Remedial Massage
Date of Visit:  18 Feb, 2019
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 9607 0777/ Shop 3 /169 Meadows Rd, Mt Pritchard, https://golden-lotus-remedial-massag...business.site/
Hours of Business: 10-19
Rates:   $35/50/60- 30/45/60 min  +$20
Age:  30-35 
Size/shape: Med/Curvy
Nationality or Ethnicity: Vietnamese
Services Provided: FBM, HJ
Value for money/WIR: OK/Yes if in the area

Comments:
Saw an ad on Gumtree for a new RM shop only somewhat convenient to a previous FS appointment. I guessed it could be of the RM variety, but now more relaxed, I was willing to TOFTT. For those worried or needing about location excuses, the “Golden Lotus” shop is near a pub/hotel/Tab and a couple of fast food joints, with easy parking nearby. I was met at the door by Nana, a pretty girl with a somewhat larger, curvier frame for her Vietnamese heritage. She was wearing tight “active wear” leggings, with a top that complemented an ample bosom, but her clothes could still look appropriate for a RM joint. Hmmm..?

She brought me to a “room” with only curtains for walls separating the other tables, but the table and towels all looked and smelled clean. She told me to strip (none of that “keep your shorts on” tripe) and to put my gear in the bucket under the table. OK so far. 

A good towel covered FBM followed, with no real TT, but the occasional promising minor slips around the sack and crack. Flip comes, but still not much encouragement as she is working from the feet up. Nana comes around to the head of the table, we lock eyes and she asks if I want my head massaged (usually a final bad sign for excluding a happier finish). I ask her to do the abs instead. A little arched eyebrow, but soon she’s got the towel lower and lower, and with a signalled tip confirmation, a nice, but somewhat naive happy ending commences.

Since I had just enjoyed a previous session with another Vietnamese girl, I thought that the muffled telltale slapping noise or her misdirected shaft pumping technique would either take too long or would not finish happily.  But, as we’re smiling at each other and she lets me caress her back under her blouse and rub her nice, curvy booty (over the leggings), then I was soon across the line. 

A good massage, not too many elbows and a nice girl. I gave her 20 for a tip and we were both happy. Doubt I’ll be back tho, as it is out of the way for me, but this may a good option for those more close by.


