Thread Title: Health Land Thai Massage - 175A Merrylands Rd, Merrylands - 02 9760 0087
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2014, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 Health Land Thai Massage - 175A Merrylands Rd, Merrylands - 02 9760 0087
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Boo

Establishment : Health Land Thai Massage and Spa

Date of Visit: 15/07/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 175A Merrylands Rd, Merrylands 9760 0087 Healthland Thai Massage and Spa

Hours of Business: 10:00am to 8:30pm 7 days

Rates: 60mins/$70

Age: Late twenties

Size/shape: Short, attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes for massage

This is one of those door in the wall places that is easy to walk past, but upstairs is quite expansive. I was greeted by a short, plain, dumpily dressed and rather grumpy Thai ml and almost walked out but decided to give her a chance. She took me to the back of the shop down some stairs and into a very large room with two large massage chairs on a wall facing the entrance to the room and massage tables to the left and right. There were curtains next to each table so they could be closed off from the main room. She took me to the table on the right and closed the curtains and told me to get undressed and to put on a somewhat threadbare but clean bathrobe, (I guess they are really trying for the spa experience!). This I did, and then a different, more attractive and friendly ml lady came in with a bowl of hot water. She told me her name was Boo and she was from a town to the south of Chiang Mai, where she learnt massage. She asked me to sit down in a chair next to the table which of course meant that the robe opened up (without me having to do anything)! She then proceeded to kneel down and wash my feet in the bowl with my tackle on full display. She didn't bat an eyelid! After washing my feet she told me to take off the robe and lie down on the table, while she went to dispose of the water. Sadly, when she came back she covered me with a towel.

Her massage was excellent, just the right pressure and some really good stretches with a very good technique. Having already seen everything I had to show she wasn't careful with the towel, but ignored my suggestions that it could be removed completely. The massage was very enjoyable and the hour flew by. Whilst not the bargain of the shop at Westmead, this was a very good value massage, and the flashing opportunity with the robe was a bonus. A definite place to revisit!  Boo works there on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday and said she works at another shop in Five Dock on other days.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th August 2018, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is now a Chinese RNT. Please see my separate review.


