Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2018, 05:54 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 “Health Massage Parramatta” 0490 818 330, 4B/37-39 Smith St, Parramatta
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Paula (Thai)
Establishment : Health Massage Parramatta
Date of Visit :  20 Apr, 2018 (Friday)
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490 818 330, 4B/37-39 Smith St, Parramatta
Hours of Business : 10:00am - 8:00pm, 7 Days,
Rates :   30/45/60 mins: $40 50, 60
Age :   30 +/-
Size/shape : 156 cm, 55-60kg, b cup nats
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : FBM, B2b bldy slide
Value for money/WIR: OK/ but no rush to return

Another MP opens in Parramatta – (believe it's related to Joubert St, Hunters Hill).

I stopped today at a new shop on Smith St in Parramatta that was advertising in various places.  Indiscreet front door entrance and up the stairs to be greeted by a late 20's plump and friendly Chinese receptionist. She walked me into the room, walking by a therapist sitting on a couch in a short dress (confirming that there was never much doubt about the place from the ad). I started to strip when the receptionist brought the change from the toll, and immediately started nuzzling my neck, and kissing my chest, licking nipples and talking smack. Ok! I asked if she was with me today, and she made a sad face, saying next time, gave me a light kiss and then brought in the Thai girl who was seated on the couch. 

The Chinese receptionist clearly had the right customer service attitude, but the Thai girl also looked like a good starter as well. The room had walls to the ceiling, small dressing mirrors and a lockable door. My therapist's name was Paula, from ChangRai, possessing a pleasant appearance and personality. She's been here in Oz a few years and speaks fair English. A good FBM followed the brief greetings with lots of small talk. After finishing the back, she started with the TT portion while I played with her bare legs and panties. Time to flip, but she said she was getting the warm wet towel. I asked her to wait until the end, as I prefer the towel at the end, so as not to interrupt the flow (I had just come from a FS session at 22 Brodie in Rydalmere for the $65 morning special with a petite new girl "April", so I was keen to maintain the momentum! more on April soon). Mai Pen Rai, I flipped and...

Paula quickly asked if I wanted to "see more?", but declined the request for FS saying it was her first day and she doesn't do. Ok, $50 nude, after I confirmed that b2b was her offer. Good nude oiled body slide followed, with light kissing, hugging, rubbing with some light shaft licking during the 69 type positioning. Paula finished with a good 2 hand technique facing each other upright. She also works at Bella Vista and Castle Hill (20 Terminus). 

Overall a pretty good session with a nice girl, but not sure if I will rush back when FS is cheaper nearby. Still, I left as a happy chap.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th June 2018, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: Aurelius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Carla

Establishment : Health Massage Parramatta

Date of Visit : 31st May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490 818 330, 4B/37-39 Smith St, Parramatta

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 8:00pm, 7 Days,

Rates : 30/45/60 mins: $40 50, 60

Age : 25

Size/shape : Good ass with a fit bod

Nationality or Ethnicity : Tiawanese

Services Provided : FBM, B2b 

Value for money/WIR: Yes

I read about this place and wanted to give it a try. Thought I would call and ask but reached there to try my luck. Was welcomed by a mamasan who gave a kiss on the cheek before taking the money for 30 mins. The room was nice and cozy with light music playing.
Decided to wait for the girl and then get into the birthday suit. She knocked and came in to introduce herself as Carla. She's a cute one with a smile. I got on the table while having a chat with her and she started with the back massage. Her technique is pretty good and was helpful to clear the stress from my back.
Ever so often there was a slight tickle tackle to send me the messages which I received clearly.
Onto the flip she straightaway asked what I wanted and with about 15 mins to go I opted for the body slide. She disrobed to show a great body and an amazing ass. It was soft and heavenly. She allowed touches but I always ask them before going anywhere with my hands.
Her body slide was pretty good as she oiled herself before jumping on. The body slide was started with a light cat bath to get the engines running and it was no stopping from thereon. I asked her to finish me with her body slide and some boob slide for the junior. She didn't mind getting some splashed onto her chin which she wiped clean with a tissue later. She put in quite the effort to wipe me from top to bottom which was good.
Overall a good time and I would go back but not rushed.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th June 2018, 12:55 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just went to this place but the door was locked. A woman in the shop next door to the entrance said they have closed down.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th November 2018, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep. Definitely closed. The door now carries the bright yellow sign of a company called The Branding Lab.


