Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th November 2015, 04:22 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 Jomjai Siam Thai Massage - 7&8/41 Dunmore Street Wentworthville - 0410 240 238
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jar

Establishment : Jomjai Siam Thai Massage 

Date of Visit : Tue 24/11/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 7&8/41 Dunmore Street Wentworthville 0410 240238

Hours of Business : 10am to ?

Rates : 30/$55 45/$70 60/$90 90/$140 (But opening specials 50% off)

Age : Early twenties

Size/shape : A little chubby but cute

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : For massage, and only while the opening specials last

My experience/comments : This is a new place just opened a couple of days ago. Whilst the address is Dunmore Street, it's actually in The Kingsway opposite the Station, as it's at the end of the small mall that runs between Dunmore Street and The Kingsway. Jar was the only one there and she told me I was just the second customer she'd had. The fitout of the place is reasonably upmarket and it looks like there are two large rooms with double sliding doors and walls that go nowhere near the ceiling. There was just a single table in the room she took me into, but there is room for two. 

I paid $45 for an hour, as an opening special, and Jar left me in the room without any instructions so I just took everything off and laid face down on the table. She came back and wiped me down with a hot towel from top to bottom and then covered me completely with a large towel and started the massage. It was a reasonably good Thai massage but there is no air-conditioning so it was quite hot. I told her that it was hot and I didn't need the towel and she had no problem taking it off me. 

During the massage she basically sat on me while massaging my back and pushed her body against me when standing next to me and massaging me. She was friendly and chatty and I was getting all the signals that this was going in the right direction. When massaging my legs there was the occasional brushing of my balls, which I couldn't describe as deliberate tackle tickle, but she was certainly not going out of her way to avoid touching me. 

After finishing and wiping me down again, she asked me to turn over and put the folded up towel over my cock. I told her it wasn't necessary and so she removed it, again without a problem. She then started massaging my legs and wasn't shy about checking out my hard cock, and as she moved her massage up my legs there was again the occasional brushing of the balls and she became even more chatty. I started to leak a bit of precum in anticipation as it seemed obvious she was going to offer a hj, and when she finished with my legs she wiped them off and then asked me if I wanted ..... my head massaged. What? That wasn't the offer I was expecting! 

My hard, literally throbbing, cock was right there in front of her so I pointed at it and asked her if she would massage there, but she said "no, sorry, I don't do that"! What a tease!! She finished off with the head massage, and then got me to sit up for a bit of back thumping and that was it!

She was a nice friendly girl and we seemed to get on really well. I don't know if she deliberately teased me, but if this place doesn't offer extras I can't see them staying in business long when they revert to their normal pricing, as they'll be completely out of the local market price for legit massage.

There's a website on their flyer which doesn't seem to be connected: www.jomjaisiam2.com.au and so I haven't included it in the contact details. But what does come up is a website for a place with the same name and graphic design as their flyer: Jomjai Siam Thai Massage, Massage Sydney CBD, Massage Haymarket, Massage Quay St so obviously this is an offshoot of that place, which is located in Haymarket. It's not somewhere I'm ever likely to get to, but if someone else does it might provide an interesting comparison. At this stage though, my conclusion is that this is a completely legit place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2020, 10:12 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Oo (no idea how to spell this!)

Establishment : Jomjai Siam Thai Massage

Date of Visit : Tue 7/01/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 7&8/41 Dunmore Street Wentworthville 0410 240238 https://jomjai-siam-thai-massage.business.site/

Hours of Business : 10am to 8:30pm

Rates : $60/60 mins

Age : Early forties

Size/shape : Tiny!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : For massage only

My experience/comments : I'd heard this place had been taken over by Luxsana Thai, a well known R&T so thought I'd give it another go. I can't believe the last visit was 5 years ago!

There's not a lot to say as it was a pretty standard legit massage experience. I was greeted by Oo, who took me into a room. I stripped and laid down and she covered me with a towel straight away. The towel strategically covered me at all times. 

Her massage was excellent, and included the use of hot rocks, which is usually only included in more expensive massages, in my experience.

I paid with a card and it shows on the statement that it is indeed owned by Luxsana Thai. Hopefully this will eventually lead to more services being offered!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th February 2020, 09:11 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : Jomjai Siam Thai Massage

Date of Visit : Thu 13/02/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 7&8/41 Dunmore Street Wentworthville 0410 240238 https://jomjai-siam-thai-massage.business.site/

Hours of Business : 10am to 8:30pm

Rates : $60/60 mins

Age : Early thirties

Size/shape : Slim with good size breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : A little on the expensive side

My experience/comments : I was in the area again and in the mood for a decent Thai massage so thought of this reasonably priced place. The process was exactly the same as last time until she started massaging my legs. The towel which had been covering me completely throughout was moved away from the leg being massaged so that my tackle must have been visible.

Her leg massage concentrated mostly on my upper thighs and was very intimate. Even though there was no actual tackle tickle I was aroused and it must have been obvious.

When she asked me to turn over she immediately covered me with the towel again, and I thought she must just be a tease. But then she gave the universal hand signal for a hj. I nodded yes. She held up five fingers, I held up two. She looked very disappointed and held up five fingers again. I'd given her $100 at the start so there was $40 change sitting there, so I relented and held up four fingers. She smiled happily and nodded. She then leant in close and whispered so I could barely hear her that we had to be quiet as she (pointing to the woman giving someone a massage next door) doesn't do this.

Her hj was excellent. Slow and unhurried with various grips and picking up the pace as I moved towards what became a powerful orgasm.

This was a good and unexpected experience, if a little pricey for a hj in Sydney. Sofia only works Thursday and Saturday, but I can see I'm going to have to try other ladies here in future.


