Thread Title: Julia Massage - 105 Church St, Parramatta - 0406 992 959
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2015, 04:56 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Julia Massage - 105 Church St, Parramatta - 0406 992 959
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ling
Establishment : Julia Massage 0406 992 959, 105 Church St Parramatta
Date of Visit :  29 May 15
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 992 959, 105 Church St Parramatta
Hours of Business : 10- 7
Rates :   55 hour
Age :   35-40
Size/shape : 155cm, plumpish
Nationality or Ethnicity : ML Chinese
Services Provided : FBM, HJ
Value for money: No

Comments:  
Saw a shop advertised in the Para Adv and called before to confirm availability. The shop is on the southern side of the tracks on Church Street, with a metered public parking lot behind the buildings across the street. Walked in and was greeted by a pleasant mamasan who showed me to a tiny crowded room with not enough room to walk around the massage table. The walls go 3/4 to the ceiling with voices easily carried from the girls in the "staff room" next door, making calls on speaker phone and talking incessantly. 
My masseuse was named "Ling", late 30's, nearly zero English, with a non descript figure based on the clothes she wore. Ling gave a pretty decent FBM with no TT prior to flip, when she then signalled for the cash for the handy. I thought she'd made a calculation mistake due to her nonexistent English and perhaps she was offering FS as it was clear she wanted $50. I had left the change from a hundred on the table and showed her a 20 as the standard for HJ. I signalled 20 multiple times, and she grumpily dropped to 40. Nope, forget it. This went on for nearly 10 times, ruining my enthusiasm and her persistence and nagging starting to irritate. I stuck on 20 but finally offered her an extra 5 to finish and get out of there. An average happy ending followed with the exception of Ling making sorta SOAPY faces of orgasmic pleasure or pain which were really just distracting.  I had to ask for the standard wet towel to wipe off the liter of oil she used, and instead of a towel, I was handed a wet wash cloth. I hope there aren't fellow punters spoiling the market while allowing the little head to do the thinking in the moment of weakness-and Ling must be confused by what the other girls may have told her. I may call back to advise Mama-San about Ling's confusion. As an aside, in the bathroom I noted a bucket of some liquid with ownership markings of another shop address (238 Prospect Highway, Seven Hills). Also, received texts from the number I called telling me to go N Richmond- possibly another sister shop. I won't be back anytime soon.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th September 2015, 05:57 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
105 Church Street Parramatta is the 3rd RnT to be tested by the SeaRay since getting the new job in Parra. 
Did the Posters above say how small this joint is. 2 rooms with a door that shuts, I had MIA on Monday who had a great looking chest popping up or pushed up by her tight Bra under a see thru blouse. The $35 1/2 hour massage was crap, she could hardly speak English, the $20 hand job was not good............ ah well now I have tried them out


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th June 2019, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: funnyredfrog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Linda
Establishment :  105 Church St Parramatta
Date of Visit : Two Fridays ago May 2019
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 105 Church St Parramatta
Hours of Business : 10- 7
Rates : 45 mins $60 hour plus $50NHJ
Age : early 30s
Size/shape : skinny about 1.66m
Nationality or Ethnicity : ML Chinese
Services Provided : massage HJ
Value for money: Not really

Comments: 

Happened to need to see a client on a Friday afternoon and thought I would try whatever massage shop is around after all that hard work

no research no expectations

this place is pretty dingy and small inside - two partitioned rooms and you can hear everything going on (not in a good way its really distracting)

I was let in by a slim 30s girl and paid for 45mins

then I lay down waiting or 15 mins whilst the ladies outside discussed dinner plans, buying a house and then had an argument with some indian guy who refused to pay for extras because he thought it wasn't value for money... that was funny.. I was tired so this was relaxing...in the end an even skinnier lady came in and said she forgot about me...

a pretty standard part 1 massage ensued


about 15 mins in she changed gears and started groping the undercarriage in a pretty rough way squeezing and pulling etc...there was no really skill involved it was very agricultural

but I am patient and while I waited for her to change tack or do something else she just kept at it

I asked her to dial it down a notch..she didn't really do that so I just turned over

she whispered in my ear are you ready for part 2

ok.. I was not enthused but I have poor self control so I said ok what the hell and said ok go for it

pt 2 consisted of lightly brushing my body with her hair

pretend kissing various body parts (not the important ones) but really she had her lips closed

then going like a jack hammer on the little Johnson

this last bit did not work for me and after various umming and arring about what she would and wouldn't do... got her to slow to a reasonable pace and and made the finish line with some light pussy play while trying to lick her a cups with her angling them away from my mouth (hate when they do that)


