Thread Title: Lidcombe Massage - Kelly, 0296435888
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th August 2019, 09:17 PM
Poster ID: foxmulder
Post Title: 
 Lidcombe Massage - Kelly, 0296435888
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : Lidcombe Massage

Date of Visit : Monday 29th July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1B Joseph St, Lidcombe NSW 2141

Phone : 0296435888

Hours of Business : 10am - 6pm (I think they might stay longer sometimes but I am not sure) 

Rates : Standard Massage: $35. RNT: +$20. FS: +$50.

Age : 35-40

Size/shape :  Good body, not very tall, actually quite nice looking. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Oh yeah

My experience/comments : I don't punt often anymore, but when I do I almost always end up here. You know what you will find: mature chinese ladies. I don't really care that much for most massage shops where you end up with a young asian girl who wants to charge you 50 bucks just by getting naked?? Then of course once she is naked you want to fuck her but either she wouldn't do it or she will ask for even more money. No way.

This shop is not very fancy, but it is usually reasonably clean. It is on the second floor, right next to the Lidcombe station. I think there is a shower in the bathroom but I am not sure most customers use it. You can see the massage sign from the train, I do almost every day and it makes me smile.

There are usually 2 Chinese ladies, middle age, though sometimes you will find somebody younger. They know the drill, and so do you. I pay the 85 dollars straight away, and they know what I want. 

Kelly is pretty nice, very chatty and has a good body. Typical Chinese tits, not very big but I like them. Shaved pussy and a nice ass. I always try the ass first, you never know but it is a no-no for Kelly. Oh well, I had to 

I undress quickly, I don't even bother with the massage, straight to business. She undresses and gets on her knees right away. My cock disappears into her mouth and boy it feels great. She continues for a few minutes and then she asks condom? In this shop they bring just the condom wrapped into some napkins, it is never in the original package, I guess they want no trace of condom stuff in the room just in case they get somebody from council? I don't know, but they always do that.

Anyway, I tell her, not yet, so she keeps working on my cock. Once I get hard, which sadly takes longer and longer now that I am approaching my fifties, I put the condom on and goes into her. The room is hot, they had those wall heaters on and while it is nice when you come in from the street, after a while you start sweating quite a bit.

We try a couple of positions, I like doggy style and her ass is really nice, rounded and apparently welcoming (at least in my mind), so I try again but it is a "pussy only" arrangement. Well, her pussy is nice so that is not a problem 

After 25 minutes I know I am approaching the end so it is time to pull out, take the condom out and go back into her mouth. The end is inevitable and she takes it as a trooper. She doesn't pull out, she keeps my cock in her mouth until I am done. Good girl.

I had quite a good time, so I have to ask her is she is there every Monday. Unfortunately she is filling in for "Lily" (that's an original name for a Chinese WL!), so she might or might not return to the shop in the future. I think she tells me that she sometimes works "on the other shop" but her English is not really great and I struggle to understand her.

Anyway, quite a satisfying experience. This shop is quite good and almost never disappoints if you like mature or semi mature chinese ladies rather than young princesses. I, of course, will be back.


