Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th October 2017, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 North Parramatta Massage, 16 / 421 Church St, North Parramatta 9890 3557
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mina (Chinese) 
Establishment : North Parramatta Massage
Date of Visit :  23 Sep 17
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 / 421 Church St, North Parramatta, 9890 3557
Hours of Business : 10:-19:30
Rates :   $40/50/60 for 30/45/60 min
Age :   25-30
Size/shape : Med, droopy B+ nats, lacking shape/ muscle tone
Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC
Services Provided : FBM, Nude ltd B2B
Value for money/WIR:  No/Not for her

Comments:
Saw this shop advertising Cracker/Backpage in N Parra on Church St; when I was nearby I called and heard a Thai accent telling me "available now". Sounds good, I'll be there in a few minutes to TOFTT. 

The rooms in this place have been decently re-furbished in an older little strip mall that fronts North Church St, and is oddly co-located with another Thai (RM) shop nearby. The upstairs rooms are private, with large tables built for fun, full walls and lockable doors- and a bathroom downstairs. Front and back doors, with convenient council parking nearby. Good so far- however, it's all about the staff...
Rang the bell at the back door and was met by the Thai girl on the phone, who quickly let me know that it was Mina's turn for me as the next customer (MLC girl). Ok:< 

Said hello to Mina and I followed her upstairs. She was friendly enough, wearing glasses and a short little blue jean skirt with bare legs and speaking decent English. She said she was 22 (maybe late 20s, or more). Her appearance was not quite the type of girl you would try to chat up at the pub or turn around on the street for a second look. She was OK at the FBM and did a little TT prior to the flip with me rubbing her bare legs probing for the possibilities for the extras later.

Upon the flip, she unfortunately ping-ponged some negotiation on her various services, including her initially refusing a query on FS. Her first offer on the nude prices were well above market (usual 50 I countered), with her then telling me she would "f*ck" me with some more dirty talk now trying to upsell me. But I could not see the value considering her average looks and high asking prices. 

Settled on 50 for the nude and I later regretted it. She has some large tats (possibly covering scars), and droopy b cup naturals. The negotiations, coupled with her sub-par naked appearance, and an uninspiring B2B performance made me wish I had opted for some nearby FS shops instead. The ending was rather lackluster. Guess that's punting. Other girls on the posted roster look promising, and may improve my opinion of this place, but I won't be rushing back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2018, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Liddy (Chinese) 

Establishment: North Parramatta Massage

Date of Visit: 5th Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 16 / 421 Church St, North Parramatta, 9890 3557

Hours of Business: 10:-19:30

Rates: $40/50/60 for 30/45/60 min

Age: 30-35

Size/shape: Tall, nice figure, bolt-ons 38D – Nice job too

Nationality or Ethnicity: MLC

Services Provided: Nude ltd B2B, HJ

Value for money/WIR: Definitely

Comments:

As described in another review "The rooms in this place have been decently re-furbished in an older little strip mall that fronts North Church St, and is oddly co-located with another Thai (RM) shop nearby. The upstairs rooms are private, with large tables built for fun, full walls but thick curtains Not DOORS and a bathroom downstairs." 

Walked in about 6:00pm, after tossing up whether to go to the Thai 2 doors up or this one, chose the Chinese massage. Enter and there is a receptionist about 40 who immediately shows me to the room upstairs askes how long, and takes the money. Upon leaving she say "get undressed and have fun"

Before I am undressed Liddy comes in wearing a sun dress that shows off her great boobs, I notice she checks out my cock as I get on the table. The massage starts and I will say it was an extremely competent massage, finding the tight spots and loosening them up. She starts with the towel over your back and pummels away, before removing the towel and then starts the oil massage. Once the back and bum are done she then does the legs and bum and the inside leg very proficiently. While this is going on I am rubbing her legs all the way up to the crutch, with a bit of pussy rub through the knickers. She was a little shy at first pulling away but the started to enjoy my touches in the end.

On the turn she asks if I want off pointing to her dress, I say of course. The dress comes off, and I say knickers too and the come off revealing a nicely trimmed pussy with easy access to the clit. She then hands me wipes to clean my hands which I do readily. She continues to massage my front hoping on the table with a little body to body, which was extremely enjoyable having the wonderful boobs with great nipples rubbing up my legs over my cock and up to my chest and back…

She then gets off the table and starts a competent hand job, using one hand to pay with my arse while the other massages my balls and cock. While this is going on I have found her clit and am rubbing away while her juices flow. I ask for daty but am told next time. The pending explosion is all too quick. 

She then dresses, gets warm towels and proceeds to give me good clean up, I dress, tip her $50 which she seems pleased with. You guys in Sydney get it so good compared to Melbourne….!

All in all a great punt.


