Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th July 2018, 06:26 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Old Toongabbie Massage "Bodi Craft" 0469 319 933 /3/9-11 Picasso Cresent, Old Toongabbie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mimi
Establishment: Bodi Craft
Date of Visit: 5 July, 2018
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0469 319 933 /3/9-11 Picasso Cresent Old Toongabbie
Hours of Business: 10-7
Rates:   $35/50/60  30/45/60
Age: 35 (looked 25)  
Size/shape: Medium B Cup natural
Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai
Services Provided: FBM Nude  B2b
Value for money/WIR: OK/Good service

Comments:

I saw a promising new MP shop listed on Locanto that took over a beauty shop in Old Toongabbie. Called and was told to come right over. I was advised that there is a back door and that the front still has the sign for the old beauty shop "Bodi-Craft" above the door. Parking was plentiful around back. On arrival, I was greeted by a familiar looking mama-san named Doris with some yappy Pomeranian guard dogs. I could not place where I've seen them all before (the ankle biters should have been a clue), but she acted like I was a regular, despite new shop or not. I later realised this mobile number was also associated with Cynthia Massage on Castle Hill Road (maybe closed now?). 

Doris showed me to a room, I paid the toll and soon in walked a pleasant Thai girl named Mimi. The room had a proper door with the walls going to the ceiling, but the table was too small for my liking and for more serious fun. Mimi chatted in good English while she gave a pretty fair FBM (few marks off for too much elbow work). When she stood at the head of table I gently caressed her hips, then her bum to check the attitude- all good. Then a little rub on the bare legs while she was standing at the side prior to the TT and just before the "turn over darling". Some fun TT prior to the flip and she asked me directly about extras. Unfortunately, no FS available (ever) she said, but she offered the nude with B2B for the standard 50. Ok.

She peeled off her little dress, showing sexy underwear and a nice womanly, but firm body (curvy, but not fat) with some lovely natural B cups and great smooth skin. I was later surprised when she confessed to being 35. She did lots of neck nuzzling, light lip kissing, with nipple kisses and sweet sexy noises. She took it slow at my request, and slid around a lot on top of me, expertly playing with the tackle most of the time. Soon I christened the wall and Mimi cleaned us up, chatting with nice goodbyes. Mimi worked that Wed (on school break), but said she would normally work Monday and/or Tuesday. I think she has also worked at Ocram Lane in Rooty Hill as well. A nice session, mostly because she is a nice girl, but in the future I'd only stop there if and when convenient.


