Thread Title: Parramatta Traditional Thai Massage Centre - Parramatta - 02 9806 0355
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th June 2014, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 Parramatta Traditional Thai Massage Centre - Parramatta - 02 9806 0355
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jasmine

Establishment : Parramatta Traditional Thai Massage Centre

Date of Visit: 26/06/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 36 Phillip Street, Parramatta 9806 0355 Parramatta Traditional Thai Massage Center

Hours of Business: 9:30am to 9pm 7 days

Rates: 60mins/$85

Age: 27

Size/shape: Slim and very attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

From the outside this place looks very unassuming, more like a rnt place than a legit massage, but the inside is much more upmarket. I went about 10am and was greeted by a very attractive young Thai girl whose name I found out later is Jasmine. I asked for an hour oil massage, but she upsold me to an hour and a half remedial massage for a total of $140. She asked me to sit down and remove my shoes and then while she washed my feet (a very pleasant experience which I always enjoy) I watched as two other attractive young Thai ladies walked through the reception area on various errands. If nothing else there was plenty of eye candy at this place!

After the foot washing Jasmine took me upstairs and into one of the two rooms. One room has three tables in it separated by curtains and the other, smaller room, has two tables without any curtains. Both rooms have floor to ceiling walls, and doors, so they are quite private. She asked me to get undressed but leave my underwear on and stayed while I got undressed. As soon as she saw that I was wearing boxers though, she asked me to remove them as well (which is why I always wear boxers to a massage! ). I of course said "sure" and took them off straight away and was thus completely naked in front of her. She didn't blink an eye, just had a good look and then asked me to lie down while she left to get the oil. 

When she came back she draped a towel over me and kept it on all the time, but she was not particularly careful in keeping me covered with it and must have gotten a good look at my cock and balls while massaging my legs. Her massage was average, although I had said I just wanted a relaxing massage, and her English was very good. She has a delightful personality and we chatted about lots of different things while she massaged me and I enjoyed the time with her very much. There was never anything like tackle tickle and she certainly didn't offer anything beyond the massage, but her relaxed attitude about the nudity and friendly personality make me think it would be worthwhile going back to see if there is anything more to be offered to a regular. The privacy of the room would certainly facilitate it. Jasmine only works on Thursdays and Fridays as she studys on the other days.


