Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2017, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Red Rose Health Care, 3/36 The Horsley Drive, Carramar, 0416 801 588
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: YoYo
Establishment : Red Rose Health Care
Date of Visit :  15 March , 2017
Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0416 801 588 / 3/36 The Horsley Drive,  Carramar
Hours of Business : 9:00am to 7:00pm 7 Days
Rates : $35 half, $60 hour  
Age :   35+/-
Size/shape : 155 cm, 65 kg, roll or two
Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore claimed (MLC more likely)
Services Provided : FBM, FS
Value for money/WIR: No/No

Comments:
Got a text from this place advertising a new shop in Carramar, S western Sydney. This shop was said to be related to 41 Helen St Sefton (where cum stains cover the walls, and a chorus of FOAM moans are heard over the ¾ walls). Anyway, I rocked up at this Red Rose and was met by a 35yo girl calling herself "YoYo" (second YoYo this week!?), who was wearing a little red mini skirt, with her cleavage and tramp stamp showing above the boob. YoYo had B cup nats with a butterfly tat above the left breast, light brown skin and claiming to be Singaporean (but doubtful), with dyed brown hair and was sporting Shar-Pei pooch type fat rolls. 

Since I did not think I was going to get too much of a therapeutic FBM, I opted for the 30 minute option. Early on she quickly was teasing the sack and crack and had whispered about the extras within about 5 minutes. On the flip, we negotiated FS, which she acted hesitant as we could hear the tradies finishing a new fit out and the walls were not full to the ceiling. I told her I had a condom and we were off to the races. She wanted me on top, but for the extra $70 price, she would need to work and she would need to start with GOT. Soon, I was ready to switch, and we both noticed the condom had broke. Despite her previously telling me FS on the menu not at this shop, she produced her own condom and we switched to doggie. 

In doggie, her ass crack stank bad enough to be distracting and while I normally enjoy all the visuals, I was afraid I'd see the brown toilet paper cling-ons dangling from the ass hairs in her crack.  This was enough to have her flip her over to finish early in mish. 

Many SW Sydney MPs offer the FS finish with a MILF for $ 50. IMO, there is little value for paying the higher FS toll for older chooks at the MPs when some decent licensed shops offer a better selection of a youthful line-up for nearly the same asking price. These MPs girls know how to exploit a woodie weakness and I won't be back to this one.

Not sure if Carramar is classed as "Central West" or "Southwest". Please move if necessary, thanks.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2017, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Dickbrown.

"Woodie Weakness"

Love it.


