Thread Title: Relax Massage 400 Merrylands Road Merrylands 9897 5212
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th October 2019, 08:13 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 Relax Massage 400 Merrylands Road Merrylands 9897 5212
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Relax Massage

Date of Visit : Sat 27/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 400 Merrylands Road Merrylands Relax Massage Clinic - Relax Massage Clinic

Phone : 9897 5212

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $60/60 mins

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : a bit dumpy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, hj, cbj, fs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : You'd think a shop with this name would be a guaranteed rnt place, but I visited a few years ago and was greeted by a stern faced caucasian woman in a very professional uniform who informed me I had to make a booking, It was very clearly a serious and completely legit place. I left and never returned. Driving past recently though it looked as though it may have changed hands as the signage was now advertising it as a thai massage shop, whch it definitely wasn't before.

I was greeted by an attractive young Thai woman who took me into one of the rooms, which have floor to ceiling walls and a lockable door. I paid the money and was told to strip. Sarah came in shortly afterwards and I was a little disappointed as she was older and less attractive than the other girl. Her massage wasn't much good either, although she said she had been taught in Thailand. It was monotonously repetitive and involved a lot of painful use of her elbows, and she kept me largely covered with the towel. She didn't seem the sort to offer extras and so I was wondering if all I was going to get was a poor massage and sore muscles.

After the massage she cleaned me up with a hot towel, and then started running her fingers softly across my body, including just the occasional tackle tickle. She then asked me to turn over and continued running her fingers lightly over me. She then asked if I wanted a hj, and indicated it would be $50 for nude. She wasn't that attractive and she appeared a little overweight, but I agreed any way. She stripped to show reasonable size, if slightly saggy, breasts and a bit of a tummy, as I expected.

She started the hj, and I started to play with her tits and then moved my hand down to her pussy. I started playing with her clit and then slipped a finger in. She moved so I could suck on her tits as well and she started writhing with pleasure - I think she was enjoying the pussy play even more than I was enjoying the hj! She then surprised me by asking if I wanted more. Sure! She wanted another hundred dollars though! I almost laughed, and then said I only had another $50 to avoid further negotiations, and she agreed. 

She got out a packet of wet wipes and started fishing around in it, eventually bringing out some condoms she had hidden there. She applied one to my cock and then started an awesome cbj, bobbing her head up and down very rapidly on my cock. After this she climbed up on top of me and started riding my cock. Again, her technique was excellent, contracting her pussy around my cock in time with her body riding up and down. She was enjoying this herself, and it was a little funny watching her face contort with pleasure as she rode me. I held off as long as possible but eventually I came hard inside her. She asked if I had cum and, when I said yes, she rode me even more frantically and obviously had an orgasm herself. She may not have been the most attractive woman, but she loves fucking and is good at it!

It's very unusual to find a Thai place around here that does full service, but Sarah was very secretive and was regularly advising me to be quiet and stopping herself from making noise as well. So I don't know if all the girls here offer this service. As I left I saw more of the other girls, and they were all stunners, so I was unlucky in getting the only girl who isn't but perhaps lucky in getting the one who would provide fs.


