Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2018, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 Remedial Massage 9/254 Pitt St, Merrylands 0410 039137
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisah

Establishment : Remedial Massage 

Date of Visit : Sat 22/09

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9/254 Pitt St, Merrylands 

Phone : 0410 039137

Hours of Business : 9:30am to 7:30pm

Rates : $35/30 mins

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Slim, large breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage and nude hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but not for the massage

My experience/comments : I was planning to visit E&R Natural Therapies when I noticed this place had opened up in the same little arcade directly opposite. It looks legit from the outside, and it seemed unlikely that another rnt would open up directly opposite an existing one, but there was only one way to find out.

I was greeted by an older chinese woman who took my cash and led me into a large new room with a door, but walls that don't reach the ceiling. I could hear everything happening outside the room (which meant anything in the room would be heard by everyone else!) I undressed and laid down on the wide table. Lisha then came in, a reasonably attractive 40 something Chinese woman, with apparently large breasts (although you can never be sure until they get undressed). Her English was good, and she told me they have only just opened this week. 

Unfortunately her massage was terrible. She used no oil, and had a weird technique which was unpleasant and painful. At one stage she was pinching rolls of skin on my back - ouch!

She also kept me covered with a towel most of the time and I was seriously starting to doubt if any extras would be offered. Even on turnover she kept me covered with the towel, just moving it enough to massage my legs.

However, after massaging both legs, she finally asked if I wanted a hj. I said yes, and she asked if I wanted her naked too? Yes, please! She asked for $50 which I agreed to.

She stripped to show a slim body, a tummy that shows her age, and fantastic very large breasts! She applied a little oil to my cock and started the hj. She was much more skilled at this than the massage! I reached down and played with her pussy, and she quickly became quite wet and started moaning. She then thrust her breasts in my face and said: "please suck". I was happy to oblige!  Her moaning increased and she slipped a finger into my arse and started a prostate massage. This was too much for me, and I quickly squirted gobs of cum over her hand. I'm not sure if she came as well, but she certainly seemed to enjoy it. 

She then cleaned me up and finished with more unpleasant massage. I think next time I will offer to massage her instead!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th August 2019, 03:29 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Remedial Massage

Date of Visit : Sat 17/09

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9/254 Pitt St, Merrylands

Phone : 0410 039137

Hours of Business : 9:30am to 7:30pm

Rates : $35/30 mins

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Not many curves, smallish breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, nude hj, cbj, fs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I've been here a few times with similar service to my first review. This was the first time I'd seen Lily, a reasonably attractive 40 something. Her massage was better than the average here, although she spent the entire time massaging my back and arms, with my lower half covered by a towel. I was thinking I'll be lucky to get a hj!

However, after wiping the oil off (just with some tissues, no hot towel here!), she moved the towel up onto my back and immediately started to play with my cock and balls. She did this for a few minutes, and then indicated I should turn over. She asked if I wanted a hj, and I said yes, so she oiled little Charlie up and started to wank away. She then indicated she would take off her clothes for $50. Sure! She stripped to show smallish tits and not much of a figure. I played with her tits and pussy while she continued to masturbate me.

She then seemed to ask if I wanted a bj (her English was very limited), but that was the way I interpreted what sounded like "suck?". I agreed of course, but then she pointed to her pussy. I thought she was asking if I wanted to lick her. I declined, as she had a full bush. But she then asked again if I wanted "suck?". I realised then that she was actually saying "fuck?". I agreed, and she asked for $100.

She then dommed me up, and gave a very good cbj while I was sitting on the edge of the table. She then laid down across the table sideways and spread her legs. There was a very slight smell, so I was glad I didn't daty, but I entered her quite tight pussy (with some grimacing from her), and then had a very nice fuck missionary style with me standing up. It didn't take me long to fill the dom.

This was an unexpected bonus at this place as fs is quite unusual - it obviously depends on the ml!


