Thread Title: Silverwater Massage Therapy Centre - 0405 456 388
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th January 2018, 12:08 PM
Poster ID: Rayo
Post Title: 
 Silverwater Massage Therapy Centre - 0405 456 388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Silverwater Massage Therapy Centre, shop 142, 79-87 Beaconsfield Rd Silverwater

Date of Visit : Thurs Jan 18, 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405456388, not sure if she advertises

Hours of Business : 10 Am till? by appointment only

Rates : $65 one hour +$20 tip for HJ

Age : Mid thirties

Size/shape : Short, solid build with B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage and clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : not for me

My experience/comments : I often drive past this place when working and decided to pay a visit so I dropped in but Linda was busy and only takes appointments and no walk ins. I made a booking for later in the day. wen I went back Linda took me into a small room near the front and I paid the $65 for one hour. It appears that there are only two massage rooms, no shower just a hand basin. 

She told me to undress and gave me a basket to put my gear into and I stripped down to my undies and lay face down on the table. She returned and put some oil on my back and gave me a fairly good shoulder and back massage, pretty firm and used a lot of elbows. I tried to explain that my lower back is a problem but I think her english is limited. After about 20 minutes she moved down to my bum and thighs and removed my undies and actually gave my bum cheeks a good rub and moved down to my thighs and calves and then some long strokes up and down my legs with just a hint of Tackle Tickle.

About thirty minutes in she went and got a hot towel to wipe off the oil and motioned for me to roll over and did my shoulders from her position at the head of the table and was leaning right over so her boobs were rubbing against my head, still fully clothed at this stage. As she proceeded to my stomach there was some light touching around and on my old fella which started to grow with the stimulation. She then said she can massage here and pointed to my now erect penis, she said $20. I asked how much for nude but I do not think she understood and went around the side of the table and got a lot of oil and applied it to my dick and started to rub me slowly.

She did pull down her top on the left side and extracted her boob, which was nice size with very pink nipple so I could have a play but clearly totally nude and body to body were not available, Considering the limitations she delivered a reasonable HJ. although a little too quick at times and I did manage to unload and she did keep squeezing and stroking until I was completely spent. She then went out again and got another little towel and cleaned me up.

The massage itself was good and a competent if somewhat limited HJ, which I guess is fair value for the money I paid.
I went there to satisfy an itch that I had but I do not think I will return as her services are too limited for me. I have not seen and other reviews for this place and would like to hear from anyone else who has been there as maybe I was too polite or her services are limited.Cheers

Rayo


