Thread Title: TaraMassage  -  Parramatta - 8872 8208
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th November 2016, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 TaraMassage  -  Parramatta - 8872 8208
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Amy (or sounded like Emmy)
Establishment : Tara Massage
Date of Visit :  16 Nov, 16
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8872 8208/18a Phillip St, Parramatta/   Tara Massage Parramatta
Hours of Business : 10-8
Rates : 30/45/60  = $40/50/60
Age :   26
Size/shape : 155cm, chubby, B nats
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided: FBM, FS
Value for money/WIR:  Good fun, but would look for other girls

Comments:
Stopped into a new shop ("Tara Massage") advertised in Parra on Phillip Street. Called and told it was not busy. Up the stairs to L1 and was I greeted by a Chinese lady, but MLs seemed to be Thai girls. The receptionist showed me to a clean room with walls to the ceiling and a proper lockable door. Following her into the room a moment later was a somewhat chunky, but kinda cute Thai girl in a short dress who later said her name was Emmy (or Amy). 

She smiled and told me to take off my clothes and she would be back shortly. Emmy came back in and did a competent enough FBM. On the plus side, having a dedicated receptionist means no phone or doorbell interruptions, which I wish was standard. 

She left the towel on most on the session, and only giggled each time my dangling arms rubbed her bare legs or hips, but she gave no real TT or warm up prior to flip. I turned and once she noticed my full attention, she asked if I wanted extras. "Yes", then offering nude for 50. When I asked for the works she said she wanted 100, then 80, but seemed happy to take 70. 

After agreement, she left and returned shortly with a skin and got right on top, starting first with a little cowgirl upright on the table, then light kissing and cheek to cheek where she almost seemed like she was going to come. Me too, and since it's about me, I slowed her down, as whether it was real or FOAM, I was getting too close. We then changed to doggie, finished in mish on the massage table.  Quite pleasing, even if a little over priced, but all up, a fun session. 

There was also another Thai, but slender, girl there who looked good. Emmy works Wednesdays, but next time I'm in the area I would look for a less "Pum Puey" girl on another day. 
Mods, if this is too much info for this forum topic/location, please edit as you see fit, thanks.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th November 2018, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Tara Thai Massage

Date of Visit : Sat 10/11/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18a Phillip Street, Parramatta

Phone : 8872 8208

Hours of Business : 10am to ?

Rates : $60/60 mins

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Petite, good size breasts, attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Masage, nhj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I had completely forgotten about the review above, and this place, and was in Parramatta looking for a legit Thai massage. This shop looked to fit the bill. I was greeted by Lulu who works reception but was the only one there first thing in the morning and so she agreed to massage me. Presuming this to be a legit place I left my undies on and Lulu started the massage.

It turned out Lulu is from China, and none of the girls there now are Thai, they are all from PRC. Lulu's English is good and we had a good chat while she massaged me. Her massage was good. When she moved down to my legs though she asked if she could remove my underwear, stating some reason I did not make out. I agreed of course, and then her massage began to include lots of excellent teasing tackle tickle. 

On turnover, she asked if I wanted a hj, and I asked if she would do it naked and she readily agreed. She has nice large tits with large nipples, so I asked if could suck them while she wanked me. She was very happy for me to do so. I started sucking and then reached down to her pussy and started playing with her clit. Soon she was quite wet, and I slid a couple fingers inside her. She was sopping, and my whole hand was quickly completely soaked. We frantically wanked each other until we both came, with her just beating me and collapsing on top of me.

She then cleaned us both up and finished the massage with a very relaxing head massage.

Lulu said she has a boyfriend who is 70, married, and does not have sex with her(!) This is probably why she was so extremely aroused from the finger fucking. I will definitely be visiting again as I am hopeful things will go even further next time!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th November 2018, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lulu fits right into my mamasan fetish, what was the required gratitude Charles?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th November 2018, 07:52 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry,, I forgot to mention that. She didn't ask for anything so I gave her $50 and she appeared happy.


