Thread Title: YoYo - Diamond Dream Massage, Auburn - 0426 162 868
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2017, 05:29 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 YoYo - Diamond Dream Massage, Auburn - 0426 162 868
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: YoYo
Establishment : Diamond Dream Magic Hand Massage
Date of Visit :  13 March 17
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 162 868 8/20 Northumberland Rd Auburn
Hours of Business : 10am- till 7:30pm, 7days
Rates :   $40 half/ $60 hour
Age :   35+
Size/shape : Med to chunky
Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC
Services Provided : FBM , FS
Value for money/WIR: No/Not for YoYo

Comments:
Saw on ad on "Backpage" for a new shop opened in Auburn and stopped over to TOFFT. This location had previously had a MP there, but it was long closed years ago. I was greeted by a nice enough looking receptionist named Coco, but unfortunately, I got a MLC lady named YoYo, from Shenzhen. 

This YoYo is 35+, about 153 cm, 60+ kg, kinda plump with some belly rolls, rather droopy natural b/c cup cups, pleasant enough demeanour, with an average appearing, roundish face. She was wearing short cut off jeans. Her legs were bare, and during the first part of the session she continued to straddle my hanging arms, and she seem to encourage my hands to naturally roam. Her bare legs below the knees were prolly shaved at least a few days prior as the growing hair stubble was a bit of a turn off.  

After the pretty decent FBM and a little TT, on the flip we had negotiation on potential FS. She seemed to prefer the nude happy ending for $50, but I couldn't see the value there, since she was no Glamazon with a few K's on the clock and the scale. Per usual, I can't think straight with the little head. Stupidly, I agreed to pay a high FS toll +75 and she went off to get a dom. 

She stripped, and I regretted the deal upon seeing her nude. She started by giving me a quiet hummer CBJ, followed by GOT on the table, then doggie and finish in mish. YoYo was nice enough, but like a lot of WLs from Guangdong province, she was a keen negotiator, it's all about the money and price trumps everything. 

Nothing special with YoYo, but the receptionist Coco looked decent, spoke better English and may be worth a return, but she only works when all the girls are busy. I won't hurry back. I left by the more discreet back door which empties into a parking lot out back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th March 2017, 06:23 PM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 Diamond Dream - 8/20 Northumberland Road, Auburn - 0426 162 868
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : ?

Establishment : Diamond dream massage

Date of Visit : 24.3.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.backpage.com.au/BodyRu...hotos/33195757

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : 30 mins $40
45 mins $50 
1 hour $60

Age : 

Size/shape : Sort of N/a but who I did see was about early 30'd size 10 - c-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nill - walked

Value for money/recommend? : n/a

My experience/comments : 

So found myself with some spare time and was tossing up between 176 Hume Hwy Enfield or Park rd regents Park.

Was heading towards enfield and thought about the traffic on the return trip so, thought i would try the sister shop in Lidcombe, hit a traffic jam and diverted and ended up in Auburn, I remembered seeing the ad on Back Page for the massage shop on Northumberland Rd (wish I brought it up on my phone - will explain ), was lucky a van pulled out just few shops away and got got parking which looked like a pain in the arse to get a spot.

So I suss the place out and walk past the first time and there is a giant freaking steal door on the front that looks like it should be in a bank and plastered in bright massage signs on the windows ect, so if taking the front door, and you are looking to be discrete it aint going to happen, as also only 2 meters from foot path.

So walking back towards the place being a unit block I figure there may be another entrance, I walk down the side and there is a side entrance that someone is walking out from but i can also see it looks like no adjoining doors there, so keep walking and see alley way at other side of back car park (which is full btw), and sure enough I see the number 8/20 in large letters on the door which was ajar.

Walk up there is a door bell - bonus they expect visitors at this entrance.

Early 30's ok looking Chinese taking me through their little lunch area into what I think was a broom closet at some stage.

She says what you want?

I say massage?

She says: how much you have?

I say: How much you charge? (yes I should of looked up the bloody ad and went from there)

She says: you want everything - *me paused* she says you want everything --- full service?

Me: umm how much

me again: Umm how much? as I pull out my wallet as I was pretty sure how much I had (which i thought would be enough $110)

** So I get my wallet out and open it and she sees what I see a $50 with notes behind it

She says: full service 1 hour $150

At this point I could of sworn the normal prices were the norm r&t rates - and my thinking was its hard to go back from being up-sold as the service will probably suffer.

I said; I only have $110 (she could see by this stage)

She said ok dont worry and took the money

and then said, as she walked out............ you can have 30 minutes and I will bring you $10 change

I said no - I was wanting an hour, and she shut the door and walked away.

So I hear her talking Chinese and the only English is here calling Coco, so I am guessing was not even going to be her doing the service.

I came out the room thinking wtf I sure know how to give myself a hard time, and I said the her I really wanted an hour - she said oh sorry I dont have $10 change for you, I said that's ok cause I want all my money back, she looked at me like mmmm this does not normally happen people normally let me boss them around, I said it again with a different tact, I really want an hour, i will get more money and be back - she said ok whilst still not giving my cash back ---- I said umm yeah I will take the $110 and be back soon, she just laughed and said how long, when you coming back?

Me: yeah like 20 minutes.

Obviously after all that I was not going back, and nor did I get a punt, but there is always another day.

On another note the hallway to the left had what I think were the normal massage rooms with doors, and not the broom closet I ended up in, how anyone could even walk around the table to do massage leaves me scratching my head.

And although the back door does have a door bell and number ect maybe the shit above wont happen if you just use the freaking front door, but I know a lot of people in a lot of suburbs and I like discrete - discrete suits me just fine.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st March 2018, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: PeeknPoke
Post Title: 
 Diamond Dream Massage - Auburn
				
Post Content: 
Establishment : Diamond Dream Massage
Name: Susan
Date of Visit : 13/3/2018
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8/20 Northumberland Rd, Auburn 0426162886
Hours of Business : 10 till 9.30
Rates : $40/30 Minutes + $50 NHJ
Age : 20 yo
Size/shape : Slim body with B cups
Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese
Services Provided : Massage and NHJ
Value for money/recommend? : Yes



I found myself in Auburn on a stray Tuesday afternoon, I had to park a little way away from the station and as I walked down to the shop that I needed to go to I spied this establishment and thought I would drop in on the way back.
The door wasn't locked so I let myself in and was quickly pounced upon by the Mamasan who was a delightful lady in her early 30s dressed in cut-off jeans and a T-shirt, she advised me that she wasn't one of the workers and quickly introduce me to Susan, Susan is a slip of a girl and was dressed in one of those very typical tight short next to nothing type one-piece dresses that are typically seen in these places.
I was quickly ushered into a room which had just enough room for a mattress on the floor and a nightstand with a lamp, at this point I realised I was not going to receive a full remedial massage by a qualified professional. Not that that was going to ruin the visit.
Susan explains the prices I agree on the NHJ which is really just the two of us lying on the mattress naked exploring each other's bodies which was delightful fun, eventually things came to a head and we spent the remainder of the time talking about her time in Australia and some of her personal hobbies, we exchanged WeChat details got dressed and proceeded to leave. To demonstrate health in the walls were and the lack of privacy the boss was waiting outside the door with the shop number written on a small piece of paper, because she had overheard me asked of these details.
Susan is a lovely girl and very keen to take care of you, her inexperience and her focus on "this is just a job" made the visit a bit mechanical but certainly better than a lot of shops which are just factories.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th April 2018, 07:50 PM
Poster ID: Punterman2
Post Title: 
 Diamond Dream Massage - Auburn. Lin. Punterman's first massage.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lin

Establishment : Diamond Dream Massage, 20 Northumberland Road, Auburn

Date of Visit : 29th April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://locatepleasure.com.au/listin...-hand-massage/

Hours of Business : 10am to 7.30pm

Rates : $150 hr FS

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : slim, petite, teenage body, natural b Cups, pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : cbj, DATY, light kissing, FS sex

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : 

I was shopping in Auburn this morning and walked past this massage shop near the train station so I thought I would pop in and try my first massage. Was met in reception by a nice young girl who took me to a small room with love music playing on the stereo and a massage table in the middle. Nothing else in there.

She said do I want "one hour with everything", so without asking what that meant I just said yes and she takes my $150 and closes the door. The door then opens and Baby Lin walks in. Nice.

I want a wash and ask if there is a shower and the boss says no so I go to the bathroom and wash my cock and arse in the sink in there. I can't believe that massage shops don't have showers. There must be a lot of dirty cocks, arses and pussies in there and I feel sorry for the girls that they get fucked all day and can only wipe themselves down with wet wipes. Yuk. That was a big surprise.

Lin is early 20's, teenage body, long black hair, pretty and is wearing denim hot pants and a black push up bra showing her nice young titties. I like what I see. Young, firm and hot, a good combination. 

She speaks no English but we are not here to talk so I gesture for us both to climb onto the small massage table and we kneel facing each other. She gestures me to lie down but I say "no masaage" so we start light kissing and she kisses my nipples as I play with her tits in the bra and reach around to grab her firm, sexy bum.

Lin is younger than most girls I would see in FS shops and my cock is rock hard thinking that I will be fucking her soon.

I slowly undress her until she is naked and then she hops off the bed and puts on a condom and gives me a great blowjob, her standing up with me sitting on the bed. She sucks my cock and plays with my balls and I massage her tits and then reach down and feel her moist pussy. I massage the inside of her wet pussy and get a finger inside but she says no and like a naughty boy, I pull it out.

I was in the shop at 10am opening time so I was Lin's first customer. Her pussy is clean and  fresh.  I lift her onto the massage table and open her legs wide to expose her little, naked pussy. Very softly I start some DATY expecting her to say no but she lies back and I lick her until she is nice and wet and close to orgasm. I grab the dom that she placed under the pillow and fuck her in mish slowly and deeply.

Fucking on a massage table felt quite naughty to me and after mish she climbs on top in cowgirl and I play with her lovely soft breasts as she fucks me. She is very wet now and as we fuck I am massaging the back of her wet, stretched pussy lips, feeling my cock getting pumped hard as she goes up and down. 

I flip her over, fuck her some more in mish and then stop. I give her some more DATY and she is going off now so I fuck her in mish and motion for her to masturbate her clit whilst I deep fuck her. She rises to a strong orgasm as I fuck and she masturbates and as she cums, she puts her hand over her mouth to muffle the sound. Cute. Our room is next to reception and the room that the girls use between jobs so she didn't want anyone to hear. Again that felt quite naughty.

Time is almost up. I whip off the dom and wank a good load out all over her lovely titties and then we both wipe ourselves down with wet wipes. I desperately want a shower and I am thinking how dirty Lin's pussy will be on the late shift after she has fucked several customers that day. I really think that all shops should have showers.

I look at the floor and it is a mess of tissues and wetwipes. We both get dressed and I thank the receptionist and leave into the fresh Auburn morning.

I enjoyed my first massage even though there was no massaging going on. I liked undressing Lin and I enjoyed fucking her on the massage table as it all felt a bit naughty. Fucking is not easy though as the table makes it difficult to fully penetrate the girl and so I imagine that most Part 2's are slow mish, cowgirl and perhaps doggie whilst not making too much noise. Is that correct ?

I will go again as I have the taste for it now. Lin was a pretty, young girl, willing to please and I enjoyed my time with her and enjoyed the thrill of my first massage.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st July 2019, 07:44 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 8/20 Northumberland Road Auburn
				
Post Content: 
After getting wacked off and sucked off with very hot water blow job at the "Golden Finger Massage" at 1/53-55 Rawson St Auburn where I had my cock burnt, I was going to target another AUBURN RnT at 53 Auburn Road which does show scanty clad Asian M.L.s on their wed site (including a back door entry) a this RnT popped up at 20 Northumberland Street Auburn which looked interesting.
Being such an Adventurer, I could not resist and soon found myself at the "Silver Gate" entry to this well established RnT for a $40 rub from a Chinese Youngster who offered a Nude Handy in which I paid her only $40 to strip off and wack the Ole SeaRay but I did feel Guilty as she was 3 years younger than my Daughter which did make me feel uncomfortable which is why I do like the old Boilers


