Thread Title: 1 Kyle Street Wolli Creek (cnr Princes Hwy)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st July 2019, 11:18 AM
Poster ID: viencero
Post Title: 
 1 Kyle Street Wolli Creek (cnr Princes Hwy)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joey

Establishment : Massage Shop

Date of Visit : 20/07/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1 Kyle Street, Arncliffe cnr Princes Hwy, close to Wolli Creek

Hours of Business : 9:30am to 8pm 7 days

Rates : $40/30min, $50/45min, $60/60min

Age : looked 40

Size/shape : C cup, Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and no

My experience/comments :

Sorry I didn't get an address or phone number. I only used Google Maps for address. This one I literally drove by and just walked in after seeing a massage sign out the front. You can't miss it as the shop faces the main road (Princes Hwy). Might not be good for locals as its very exposed. The shop is in a brand new apartment block and therefore, so is the shop. Been open probably 2 months. The shop front has typical massage window pane vinyl job and a big flashing massage sign.

Inside the shop looks clean and new of course. The rooms are decently sized, although the rooms aren't fully enclosed. Above the door is a gap. I'm guessing it was for passing council regs.

It was the only lady available at the time I went in. She's mature and a bit chubby. I really wanted to walk but she begged. So i thought I give a new shop a chance. The lady is very friendly and chatty in mandarin but not so good in english as she told me. I guess for the mature lovers, they may find her enjoyable. i reckon she may have been a good looker in her younger years.

Her massage is typical chinese style, fast rubbing and pokes everywhere but not getting any knots out. Kinda like an Aussie pollie, all talk and fussing about but no real results or action haha

After years of going to massage joints, its very hard to find someone that excites in the second session. Part 2 just goes like this, soft fingertip brushing on your back, then turn over, she gets naked and then just a mecanical handjob. I'd like to expand but really, any seasoned punter knows the drill well enough.

Its a new shop and they're trying to recruit, so i may return at a later time to see if they bring in younger girls.


