Thread Title: 10 Station St, Kogarah - 0405 452 819
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2015, 01:13 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: 
 10 Station St, Kogarah - 0405 452 819
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : ?

Date of Visit : 22/02/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Upstairs 10 Station St Kogarah 

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $35 30 mins, $55 hour.

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : 5'6", B-C cups, size 12 belly 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, rimming, fingering, probably more if you require it.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : I keep things local on the weekend on account of Sydney's rubbish traffic issues, so headed in here not expecting much just wanted to keep it simple. Annie allocated herself to me and that was OK she is somewhat younger than the usual here and that appealed. Financials taken care, i stripped off lay on the table and a reasonably good massage commenced, a fair bit of spinal manipulation and poking, was quite good. I should mention only a few minutes after starting another lady, much older, entered the room and they attempted to do a switch on me which I jacked up about and refused, all settled down again with no repercussions. Probably 15 minutes in (1 hour session) there was a lot more attention paid to my bum which I generally welcome and I realised it was a bit of tongue action, most pleasurable. Soon she was both stroking and licking my cock and I'm thinking I have struck gold here! 

This continued for 10 minutes and I'm reverse gripping her thighs and sliding a finger inside her undies to find a nice shaven wet pussy. Soon she dispensed with the undies both top and bottom and it was access all areas especially her dripping cunt.  Rollover was completed and she showed no signs of tiring on the blow job and I can take some time to cum. She alternated from BBBJ to rimming and back again whilst I finger banged her and tried the stray finger to her freckle but she was not as accommodating there so I went gently but I suspect with the right build up...... 

Eventually with great technique she got me to the point of no return and she skilfully pulled away so as to not cop the load in her mouth, I didn't mind it went absolutely everywhere, don't walk around the rooms in bare feet.

A good experience would see her again.

Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd February 2015, 07:56 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review wanderlust.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd February 2015, 07:29 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
An ad for this business,





			
				At Kogarah 0405 452 819
Sydney, NSW
Description:

Chinese Massage 10 Station St At Burwood New 8034 8870 185G Burwood Rd, Cr Livingstone

Date Listed: 20/02/15
Ad ID: 2070674V16
Also posted in: The Daily Telegraph
Views: 236
- See more at: At Kogarah 0405 452 819 - Announcements - Community - NewsClassifieds


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd February 2015, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Not sure of name - Sign says Acupuncture, Massage etc

Date of Visit : 23/02/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Upstairs 10 Station St Kogarah (next to Spice Shop) opposite station.

Hours of Business : Until 7:30pm evenings

Rates : $35 30 mins, $55 hour + extras ($30 BBBJ)

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : 5'6", B-C cups, size 12 belly 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, fingering (my ass), probably more if you require it.(as mentioned by Wanderlust)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes Id say so..

My experience/comments : 

I just decided to go there and drove down, parked and walked up the stairs. A spur of the moment decision.

I went up the stairs and their buzzer goes off just as you reach the top. I walk in and see a milf Chinese sitting in the room and possibly having lunch. Out walks a younger girl which I can safely say is Annie (mentioned by Wanderlust earlier).

I ask rates give the nod for $35 for 30 minutes. With 30min bookings I usually avoid the back massage by mentioning that I have sore muscles in the front of my thighs. This helps me cut to the chase sooner. Financials done and I get gear off except undies and I lie face up on the table.

Annie is a nice natured chick. Nice friendly conversation and some laughs. She used the deep heat type stuff on my thigh and brush my cock with the back of her hand. She did it a couple of times and I then took it out and said "its not that big". She then said "ill go wash my hands" - LOL.
I dispensed with the undies and she came back still wearing the dress but no undies.

No soon after she was sucking it and she had a great rhythm and hand usage. A BBBJ with the hand wank action up and down. She is pretty good I reckon.

Now my issue was that earlier in the morning I had a wank in the hope that the desire to go see a ML would subside. It kinda worked but I still headed to the Kogarah.

I then asked if they do doubles and she said yes. I said how much - $100 if you quick and $120 if you not"

OK so I say wheres the ATM, I'll be back in a minute. I then walk out to their tea room and say to the MILF "you cool with that idea" she says "yes yes I will suck it good" - LOL - classic Chinese trash talk.

I return and as I enter I say to the MILF "OK lets go"

She comes in the room and I remove her bra will the classic one hand reach around. Now the issue here is that some people look better with cloths on. Oh well. I sit on the couch and she begins sucking. In walks Annie and she says why you down there, gestures me to sit on edge of table. MILF sucks for a while then Annie takes over. Annie is way way better, with the hand and suction. MILFY is tweaking one my nipple as and licking the other. This does nothing for me.

Then MILFY gets condom, puts in on and get on the table. I wasn't thinking root but launched into her while Annie played with my ass.

I pounded but wants going to cum. Girls talking in Chinese, probably something like "has this bastard cum?" or "fuck he can pound" - whatever LOL

Annie starts sucking again and at that moment the shop buzzer went off and MILFY starts quickly dressing so she can greet the punter that, in retrospect, did me a favour. From there I gave it to Annie in mish (with rubber) for a while and then she continued BBBJ and then I stepped in and got myself over the line. Thats me getting a bit impatient. At this time I could hear punter in next room pounding MILFY.

General thoughts:
Annie is pretty cool.
I reckon both her and MILFY would be up for just about anything
I could possibly go back but its interesting how before you cum you can be sure you will return but as soon you drop the load you think I wont be coming back.
Great BJ Id say. Would return for a blowjob only. I reckon Annie digs giving head. Whats better than getting your dick sucked by a girl who loves sucking dick.
No real glamours here.
Not clock watchers.

Cost: 35+20 for first 30min with Aniie + $100 for double that was probably 30-45 minutes (with MILFY existing early).

Hope my report helps.

BomberD


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th March 2015, 08:15 AM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : 10 Station St Kogarah

Date of Visit : 11 March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Opposite the railway station - upstairs. Phone number in this thread.

Hours of Business : 10.00am until 7.30pm apparently

Rates : $35 for massage, plus $50 for BBBJ, DATY, FS

Age : I'd say 30-ish

Size/shape : About size 12. Curvy/chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - from Beijing she said

Services Provided : Pretty much anything you want except anal!

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for the experience

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I found myself in Kogarah for work and had some spare time over lunch. A quick check of AXR and read about "Annie" at this place and decided to try my luck. Up the stairs (it's a VERY public entry/exit so bear this mind if it's an issue) and was met by a 40-something MILF. I asked for Annie and she seemed quite disappointed I didn't want to see her. I guess this happens quite a bit.

Annie came out and, to be honest, didn't appear as attractive as what I'd read in the reviews. She also looked about 30 to me, not 25 as some people said. YMMV.

Into the room and gave her $35. She left and then came back. Her hair was down when she came back into the room which, to be honest, made her look better than before. 

Lay on the table and within 20 seconds of starting the "massage", Annie said, "what you like?" 

Being the first time here I wasn't sure how open to be, so I just said, "I want you to make me feel sexy and make me feel good". 
"Ok", said Annie and immediately put oil on her finger, spread my butt cheeks and slid a finger into the poop chute! Jesus H Christ on a bicycle!
It's straight into it in this place! LOL. 

Annie alternated fingering my ass with rimming me. Not something I normally go for, but it felt quite nice. I turned over without being asked and she immediately went down on me giving a very good BBBJ and managing to take most of it in her mouth. She seemed to actually enjoy sucking cock which is always a good sign. 

After a few minutes I got her to stop and lay her down on the table. We DFK'd for a bit and then after some tit-sucking I went for DATY. Annie is shaved, but it wasn't perfectly smooth. There was a few days growth there, but no issues. She certainly juiced up! Annie seemed to enjoy this and came, or pretended to, after about 10 minutes. I asked if she wanted sex and she replied, "fuck me now". Good answer!

On with a dom that I had in my wallet and did her in missionary, cowboy on the sofa, doggie and mish again before pulling out, ripping off the dom and shooting a healthy load over her tits which she seemed pleased with.

A clean up with wet wipes (!) and handed over $50 which she was happy with. No shower here, unfortunately and no towel offered, so I felt a bit rank afterwards.

Back out into the day.

Verdict: Not a bad place if you just want a quick release including FS. Annie is nice enough with OK English, but not the best looker. Not ugly either, just plain. Annie and the whole experience I had would fit nicely into somewhere like Yoko's at Rydalmere, so that should give you more of an idea if you've been there before. Not sure I'd go back, but an interesting experience all the same.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th March 2015, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: muppets2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Having problems copying and pasting the template on an iPad tonight.

Tried this place Monday 9th March upon reading the review from Wanderlust.  Was met at the door by a 40 something Chinese lady and told to come back in half an hour.  Came back and was ushered into a room by the same lady.  Paid my $55 for an hour and got naked.  The door opened and closed and I put my head up to see some young Chinese girl around 25 years old named Sasa.  Very good looking girl who gave a surprisingly great massage for a rub and tug joint.
Around the 40 minute mark she was stoking me all over and teasing me with her long black hair.
Ended up paying another $35 for naked handy.  Smallish tits, no pussy play allowed but some dfk which was nice.
She seems to be very new at this which was nice.  Only works on Mondays.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th March 2015, 09:57 PM
Poster ID: JIRAN
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Annie is nice enough with OK English, but not the best looker. Not ugly either, just plain. Annie and the whole experience I had would fit nicely into somewhere like Yoko's at Rydalmere
			
		

 funny you should say that, i think annie is an ex yokos girl called amy


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th March 2015, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She'd fit right in at Yoko's, Jiran! LOL


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th March 2015, 05:58 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : 10 Station St Kogarah

Date of Visit : Weds 25/3/15

Hours of Business : 10.00am-7.30pm

Rates : Pretty standard rates for Rent
I paid 100 for 45 mins 

Age : guessing 30-40....

Size/shape : Short and a little chubby..

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : massage (sort of) dfk, bbbj, rimming, FS. ....

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.....If you like mature Asians that go the extra mile...

My experience/comments : Had time to kill today and after seeing reviews of Annie thought I'd give her a go.....
As said before,  shop is upstairs beside the spice. shop and parking is not too bad depending on what time of the day. .
Met by Annie at the top of the stairs and into a room with walls to the ceiling but not really well insulated because through the session I could still clearly hear the other girl on her phone so I'd reckon anyone outside would have heard us too.....
On to the punt. ....money agreed on and clothes ditched ....warm embrace with dfk and onto the table. .....didn't want oil and she drags her fingers over my back and legs before starting to kiss me down the back and into the arse crack. .....tongue action starts. ..heaven. ....nice rimming and turnover so bbbj can begin. ...very nice..
Climbs on and more dfk....then sinks down and the head slips into her....cowgirl then laid her back on the table and drilled her slow and deep......she loves this..
Finished in doggy and had to leave because we'd gone over a bit and the next punter was waiting. ...
All in all quite a satisfying punt....will consider a return visit if I'm in the area....


Floor: #10
Post Time: 27th March 2015, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: rubme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Hotwheels, was this bareback?


Floor: #11
Post Time: 17th April 2015, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie and Karen

Date of Visit : mid February

Rates : nominally $35 for 30 minutes, plus ....

Age : 35-40 or so

Size/shape : short,  very floppy belly.

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : massage, cbj, cfs, etc.

Value for money/recommend? : yes for the experience, probably wouldn't return

My experience/comments : this place is on the western side of kogarah station,  in a  street exemplifying Sydney's multi culturalism. Up stairs the place looks like it was professional offices 30 years ago. I walk in and a lady walks over to me, grabs my cock and says "what type of massage would you like?".  "You must be Annie" I think,  and yes, she is. I hand over the $35. She pushes me backwards toward a lounge and as I sit down she moves to lick around my balls.  The sequence of events here is a bit blurry, but somewhere along the way I agreed on bj and FS for $50. She's happy  to do a BBBJ. I'm a big supporter of BJs, but having had a UTI, I now only have CBJs. Anyway, this lady knows how to suck cock, andd does so energetically and enthusiastically. She has quite a belly, looks like she recently gave birth to triplets, and large amount of belly flops around as she is sucking away. Not exactly my thing.  Looking up she she asks how about a double. I tell her I only have a further $15 on me. Not a problem she says and Karen joins us.  Karen is a similar age, taller and a touch slimmer. And in my view sucks cock even better than Annie. Karen doesn't speak English so I talk to Annie only. Time for CFS and Annie explains that Karen is having her period, so Karen leaves, Annie sits on the table and I enter  her.  Again, her belly doesn't much for me, but she  gets full marks for enthusiasm.  The best bit was the double BJ.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 22nd April 2015, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: surfnturf200
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 22/4/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 10 Station Street Kogarah, 0405 452 819

Hours of Business : 10 to 8

Rates : $35 for the half hour

Age : About 25 to 30

Size/shape : Short with extra weight but I don't mind.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage BBBJ FS   + $50

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah...it was ok..

My experience/comments : Sitting at home on a rainy day looking through the reviews and saw this place that I hadn't been to for years as I used to see another MLC ML here for some fum...place hasn't changed and a good clean would be nice.

Walked up the stairs, buzzer went off and Annie came and opened the door and took me to the room on the left. She was wearing a short tight fitting yellow dress...Average looking girl but who am I to complain, she probably thought the same about me.

Annie leaves the room and allows me to get undressed..I leave my undies on and I sit on the table. Annie comes back in and stands between my legs and gently rubs my cock (which is rock hard instantly) and asks me what I would like...I gesture HJ which she says is ok....gesture BJ and she touches her mouth and says OK....point at her pussy and she says ok and walks out to get a condom.

She comes back in with me now nude sitting on the table puts the condom to the side and comes between my legs where we kiss and touch each other bodies.
She slowly starts kissing my neck, to my nipples and then licks her way down to my balls and works her way back up to the tip of my cock...I am hard and wet and she proceeds to give me a very nice soft blow job managing to get most of my cock down her throat...been a while since I had a BJ and it was nice to look down and see a girls head bobbing up and down on my cock....I was just going to settle for the BJ but wanted a bit more...
I asked if I could lick her pussy and she said yes. I jumped off the table and she lay down and spread her legs inviting me to come in and lick her pussy but I couldn't do it. All I wanted to do was be inside her so I grabbed the condom ( it was a thick industrial type )put it on and lay on top of her with Annie gently putting me in. It felt good to be inside her.

This wasn't one of those bang for your life sessions but more of a slow and enjoyable one...there was heaps of eye contact and soft little kisses and I loved the way she tightened her muscles around my cock...Annie put her legs around mine and put her hands on my butt and pulled me in....I fucked her a bit harder and her soft moans had me shooting a big load in her.....I gently pushed my arms up off the table and we both smiled at each other, she relaxed her legs but wouldn't let me out of her yet....I moved my hips around a bit which she enjoyed and she tightened up again and then relaxed ( maybe she came)...and we chatted for a minute or 2 before I pulled out got up and cleaned my self up with tissues...Annie cleaned herself up, dressed and then offered me a massage for a few minutes which I accepted...
Towards the end of the massage, she came to the top of the table, crouched down lifted my head and we chatted for a bit...it was a really nice touch.
I then got up and cleaned my willy again with a wet wipe, dressed handed over the $50 and we chatted for a few more minutes.

Annie said that this was here 2nd last day here as she was looking for another place..she was chasing dollars.

Overall an ok punt. She is nice and friendly, likes a chat and I enjoyed it...Just wish they would fix the place up.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 22nd April 2015, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Love to know where she moves to...


Floor: #14
Post Time: 24th April 2015, 09:05 PM
Poster ID: surfnturf200
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure mate...she didnt say where


Floor: #15
Post Time: 25th April 2015, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I believe they have just purchased and reopened 375 West Botany Street Rockdale....just a long from Bunnings and Fitness First


Thread Title: 10 Station St, Kogarah - 0405 452 819
Floor: #16
Post Time: 8th May 2015, 06:25 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Yumyum, [or it sounded like that]

Establishment : 10 Station St Kogarah

Date of Visit : 1/5/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : 35 for 30 min, I gave her 60

Age : around 30

Size/shape : short nice tits ,slim, quite attractive.

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments : 
Popped into this place last week as the rain was making me horny, straight up the stairs and was greeted by a lady who took me straight in, I was hoping that it may be Annie but wasn't sure, however still decided to go ahead.
I gave her $60 so that was an indication of the level of massage that I wanted, but communication was very difficult, she was gesturing HJ motions and I just nodded my head.
Massage was ok, nothing special, some long strokes and some poking, she said to turn over, hoping she might do a body slide, but all she did was take off her clothes, but left her underwear on, so there really wasn't an opportunity to have a play, finished the HJ, got dressed and left, would I see her again?, no, moving on.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 18th August 2015, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: rabman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name :  JoJo

Establishment : 10 Station St Kogarah

Date of Visit : August 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : 35 for 30 min, plus $20 hj

Age : 30s

Size/shape : average not ugly but not pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes and no

My experience/comments : 
Went in for what I hoped would be a therapeutic massage. 
Was greeted by JoJo she told me to strip right off.
Told her I had a sore back and if she can give me a nice massage. 
Massage was pretty crap and she started brushing my dick 5 mins into massage and asked if I wanted full service. I declined and said a hj would do. She said ok for $20. 
So she continued with the non massage for another 10 mins while she was on the phone with a client. 
Then asked me to roll over and started a bbbj on my semi erect. Got me hard and finished me off with her hands. 
I was out of the room in about 20mins. 
So apart from the bbbj it was not really good value for me.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 28th June 2018, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Kogarah Asian Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy 

Establishment : Massage in big red letters 

Date of Visit : June 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Just passing through 

Hours of Business : 10am till 10pm

Rates : $75 + $3 cc charge 

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : 12 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage 

Value for money/recommend? : ok-ish 

My experience/comments : My favourite place in Kogarah is Monami just down the street. They have quality girls and you get intros etc unlike Melbourne where you get what your given unless you know who to book or your a regular.
Anyhow they were booked out for the next hour and I needed that empty then and there so I walked to the next place down the street. This place is as dodgy as fuck and leaves you in no doubt what you can have here. 
Cindy was not great but serviceable for my needs. An Ok body showing the passage or time, still it was in better shape than mine. 
She wanted $120 for a naked BJ and got her at $$75 plus a $3 credit card fee. 
The massage was shyte and her CBJ skills were a little mechanical but hey I wasn't looking for love, just an empty.
She couldn't get me over the line with her BJ so I got her on her knees and wanked on her face. Kinda fun really. 
I wouldn't go back but I would make sure that I got an appointment at Monami.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 28th June 2018, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods this should begin the 10 Station Street thread


