Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2011, 06:04 PM
Poster ID: jaxar
Post Title: 
 11/495 Princes Hwy, Rockdale - 02 9599 8382
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:have tried 2 but didn't get names

Establishment (if applicable):11/495 Princes Highway 

Contact Details/Address:

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $50/hr

Age:30

Size/shape: reasonable, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity:chinese

Services:massage/HJ

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: On both occasions massage quality was first rate.  masseuse friendly albet with limited English.  And happy ending was good too.  Small room, maybe only 2 cubicles, so not much privacy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2011, 08:44 AM
Poster ID: hjchamp32
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited here and saw Anna for 1/2hr. Anna is a slightly larger chinese lass of about 30 or maybe less. Very firm massage, probably more effort than skill, but that is greatly appreciated because it can often be the other way around... Her attitude was friendly and pleasant. After about 20mins of good massage, she slightly tickled the tackle and asked - do you like? Oh I like very much! so a very good tackle tickle ensued, followed by a well above average HJ. I think I will return! Nothing other than HJ was offered or asked, and touching outside the clothes was OK, but skillfully/playfully discouraged...
A note about the place - it is not very private - if that is what you are after, you may want to give it a miss - when I left there were two punters waiting in the front room - together, and the walls are thin, with no door just a curtain.
Overall great experience for me, and very good VFM at $30/30mins + tip for HJ.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th March 2011, 05:40 PM
Poster ID: hjchamp32
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited again on a tuesday and saw a much older lady named Linda - I am guessing 45ish. I always push on in these situations because I still think the older ones know how to massage and how to tug better. This time I was rewarded by an above average massage, good tackle tickle and well above average HJ with some interesting tecnique variations that I found very pleasing. In this situation, I just enjoy the massage + clothed HJ, so no extras were sought or offered.
Will I return - certainly.


