Thread Title: 2 West Botany St, Arncliffe - 02 9597 3194
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2010, 09:20 AM
Poster ID: rabbit13
Post Title: 
 2 West Botany St, Arncliffe - 02 9597 3194
				
Post Content: 
Not sure if this ones had any coverage, but I had what I reckon was my worst R&T outing last week and thought there would be plenty of others out there as well.
Anyway last Sat  I decided to give 501 King St a try after reading some good reviews here. I didn't book and it was busy so rather than wait headed south. There is a place advertised at 2 West Botany St, Arncliffe. finding somewhere to park is a bit problematic, so I was off to a bad start already. Found the front door which is really the side door. This is one of those Chinese places with the partitions rather than walls, not usually a good sign. Anyway I was greeted by a young Chinese WL,pretty, but very flat chested, called Serina. I was keen for the $55 for the hour due to her kooks, she was very indifferent and talked me down to the $35 for half an hour. (BTW this is a new one on me). The massage started off with her walking up and down my back with her knees, I had  to actually ask her to stop give me an massage with some oil. So I basically the got same area massages with her hands. Overall it was ordinary, good if the six inch wide strip along the spine needed attention.This folowed with a tickle on the bum (no tackle tickle), then the roll-over request. Little rabbit was not overly interested at this stage, the offer was $20 for a nude R&T. Yeah, I though, why not, young and slim and a good looker, go for it. The tug started off ok, I asked to touch touch miniscule tits and did so very gently, she stepped back to put them out of reach. So the tug was turning into an straight armed tug with her skinny arse pointing at me. Her phone rang, so while conversing on the phone the tug continued. Little rabbit was quickly loosing interest and after hanging up asked if I could see her pussy, she turned around to reveal and nicely manicured bush but with a tag hanging out of it. She pretty quick turned around again pointing her bony arse at me again. Anyway to cut this sad story short I had to grip little rabbit by the base letting her finished him off. Now as I was about to pay her the $20, she said no, she had said $30. I paid her, also speaking my mind about what a poor way to run a business. Needless to say I won't be there again. All in all, just about my worst R&T experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd December 2010, 04:01 PM
Poster ID: sillyaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hello there

I've actually been to this place a couple of times and they get friendlier the more often you go.  The thing with Selina is that she has extremely sensitive nipples so if you try and touch them she will back away.

My experience on going on a Saturday or Sunday is that there's 3 people: Trudy (only does massage), Jo Jo (busty and does hj all the time and will offer fs sometimes), Selina (a little on the flat side, does hj all the time and will offer fs sometimes).  Sometimes they get different people on Saturday, last time I went I got someone totally different, a bit oldish and not as pretty as Selina or Jo Jo.  Jo Jo is the most popular I think but it's hard to get her.  Also sometimes if they're busy Selina will get a bit huffy and try to rush you whereas Jo Jo won't.

From memory naked hj is $30, fs is $50.  As a funny side note they're store front says $8 haircuts although I'm pretty certain they don't do haircuts...saw and old couple trying to get a haircut but I couldn't watch for more than 10 seconds as it was one of those cringeworthy moments.  I almost wanted to tell them that it wasn't actually a hairdressing salon but then they would probably ask me how I knew and I really don't feel like answering that question.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd March 2011, 05:14 PM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does this place have a phone number?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd April 2011, 04:24 PM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Didn't Say

Establishment : 2 West Botany St Arncliffe

Date of Visit: 2/4/10

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  2 West Botany St Arncliffe

Hours of Business: 8 - 10 according to the sign on the door.

Rates: $30 for 1/2 hour massage, $30 naked and to touch and then another $10 for cbj.

Age: 35ish

Size/shape: short with a tiny bit of extra weight.  Small B cup chest with massive nipples - around 3cm long!!!

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage/HJ/BJ

Value for money/recommend?: Undecided, I couldn't pick the girl and the one I got was a bit cold.  

My experience/comments:The massage was a bit soft and more just rubbing hands everywhere.  She then started on a erotic massage and started licking my ear which was a bit weird.  She then asks me to turn over, and starts an ok BJ - when it was time to cum she sucked every last drop out, which was a nice change to those who as soon as you start cumming they stop.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd April 2011, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: ThatMan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
wow 3 cm long nipples they are huge. Got me thinking what the average is. turns out it's 6.79mm, so this girl has nips about 4+ times the average. For comparison sake stand a 50cent piece on it's end that's 3 cm. Are you sure that's right tgr?

Anyway a lot of other interesting stats at this site 

http://www.saviodsilva.net/r/ss80.htm


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th April 2011, 12:14 AM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Jacki
Establishment :2 West Botany St Arncliffe

Date of Visit:January 2011 (Tuesday)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: 10.00am-7.00pm

Rates:35 1/2hr  50 1hr


Age:30-40's

Size/shape:chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity:chinese

Services Provided:massage, HJ+

Value for money/recommend?:yes...but the massage was 6/10....the sex 8/10

My experience/comments: Id had a lousy day this day and felt like a good punt.....driven past this place a few times and figured Id give it a try.
Met at the door by Jacki.....chinese MILF, short, stocky, B size tits and very touchy-feely sort who looked like she'd be up for a good time.....we enter the room...clean, fresh linen, well laid out with massage table in the middle.  She asks how long....I ask straight out..."you do FS?....she closes the door and walks up close to whisper "Yes"....but must be quiet ok?..not want other girl to hear".
We agree on 120 bucks, 1 hr with FS.... 
After a massage that wasn't too bad, although Ive had much better, she strips off and starts with a BBBJ that nearly made me come on the spot....then climbs on top and starts to grind down on me.
At this point I realise that theres no condom....now I know its dumb but she got the better of me....Im lying there and just grab her hips and thrust in.....she hesitates and says "no come inside, not want baby ok?
by this time, I'll agree to anything to keep doing that pussy so I flipped her over into mish and banged her right there on the table.....she's a pretty enthusiastic girl and comes while Ive got her legs pinned back and driving it down into her......afterwards, we finish with doggie over the table.....and I really felt like a good workout so I pounded her pretty hard....she's biting her finger to stop making noise so I chucked a pillow on the table and pushed her face into it to keep her quiet while I finished her off....her pussy tightened up around me when she came again.....and for a brief moment I thought about just coming inside anyway....but didn't want to be a bastard so I pulled out and blew over her back.....
I got up, got dressed and she was still lying there...face down with her legs over the side of the table....moaning....I thought I might have gone a bit too hard on her, but then she turns around and asks if Ill come and see her at 47/5 kelso cres because she works there on Sundays.
Ive since seen her on a Saturday at 10 President Ave where she works under another name.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th April 2011, 02:40 PM
Poster ID: ThatMan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jacki seems to be a girl that enjoys her sex. You mention 47/5 Kelso & 10 president ave, both don't ring any bells with me. What shops/suburbs hotwheels?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th April 2011, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unit 5 No 47 Kelso Cres Moorebank....Sunday
10 President Ave Caringbah....Saturday....works under different name here. 
2 West Botany St Arncliffe....Tuesday


Floor: #9
Post Time: 6th April 2011, 05:42 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Opps....it should be Unit 47 No 5 Kelso....which is an Asian brothel...
The other two advertise as just massage places.....until you meet Jacki and wave cash at her that is.....


Floor: #10
Post Time: 7th April 2011, 07:07 PM
Poster ID: d4v8ae
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i think this review of jackie is a little bit historical now,the review was for january 3 months ago now and both this place and 10 president are saying she has gone


Floor: #11
Post Time: 29th November 2016, 06:03 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
2 West Botany Street ARNCLIFFE has reopened again.http://sydney.backpage.com/BodyRubs/...9-689/26351322


Floor: #12
Post Time: 9th January 2017, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 Candy a Thai Delight - Wolli Creek
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Candy

Establishment: 2 West Botany St Wolli Creek

Date of Visit: 5 January 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://wollicreekmassage.com.au

Hours of Business: 10.00am-7.00pm - 7 days - 0405 979 689

Rates: 30mins @ $35, 45mins @ $50, 60mins @ $60
Extras @ $50 

Age: 25

Size/shape: 1.50m tall, solid but voluptuous womanly frame, size B-C cup tits, Smooth skinned, long black hair, trimmed pussy, black reading glasses gives her that sexy Uni student look

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Relaxational nude massage + HE

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: 

On the way to IKEA at Arncliffe a large massage sign at the corner of Princess Hwy and West Botany St caught my attention.
With nothing to loose and time on my side I thought fuck IKEA, tit can wait and so I took one for the "Fellowship of Punters".

After a quick back track I made my way to the place. If you're driving, this place is best accessed from the eastern side of West Botany st. There's plenty of street parking and a large residential apartment complex is situated directly opposite. Residents can see punters coming and going out of this massage joint. If you don't give a fuck then wave at them as you go in, if you do give a fuck then best time your entry.

Buzzed at the door and this petite but voluptuous Thai, mid 20's uni student greeted me at the door. She seemed quite friendly and happy to see me.
She had small and extra tight ripped denim shorts, so tight her camel toe was clearly showing, she noticed my jaw hit the floor as saliva dripped from the side of my mouth....she smiled and winked and that was enough to seal the deal. She was wearing a pink tank top which was clearly a few sizes too small - her tits literally bursting the seams of her top, her C cups being suffocated by the white sexy lacy bra that she was wearing - which incidentally was also a few sizes too small

I settled for a 45min massage and asked for a semi hard semi sensual massage and for $50 extra she stripped down and provide HE.
I stripped and lay on the massage table ready for her hands to get to work.

The place is very clean and there's soft oriental music playing in the background. The walls a paper thin but there is some level of privacy as the rooms are enclosed. The place seems to be under new management and is nicely done up.

We got chatting about life and uni and general travel chit chat. She seems like a genuine girl trying to get through uni and working a few RnT joints to make ends meet. She works a few massage joints in the city and Chatswood ie when Uni studies and schedule don't clash.

Her massage was good, and she allowed my hands to roam freely but no fingers inside her pussy.

At 3/4 mark she began massaging the back and inner parts of my legs, my arse, the crack, the balls and by that stage I was rock solid, almost ripping the thin throwaway paper blanket they usually place on top of the massage tables.

On flip over she applied oil to the shaft and began to polish the rod. 
Her corkscrew technique got me to the edge several times, knowing I was ready and set to explode I asked her to get on the massage table so we can both play with each other's genitalia - whilst she polished the rod I sucked her tits and played with her arse. A few more cork screws on the helmeted warrior and I couldn't hold on any longer finally blowing and exploding a weeks work of buildup on her hands and tummy......."too much, too much" she laughed.

She cleaned me up and tidied up the room and we said out good byes. On the way out I noticed a sexy Japanese looking MILF which I couldn't keep my eyes off and that I wouldn't mind sampling next time I'm out that way.

Punting Verdict: "Would I kick her out of bed if she farted"
Answer: fuck no


