Thread Title: 362 Forest Rd, Hurstville - 02 9580 8522
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2010, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: Raw
Post Title: 
 362 Forest Rd, Hurstville - 02 9580 8522
				
Post Content: 
Just happened to walk past this place on a break and thought I'd drop in for a massage.

I entered through the glass door from the street and then encountered a serious security door once in. Reminded me of a horror movie. I pressed the bell and waited. A GILF looking massaman answered the door and invited me in. She called out for Lucy to come immediately. 

Lucy (asian) round 28 - 30yrs arrived in a pink and white lingerie get up. Looked alright but it was kind of squashing her a cups, which wasn't a good look. Body was typical slim asian, but her arse was a bit saggy. Face was actually quite pretty.

Settled on a massage for 30mins being $60. Thought it was a bit pricey, but her grasp of the english language was absolutely terrible. She was pretty forward and was basically all over me like a cheap suit. Groping everywhere.

I had the feeling that this place was a brothel and not in fact a massage place at all. I honestly just wanted a massage. Lucy told me to undress and then just got right into it. 'Fuck or suck' she said. Massage I replied. Ok, turn over she said. 

Then I experienced one of the worst massages of my life. I have had massages where they end the massage with the obligatory chop/slap with the hands, but lucy started off the massage this way. After doing this for 5 minutes, she told me to turn over. You want suck she said again. By this stage, I was a bit apprehensive about the whole thing. I mean when you want a good massage and then finish off with some nice RNT, is a good thing. But this seemed really robotic and mechanical. Besides that, I didn't even get a massage.

She said, I get condom. I again repeated massage. She then started sucking my balls and was trying to get the some life into the pipe. I felt I better oblige and did my best to get it up. She gave me a mechanical HJ which seeing she was naked, got me over the line. However, I pushed myself and wasn't really relaxed. 

She cleaned me up with some wipes, told me she loved me (yeah right)  cos I came so quick, waited for me to put my clothes on and then was out the door.

I left with at least 12 minutes to go, but didn't want to argue. I just wanted to get out to be honest. Ambiance made me feel uncomfortable.

Would I go again? No. If someone is looking for FS and on the cheap, then this is the place to go. If you want a decent massage like I did, look elsewhere.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2011, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: rubme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mate,I went to this place must be....aww..2 years ago,walked in....to the ugliest mamassan I have ever seen.She yelled something in chinese,and then appeared the ugliest chinese woman I have EVER seen.I walked...no, RAN outta there as fast as i could.So i know your pain.I actually cant believe you stayed for the session!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th May 2012, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: Sergeant Cucumber
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim

Establishment : Hurstville Massages

Date of Visit : Approx Late december 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 362 forest rd Hurstville

Hours of Business : 10.00 - 9:30

Rates : $55 Half hour HJ included

Age : mid-late 20's

Size/shape : Short, slim, toned, b-cup, gorgeous

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai?

Services Provided : Full Body Massage + Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : One of my ffirst punts and was an absolute pleasure. No nonsense. Walked in and asked what i wanted i said "massage with happy ending". "$55". Done. walk in and she immediately gets her kit off and begins a decent massage. Then when i flipped over gave me an incredible HJ while letting me touch pretty much anywhere and suck on her perfect tits.
Recommended

Cheers,
The Sergeant


