Thread Title: 79 New Illawarra Rd Bexley North Thai Massage - 02 8041 5787
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th December 2015, 07:55 AM
Poster ID: viencero
Post Title: 
 79 New Illawarra Rd Bexley North Thai Massage - 02 8041 5787
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't ask

Establishment : Thai Massage

Date of Visit :  12/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 79 New Illawarra Rd Bexley North

Hours: 10am to 8pm ,7 days

Rates : $65 1/2 hr, 115 1 hr

Age : old

Size/shape : fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : no

I vaguely remembered this Thai establishment was advertised in the adult section of a local paper, sorry can't remember which one. So i thought i would walk in and check out the place. Apparently this place is new, although it didn't quite felt like it when i walked in. I was greeted by a fat thai lady which i hope wasn't her going to massage me. She told me the prices were $65 for half and $115 for the full hour. I thought the prices were expensive for oil massage but maybe this at least included a HJ. Luckily, I thought, when she asked another lady to massage but turns out she was fat and old. How on earth do Thai ladies get fat?! Their diet is healthy. Must be the influence of the western diet 

I was so about to walk out, but i was here and thought i would try it. I chose the half hour as $115 was too steep to risk disappointment. So part one was soothing and relaxing. Wasn't hard or strong to rub out the knots, but kinda soft and sensual to get you relaxed. Their wasn't must much teasing or TT. After about 15min it was turnover time. She asked if i wanted hand job and i replied with a nod. I also asked to make sure if HJ was included in the price and indeed it was. I didn't ask for any other extra as their looks didn't bring any incentive to ask. Anyways, the HJ was just the usual straight up and down motion with a bit of ball tickling. Whilst she was doing this, i was dreaming i was making love my ex-boss from years ago. If you must ask, my ex-boss was a fit mature blonde cock teaser. A quick clean up and same quick exit.

Unless they have some hotties on other days, not really returning to this place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st November 2016, 10:56 AM
Poster ID: viencero
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't care

Establishment : Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 19/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 79 New Illawarra Rd Bexley North

Hours: 10am to 8pm ,7 days

Rates : $40 1/2 HR

Age : not young not old

Size/shape : fat (think big)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude HJ offered but did not partake

Value for money/recommend? : no

I think this place has changed hands again or different price structure. This time massage only prices are advertised not the HJ inclusive price. But thank god for that! the girl i got was fat and unattractive. I should have walked but it was late and decided to see what skills she had.

First i laid belly flat and she attempted to give me massage. Gosh it was terrible. No strength, poked the bones, i felt more tired than i came in. 

Then it was the flip. No TT or anything remotely sensual before the flip. She asked if i wanted extras, she offered nude HJ. I declined ASAP without asking price because i wasn't handing over money to someone i didn't find attractive at all. I then asked how about just a HJ, she wanted $30. I counter offered with $20 she declined it, she was stubborn on $30. Again, i wasn't going to pay an extra $10 to someone i don't find attractive. So for next 2 minutes nothing was said until she asked me "Why not relax? Its only $30!". She pestered me for next 5 minutes. At this point i wasn't paying anything to whom i didn't find attractive (getting the point now? She was butt ugly!). She gave some head massage and i left as fast as i could. Went home to watch a bit from Pornhub. She should have taken the $20, she ended up empty handed, and i lost my $40.

I think I gave this place a chance and I'm def not returning.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st November 2016, 12:12 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What a pity you did not ask "Didn't Care" and remember her name. As we all know service is very variable on the provider as well as the person.

I am amazed given your 12/12/2015 experience with "Didn't ask" that you ever went to the shop again.


