Thread Title: Arncliffe Thai Massage - Lvl 1, 184 Princes Hwy, Arncliffe - 02 9599 9479
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th October 2010, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: 
 Arncliffe Thai Massage - Lvl 1, 184 Princes Hwy, Arncliffe - 02 9599 9479
				
Post Content: 
I don't get any enjoyment out of this pastime and I only punt to further the common knowledge. 

  Noticed an ad in the local paper for this place, figured it's not far away, needs investigating.

  Short hop in the puntmobile and a discreet park was found. Dive in below the lurid OPEN MASSAGE sign and upstairs to the door bell. Answered by a Milfy type, quite possibly Thai, who looked very confused when I did the usual call upon entering a new RnT joint "SEARAY ARE YOU IN HERE?" 

  After realising I am not a complete nutter (some parts are missing) she tells me the other girls had "Just gone to lunch" and only she was available.

  OK. She goes by the name Tiffany (Very Thai i thought) is in her mid 30s nice looking boobs, shapely bod, pleasant demeanour. $35/30 Min's, $60/60 Min's, half hr option taken. Into the room, no showers noted, massage bed has holes for 2 heads  me beginning to think this might be fun. A good body rub ensues for the next 10-15 Min's before that bit of extra downstairs attention becomes noticeable and soon Tiffany is not so shy and asks would I like a suck? Well that sounds good but my plan for the day was to get into at least 2 holes, so I ask for FS which she says "Yep an extra $50" Financials taken car of, she strips off and its to my eyes all good, harder markers may take offence to the C-scar and a little bit of tummy flab, but the great enhanced tits, and spectacularly firm arse more than make up for it.

  And thats not counting the FANTASTIC BBBJ which followed for the next 10 Min's which I skillfully manoeuvred to 69 which did taste good and clean shaved looked attractive. Eventually it was time for the next hole on the agenda and it was a snug fit with a fair degree of temperature so round for doggy to drool over that spectacular arse and the end came quickly.

  Tiffany was very attentive in the tissue clean up, friendly and chatty, leaving me feel she enjoyed the encounter too.

  I'll be back, keen to see the other talent on offer but no bad thing to catch up with Tiffany again.That BBBJ was certainly up there with the best I've had.

  Cheers, sinbad.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th October 2010, 09:27 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi WL, good to see that even though this is an unpleasant task, someone (in this case you) has to step up to the plate and get their hands dirty, so to speak.  Next time I'm in Arncliffe, I may have to succumb and run a second finger over the books, just to make sure your 'dud' punt wasn't a one off.  Oh, the hardship one must go through.

emp


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th October 2010, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wanderlust


I don't get any enjoyment out of this pastime and I only punt to further the common knowledge. 
"""



Hahahaha! LOL... Yeah, life's a total defecation!

Great review sinbad! Note to self... create an excuse to venture southside... just to compare with those northern suburb Thai experiences, of course... 

Aaahh... Research... what a worthy, healthy pastime...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th April 2011, 06:43 PM
Poster ID: Andrew Livingston
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is GOOOOONE.

Unless you are there between 9am and 5pm and are in need of aluminium casting, look elsewhere...


