Thread Title: Belle massage - 3 King St Rockdale - 8959 7275
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th December 2016, 07:44 AM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: 
 Belle massage - 3 King St Rockdale - 8959 7275
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sammy

Establishment : Belle massage, 3 King St rockdale

Date of Visit : December 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Loading... 89597275

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $45/hr opening special

Age : 23

Size/shape : slim, size 8, fake C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : nhj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : saw a new shop in Rockdale being advertised a few weeks ago so dropped in to check it out as I was around the area. It's in a street closed to traffic so may be a lot of people around during the day. A frame sign outside the corridor that leads to the shop at the back but there are other businesses in the building so could say you were going there if caught out.
Greeted by reception and taken into the first room. The room is divided by curtains for 2 tables so not much privacy for fun stuff. It is dark as well as there was only a small light in the corner. Introduced only to Sammy as other was busy. She had an attractive face and slim body with nice looking tits. She was wearing the white skirt and shirt that they have on the website. Organised a nude HJ for $50 at the start. 
She got back before I was finished changing. Started massage but after 5 minutes, I was half turned talking to her and the massage stopped there. Got her stripped to find fake tits which were a bit firm but nicely done. Didn't mind me feeling her up except had to stay outside. It was so dark I could even get a good look at her pussy which stopped me from daty. She was quite submissive and I took control for most of the play. Blew with about 10 min left and she massaged me for the rest of the time. Clean up was with wet towels. They don't have showers here and even the toilets are outside the shop. 
The short massage I got didn't seem good even though she said she worked in a legit Shop on George St before. 

Rockdale has exploded with massage shops. A Natasha day spa Shop has opened down the road, King massage around the corner, Nara thai 1 block, instyle massage, and more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2017, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: sexercisor
Post Title: 
 Belle massage 3 king street Rockdale - 0420 379 933 /  02 8959 7275
				
Post Content: 
Belle Massage - Rockdale NSW

Person's Name : Jessica
Establishment : Belle Massage. 3 king st Rockdale Sydney
Date of Visit : 2/1/2017
Contact Details/Address/Weblink :.Belle massage
Hours of Business : 10.00am - 9.00pm
Rates : 1hr $55, 45 min  $45
Age : late 20s
Size/shape : curvy, great tits
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided :.RnT,.
Value for money/recommend? : unsure

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)attended shop without appointment and was taken into room. the rooms have curtains so noise carries. no solid walls.

Jessica was my allocated masseues. she has curvy body and was wearing sailors outfit. looked busty under outfit. started off with massage on my back with towel over my body. the towel later disappeared and oil massage started. got rid of knotts in my back through good pressure with elbows. was asked if I wanted massage or special massage. indicated hj with clothes for $30 or top off for $50.

I opted for cheaper option as only top was going to come off and for that price I can get nude body rub at other places. I was also advised no body to body available as no shower facilities. Massage itself was good but no tackle tickle or teasing. turned over for an average tug to completion.

jessica works at shop on mondays and Thursdays.  looks different to pic on website. not saying its not her but she doesn't have the lighter hair shown in pics and definitely not tanned like pic.

overall decent place for massage but if you want more then maybe somewhere else or different girls at the shop.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th January 2017, 08:28 PM
Poster ID: itsnotme
Post Title: 
 Belle massage king Street rockdale
				
Post Content: 
Not a full review because I can't remember the masseuses name, but recommended, one of the best handiest I've had at a massage place as well as a good massage

King Street is an alley pretty much behind 512 king massage


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th January 2017, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: mrlova
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How much and what she look like


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th January 2017, 06:44 PM
Poster ID: itsnotme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
35/30 45/45 55/60
Plus another 50 for clothes off hi, I think she quoted 20 for just hi

Med height thin, young looking, Thai, decent but not amazing English c cup

Sent from my Pixel using Tapatalk


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th January 2017, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: itsnotme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi = hj

Sent from my Pixel using Tapatalk


Floor: #7
Post Time: 13th January 2017, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: itsnotme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Argh, mods plz merge these posts, website at http://www.belle-massage.com

Sent from my Pixel using Tapatalk


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th May 2017, 08:59 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joy

Establishment : Belle Massage 

Date of Visit : May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
3 King st Rockdale 
8959 7275

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $35/half + extra

Age : I'd say 40's though she presents younger 

Size/shape : slim sz8 Acups

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage and nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : so so

My experience/comments : Joy is a very friendly and chatty lady though her English is not that great. Started the massage in a normal manner. Typical Thai where they crawl all over you. No hint of any tackle tickle and her massage strokes where fast and long without the usual knot smashing elbows. 
On turn over the usual HJ signal and when I asked if anything else was on offer she signaled her clothes of for $50. So I agreed - of course - even though it was near the end of the half hour. She stripped of to reveal some very sexy lingerie before that was removed and then proceeded with a very accomplished HJ. She allowed touching and was happy for me to kiss and play with her Acups. As I got close she asked if I wanted to fuck.  No doubt Joy is the accomplished professional and knows how to get the most for the least but in this case she'd left her run slightly too late and before I had time to entertain the idea of a fuck I erupted all over her hand. 
Job done she cleaned me up and had a bit of a 'chat' most of which I didn't understand. 
One of the negatives here is the lack of a shower which I'd say stops a few extra services like b2b for one. Joy is available Sunday's to Tuesday's if I understood her correctly. As always, YMMV.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 29th August 2017, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: viencero
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : As per title

Date of Visit : 28/08/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As per title

Hours of Business : 10-21

Rates : $45/45min

Age : mid 30's 

Size/shape : Slim with bit of fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not good/not bad

My experience/comments : 

So I was wandering around Rockdale waiting time to pass waiting for mates for dinner. It was getting a bit cold with the crazy cold and wind, i thought i'd go for a massage. I first tried 512 but the girls looked unappealing, the first 2 were fat and old and the third I think is a ladyboy. She/he intro'ed self as Cherry, you guys have been warned. Looks nothing like photos either. So i walked out. I then went around the corner to this establishment. I went with whoever came out first and her name was Sunny. From a far she was quite attractive but as she got closer I can see she is not a young lass anymore. Got into the room or shall i say partition. Now I remembered why I haven't returned. The rooms are partitioned by curtains only. As i was handing the money, there was already a guy being jerked off. The oily slapping was loud and no way anyone could miss that sound. I kinda didn't want to stay but sometimes i feel bad for the girl, so I chose 45min option.

Her massage is soft so don't expect any knots to be massaged away. She then proceed to massage the inner thighs. Semi erotic with slight brushes of nut sack but don't expect to drive you wild. Oh yea I forgot to mention, the guy next door couldn't get it off and then asked the lady for FS, even with the whispers and music playing, everything could be heard. So for the next few minutes I hear them going at it like rabbits. I was kinda turned off but lucky the guy left before I had turned over.

So eventually I turned and Sunny handed out her options but seeing this place isn't really private and kinda lost the mood, she offered HJ for $30 with I accepted. Her technique is nice and soft. No rushing and not being rough. I came, she cleaned me up and i left. I think there was 10min but I didn't care. Happy to leave before the next guy came in.

WIR? No due complete lack of privacy. May as leave massage tables out in the open.


