Thread Title: Bellevue 5 Star Retreat - 140 Bellevue Pde, Carlton - 02 9547 0999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th February 2011, 10:10 PM
Poster ID: goon.2011
Post Title: 
 Bellevue 5 Star Retreat - 140 Bellevue Pde, Carlton - 02 9547 0999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sasha

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star Retreat

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 9547 0999, The Bellevue 5 Star Retreat - Sydney's Most Discreet Erotic Massage Retreat

Hours of Business: 10am-3am

Rates: $130/30m, $150/45m, $190/60m (some girls offer extras)

Age: 30

Size/shape: Somewhere b/w sz10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity: French/Aussie

Services Provided: Massage

Value for money/recommend? Yes

My experience/comments: 
As far as sensual massage goes, this was probably one of the best I've experienced!! This place is awesome.
I couldn't find much by way of reviews on the Internet, so wasn't really too sure what to expect. Met around 6-7 girls in the line up, all late 20's, early 30s...all the girls were friendly (mixed nationalities) and spent the time to have a little chat, as oppose to the typical hi/bye intro. Couldn't quite decide, so ended up going for one of the recommendations of either Sasha or Sonya. I chose Sasha, who was excellent, but will come back to try Sonya at some point.

Sasha was extremely sociable and really easy to talk to. The experience was sensual from the get go, that is, the moment we entered the room. After a bit of cuddle and feeling each other up a little, we both went into the shower where the sensual service continued.

Onto the massage bed, it went straight into continuous body slides...there was probably not an inch of me that didn't escape the attention of her tongue and body! It was probably only 20 or so minutes in, and there was no way my load was going to be contained. Twice, I had to get her to slow down so I could regain my composure...but then Sasha advised there's no problem if you want to explode twice? So, I said OK!...and within seconds, I literally did explode!
We chatted for a bit after this...again, she was so easy to talk to.

After 5-10mins, it was straight back to business, and the body slides were back in motion. It wasn't long before explosion number 2 occurred right on the buzzer.

My only qualm was that I that I could smell cigarette smoke from Sasha occasionally, but it wasn't hard to be distracted by other things.

The service at this place was fantastic from start to end. They offer drinks and a snacks, and the facilities are very modern and very clean! I'll be back....soon.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd April 2011, 11:27 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Chloe

Establishment :Bellevue 5 Star Retreat

Date of Visit: 23/4/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 140 Bellevue Parade Carlton.  Website seems to be down at the moment.

Hours of Business: 10am - ?

Rates: 160 = 45m, 200 for 1hr.

Age: mid 30's

Size/shape: Short and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Sounded like a slight American accent.

Services Provided: CBJ, DATY massage HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Not really.

My experience/comments: I arrived just past opening time, which was a bad move, they only had 1 girl on Chloe.  A little bit older than I was looking for but seemed nice enough, and allowed full touching and DATY so booked 45min.  The warning bells started to ring when we got to the room, and she left me alone to shower.  I've been in places where the receptionist shows you to the room and leave, but I've never had the girl show me then leave!  Then we started talking pricing for the extras - $70 all up, bit steep but I was in the mood by that time..... She then started the massage and announced every step, "Now I'll do your leg, now your arm, now I'll start the body slide" - and to top it all off the massage wasn't very good, more like soft touching than massage.  It's then DATY time so we swap and down I go.  She was a little bit prickly but all up was enjoyable and she seemed to enjoy herself a little, but mostly FOAM.  Then it's my turn so we swap back and she climbs on top for more DATY during the HJ.  

All up was an OK experience, just for the pricing seemed a bit steep.  She then also quizzed me on the way out if I remembered her name, and told me which days she worked.  My way of thinking, if it's really good then I will remember and make a point of coming back, I don't like being spoonfed this information.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th May 2011, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: urmuda77
Post Title: 
 5 star retreat the bellevue
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Amy

Establishment : the bellevue 5 star retreat

Date of Visit: 30th March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 9547 0999

Hours of Business: 10am - late

Rates: 140 / 30 mins

Age: 23

Size/shape: Busty 

Nationality or Ethnicity: English

Services Provided: Massage but full service was 100 extra

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely recommended for high quality service

My experience/comments: Amy is a bombshell, as are most of the girls at the bellevue. Seen her a couple of times and she is such a sweetheart and she knows how 2 get a man going! highly recommended.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd November 2011, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: johncl1000
Post Title: 
 The Bellevue 5 Star Retreat, Carlton NSW
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Grace

Establishment :   The Bellevue 5 Star Retreat

Date of Visit :   2 November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   140 Bellevue Parade, Carlton NSW

Hours of Business :    11am to 1am (?)

Rates :   $200 for an hour

Age :   25 to 30

Size/shape :   Slim, small breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Caucasian

Services Provided :   Nude body to body massage and hj

Value for money/recommend? :   Good - depends on your requirements!

My experience/comments : I have been to this place many times, usually if I want a WL/ML who is not one of the typical inexpensive asian places (I hope I can say that).  Today I was introduced to 7 women, all whom were good to great.  I was after something sensual rather than sexual, to relax mainly.  3 main ladies I couldn't choose from, being Armani (dark haired, around 23 who offered fs for an additional $100), Miranda (tall,slim, about 30) who said she was a dirty girl up for anything.  But I selected Grace as she was petite, a conversationalist, very pretty in a girl next door way.  Note there was a lady, Mia who looked quite exotic and had a Czech or Russian accent (sexy).  Too many to choose from.

I like this place as it is clean, nice rooms (being repainted), showers and generally the ladies are well presented and all have their strong points.  Grace took me into the shower for a full clean up, light kissing and first HJ.  Then sensual massage, more light kissing, body to body stuff, touching (groping?) and usual HJ finish.  Lots of conversation and I was after an aussie who I could relate with.By the time it was over I was 1/2 wishing I had gone with the "dirty" one, but there is always another day.

All in all, a lovely hour well spent.  I do know this place is expensive, but I also keep going back.  It has not been unusual to pay $150 for fs plus the $200 in the first place (was $190 last time).  So up to $350 for fs.

By the way, I had a most unusual experience here a few years ago.  Met with Honey, a very pretty asian girl; petite, fit, wonderful, nympho.  Came just for the 1hr massage and during the time offered bj and for a few extra $'s the bbbj.  She was amazing and also rubbed me over her pussy and just inserted the tip inside her before completing the bbbj (COF).  Then had more massage and during this she noted I was hard again. 

So in for a 2nd hour and as I didn't have more money for fs, offered it for free (didn't take too long to agree to that one).  I assumed there would be a condom....so she is once again rubbing my cock over her pussy while in cowgirl position - then looks into my eyes and pushes herself down on me, before I could say the word condom.  Not thinking with the right brain, I let her ride me for sometime; she was moaning so loud and then shouted  "honey coming honey coming" and I felt liquid gushing over me and across my legs.  After a few minutes and a loss of traction (very wet) I then rolled her over for mish, then standing up while she is lying on the massage table and came over her pussy (as she said "no blow in me, no blow in me - took a while to understand her").

Anyway that's the story which amazed me and devastated me as well.  I was so scared about being unprotected I thought for the next 6 weeks I had STD's, AID's etc (you know, - I imagined all the symptoms), then had full tests and all OK.  So amazing 2 hours but it has taken me years to get over the thought of no condom (a good lesson).


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd November 2011, 04:37 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review johncl1000!
Never been there but sounds a good venue for a Caucasian interlude. Good story about Honey too - I'm sure many on the forum have had the STI jitters at some time or other. A good reminder for vigilance!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th July 2013, 07:58 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star

Date of Visit : 9/7/2013

Hours of Business : 10am to late

Rates : 220/hr

Age : mid to late 20's

Size/shape : Short (looked a lot taller with heels on but was tiny once she took them off!), about a size 12 with a C cup.  

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : Massage/CBJ/DATY(With Dam)/HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I stopped by after work as had been in the mood for a couple of days now (and had a very unsuccessful night the night before, went to Bexley Massage in Albyan St to be shown two girls who looked like 50 year old street hookers who where off the face, then stopped by here to be shown one woman in her 40's.  At that point I gave up for the night!).  

Tonight thankfully was a lot better, was shown two girls the first one was so so, and then Olivia who had this cuteness about her - not hot hot, but that sort of cute relaxing beauty.  Booked her for an hour and we went off to the room.  For some reason the room we had was setup with two tables side by side, which was nice for the extra space (I'm rather tall!).  I start getting ready for the shower and we discuss extras, it's $50 for CBJ and then I paid an extra $30 to massage and go down on her.  She's all safe so would only do DATY with a dental dam which was ok, but not as enjoyable as without!  The session started with her massage, which she seemed to enjoy (probably more so because she got the chance to lay down and relax!) and then the DATY which she claims got her off........ She was squirming enough from it thought to knock of her wig so she may have enjoyed some of it!

It was then my turn, she massaged me for a while which wasn't bad - a nice slow sensual one.  Then I rolled over and she performed the CBJ which was quite good and got me over the line.  There was still time left so she gave me a more medicinal massage at the end which was good at getting some knots out of my muscles!

All up was a good session, I would quite happily pick Olivia again and enjoy another hour with her.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th July 2013, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not a review ... But the magic of Google Streetview takes you inside the place. It certainly seems well fitted out. A couple of classes above my usual haunts


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd October 2013, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hannah 

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star

Date of Visit : 21/10/2013

Rates : 220 / hr

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : Short, slim blonde 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage/HJ/DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : When I arrived at just past 7:30 was shown several girls, and it was clear it had been quite a slow day as they all sat down for a lot longer chat than the usual quick hello.  Hannah caught my eye being dressed in a nice blue slim dress - more the going out party look than lingerie which is what I prefer.  

Followed her to the room and started chatting - she said this was her first shift, and I was her first client (something she contradicted later).  She also said she had been working her real job all day, and was doing a few extra hours for Christmas money.  I then had a shower and she started with the massage.  Wasn't bad, but you could feel the boredom, she spent large amounts of time in the one plus just rubbing.  Not the best massage, but also not the worst.

Then came time for the body slide, again, not too bad but not enough oil.  The other thing I noticed is her claim of working all day seemed true - she didn't have a BO problem by any means, but has that smell of someone who has showed in the morning.  It actually made it a bit more exciting and GFE as she smelt real, not someone who is lathered in perfume and washes every hour.  After the body slide I asked if I could perform DATY which she charges an extra $50 for.  She lay down and I started to enjoy myself - she started some weird dirty talk (cheeky boy, enjoy those huge lips of mine) and told me that she normally takes a while to cum.  I continued to work away  and slowly slide in a finger which she enjoyed.  Continued with that for a bit but she had a bit of hair down there which made it less enjoyable.

Then it became my turn - she climbed up on the table and gave me an ok handjob while I continued to finger her.  The dirty talk continued though - let's tickle the chestnuts, look at that giant kransky etc etc which was kinda off putting.  She then got me over the line, and continued to stroke and massage my balls which was better than most when as soon as you cum they stop.

We both showered and chatted some more, it was then that she contradicted what she said earlier about her first shift.  Firstly she started saying how big I was and that "she should know" and then said she normally works Thursday's - so this wasn't her first ever shift, just maybe her first ever Monday shift.

All up wasn't bad - I won't be rushing back to visit Hannah, but I would visit again.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 4th December 2013, 08:04 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star

Date of Visit : 3/12/2013

Rates : 190 / 45 min

Age : late teens / early 20's

Size/shape : very very slim - size 6 or even less!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Started off with the aim of trying the new Secrets of Sydney - but was put off by the line up (saw two girls, both early 30's with very heavy makeup and full sleeves of tatoos - not really my thing) so head over to Bellevue as it's on the way home.

Saw three girls in the line up, Jasmine and two others both a bit older and Aussie, so booked Jasmine for 45 minutes.  Jasmine stood out firstly as Indian, then as extremely thin and finally had this nerdish school girl look about her.  

Got to the room and discussed extras, which unfortunately Jasmine doesn't offer (nor does she allow touching of her "princess" as she put it, but was more than happy to put it on full show!).  I start with the normal shower, but why time she is naked and ready to massage.  This part was average, she spent a lot of time on my shoulders, but the good thing is she is reasonably tall so had her "princess" exactly at my eye height which was nice.  She spent quite a while here which started to get a bit boring and I thought I was in for a dud.

She then moves down to my legs, and that's when it started to get good!  She would pay enough attention to the undercarriage to keep things exciting but not go to far over the edge.  She also gave a wonderful perineum massage which felt AMAZING!  She then started the body slide which was ok, but needed more oil.  The good thing is she has long hair which wasn't tied up so it was brushing me and my head which felt quite good (and different to the normal.)

It was then time to turn over, she grabbed more oil and started to go to work.  At first she was squatting at the end of the table (which gave a great view) but then switched to reverse cowgirl - which gave an WONDERFUL view. I was in heaven!!!! Only wish I could taste or touch.  It looked like there was even a bit of wetness but oh well, the focus was on me.

Again she was letting her hair brush all over, before the massive squirt came which she directed onto the bed.  She continued to stroke until every last drop was out.  

All up it was a good session, she seemed quite shy which made me thing she was new, but once it got started she seemed to know what she was doing.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 19th January 2014, 11:38 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star

Date of Visit : 18/1/2014

Rates : 190 / 45 min

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Average size, reasonably large chest and a nice booty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : standard R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Not really - not the best, but not the worst

My experience/comments : When I arrived Saturday afternoon Nina was the only lady free - she was wearing a normal office dress rather than a sexy outfit which I find quite enticing so booked her for 45 min.  We go to the room, and I've never had the lady leave that many times before we start!  She was quite unprepared - she shows me to the room, then leaves to get towels.  Then leaves to get her bag, then leaves to get some water, then leaves to get the oil.  It wasn't time wasting as such as each one was less than 30 seconds, so by the time I had finished in the shower she was ready, just weird.

She then gets me to unzip her dress, a nice touch - and reveals she's wearing nothing underneath.  It's time for me to lie down, so she starts with the massage.  And this is when the session falls apart.  It wasn't the best massage, it hardly would qualify as even a good massage - just ok.  Not enough oil, too much pressure and too robotic.  She would start on my left shoulder, then work her way down that side of my body, once she got to my feet then move her way back up the right side of my body, and then repeat 3 or 4 times.  Exactly the same, no teasing, no difference just the same robotic movements.

This continues on for about 35 min, then it's time to turn over.  She starts applying a bit more oil and then starts the HJ.  This was a little bit better than the massage, but still far from the best HJ's I've had.  She continues this until the squirt starts, and then drops it instantly.  That's the one thing I hate the most is when mid orgasm they simply stop and think that's all over.  There is still a little time left so she starts massaging my front, after getting a towel to clean me up with.  A nice touch, except she wet it with COLD water - a freezing cold towel applied minutes after the orgasm is a sure fire way to kill the feeling of bliss!

All up, it wasn't the best session - I wouldn't go back and see Nina but I've had some good sessions at this place so will be going back.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 17th December 2015, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Marcia (pronounced Mar-seeya)

Date of Visit: December 2015

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star Retreat

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 9547 0999, http://www.bellevue5starretreat.com.au/index.php

Hours of Business: 10am-3am

Rates: $190 - 30 mins

Age: 40s (advertises as 30s)

Size/shape: Size 10-12, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Kiwi (accent borders on Kiwi/French but she is not french at all)

Services Provided: Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? Yes

My experience/comments: 

Had not visited this place in years so thought I'd pop in and see what was on offer. Was introduced to 4-5 attractive girls, one looked familiar. Marcia came in and I tend to go towrads MILFs and liked her attitude, so booked her. She has an amazing body for someone her age, and her ass is superb. Was invited to shower, which I did quickly, and then onto my stomach for a nice quick massage (as I had only booked for 30 minutes). On the flip she was very sensually stroking me and my cock, and I was having a nice feel of her ass and body. She also has a trimmed bush which is a nice change. She seemed to be rushing me to cum, without particularly making it obvious, but I've had too many of these to know better. I didn't mind, as I didn't feel like paying for extras given the already exorbitant price. Had a nice big explosion and we spent the rest of the time chatting after a shower together.

I'll make note that I came here not knowing the prices had risen so much. This place was much better value when it was I think $150 for 30 mins or something like that. $190 for 30 is a big rip and the only real value to be had is if you book for an hour. However, if you want extras, that will end up costing you an arm and a leg. Take note though, quite a few times in the past, I have clicked with a girl and have had FS for no extra cost, but it is not often enough to warrant coming here more than once in a blue moon unfortunately.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 22nd July 2017, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: jennagrrl
Post Title: 
 Lara - Bellevue 5 Star Retreat
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lara

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star Retreat

Date of Visit : 25/5/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 140 Bellevue Parade, Carlton
9547 0999
The Bellevue 5 Star Retreat - Sydney's Most Discreet Erotic Massage Retreat

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $210 for 45 mins + extras

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : 165cm slim medium breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Satisfactory

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
The establishment is generally well kept with a large meeting area and good sized rooms. Privacy is respected. I selected Lara from a line up of 4, her appearance and body type being attractive to me. She took me to the room where I showered and got onto the table. She made an effort to chat a little but with accent it was a little awkward. 

The massage on the back was nice without being anything special and not much in the way of tease. After rolling over it was better and she gave me a sensuous rub before moving onto starting to massage my dick. I asked to go down on her, which is a $50 extra. She turned around and straddled my face and I ate her out while she gently rubbed my dick. After she came she increased the pace and I came soon after. 

During clean up and a shower we actually talked a bit more and this time it was much more natural and and ended up having a very serious and intimate discussion. It is not really what I pay my money for but it always nice to actually connect with someone in what is usually an artificial environment.

Overall a satisfactory if not great massage but ultimately for me very pleasant.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 25th January 2018, 11:54 AM
Poster ID: vikgill90
Post Title: 
 Gabriella - Bellevue 5 Star - 9547 0999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gabriella

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star Retreat

Date of Visit : 24 Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Gabriella - Our Ladies - Bellevue

Hours of Business : 10am - 3am

Rates : $240/hr

Age : Late-20s

Size/shape : Curvy/10

Nationality or Ethnicity : South American

Services Provided : Erotic massage (Extras available; I didn't opt for them)

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : After many attempts to book Serena, I took a leap of faith and booked Gabriella. She was described as a Colombian with DDs, short brunette hair and round butt. Got stuck in heavy traffic on my way in and got very late. I arrived at the door, buzzed in, ushered to the waiting area, place seemed deserted. Gabriella walks in, she was absolutely stunning, very cute, not very tall but exceptionally endowed, curvy. The only thing I have to say was that when I left, I noted I had spent only 35mins and kinda short-changed, as I booked an hour. My bad that I turned up a little late, but I kept them informed. Anyway, one that I will let go for now.

Massage began with her standing near my head and rubbing oil on my back, breasts followed soon, rubbing on my back, a natural DD is always way better than any silicon implant, that does not enhance anything! She stroked my legs and brushed past many times, allowed me to touch her, but not a lot on her pussy. I flipped over, she proceeded to provide spanish, which was mind blowing. Again, didn't really allow me to touch her pussy, but when I grazed my hand, it felt very wet. All in all, a great time, she said she was leaving soon, bought herself a one-way ticket to Bogota. Get to her before next week as this bird's gonna fly!


Floor: #14
Post Time: 25th January 2018, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How much did you pay? $240?


Floor: #15
Post Time: 29th January 2018, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: vikgill90
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$240 for the hour


Thread Title: Bellevue 5 Star Retreat - 140 Bellevue Pde, Carlton - 02 9547 0999
Floor: #16
Post Time: 8th March 2018, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: vikgill90
Post Title: 
 Alexa - Bellevue 5 Star Carlton
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alexa

Establishment : Bellevue 5 Star Retreat, Carlton

Date of Visit : 7 Mar '18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 140 Bellevue Pde., Carlton

Hours of Business : 10am onwards

Rates : $240/hr

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Canadian

Services Provided : RnT; other services may be availab,e

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : After trying to make several bookings with Serena, I booked an hour with Alexa. She is a pretty Canadian on a working visa who provided a very good massage. Jumped into the shower with me, let me touch her (except between the legs - that was extra). Then on to the table for a massage, not very firm but very relaxing. Provided lots of lovely bodyslides and then started the tug. Overall, good experience and would recommend her.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 6th June 2020, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bellevue 5 Star reopening midnight June 13

https://bellevue5starretreat.com.au/


