Thread Title: Bella Von Beauty, Nails and Bodycare 18A Ormonde Parade Hurstville 9570 7223
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th April 2017, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: 
 Bella Von Beauty, Nails and Bodycare 18A Ormonde Parade Hurstville 9570 7223
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eko

Establishment : Bella Von Beauty, Nails and Bodycare.

Date of Visit : 19/04/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9570 7223

Hours of Business : 10.00am-8.00pm.

Rates : 30 mins $30, 45 mins $40, 60 mins $50.  

Age : 26

Size/shape : 7-8, 5'3", c-cup, blonde hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage and extras

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

  My experience/comments : Felt the need so went in search, this place used to have a thread on here as; Alex - Hurstville - 02 8033 4885, no idea which of the phone numbers work as I'm always a walk up customer. Was delighted when Eko was to be my ML, she is very attractive and seemed bright and friendly with good English. Went the 45 mins, and it was an oily back rub not therapeutic as such but enjoyable none the less. Plenty of incidental brushing of the groinal region and freckle had me keen for the turnover. This came in good time and before long the negotiations began with everything on the menu if coin was sufficient. Having already got out of her that business had been slow that day I reckoned she would come down from her ambit claim to a reasonable level and thus it was. A delightful body was then on display, lovely tits with very suckable nipples, evidence of a c-scar but not at all concerning and a glistening smooth clam which I couldn't stop myself giving some tongue. It was pretty standard from there but it was a nice snug fit and she seemed to enjoy herself somewhat as she got very wet, no lube required. With the sweet vista in front of me and a receptive tight puss I was never going to last long and filled the bag, but she was happy to remain in position for a minute or so, a nice touch.

  A clean up, goodbye's and I was off, feeling good about the world 

  Eko works here Wednesdays, somewhere in Hunters Hill Thursdays, and Seven Hills on Fridays.

  Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th April 2019, 05:58 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fei Fei

Establishment : Bella Von Beauty, Nails and Bodycare.

Date of Visit : 27/04/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9570 7223

Hours of Business : 10.00am-8.00pm.

Rates : 30 mins $35

Age : Late 40s

Size/shape : Size 10, A/B cups, milfy figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad

Haven't been to this place for ages but was in the area so thought why not. For those that don't know this place it is upstairs opposite the Hurstville bus interchange behind Hurstville Station, so although the entrance isn't the most discreet once inside it is all good. The rooms are large and private and the place has a legit feel to it although extras can usually be had and today was no exception.

Fei Fei showed me in, I went for half hour partly because she was girl next door looking and partly it was my first time there for a while so wanted to hedge my bets in case it was a dud punt. In this case I didn't need to worry. Fei Fei started a half hearted massage which is understandable given the half hour. Also I did a little feel of her leg during the massage which sent the message I was up for extras if any were on offer. Fei Fei responded by starting up tackle tickle and a bit of verbal encouragement.

On turn over she suggested nude on top of the happy ending. Once we agreed on price Fei Fei started a slow happy ending with plenty of verbal encouragement. Her body is probably a little past its prime but still a good looking lady. After I finished we had a nice chat and I was on my way. Fei Fei usually works here Mondays but was filling in today (Saturday).

I also saw the other girl- younger and better looking with a cute Bob cut but didn't look very friendly. I think this place hasn't changed much, ladies working there are usually a mixed bag with the odd gem in there. Cheers.


