Thread Title: Hurstville Lucky Thai Massage - 307 Forest Rd, Hurstville - 02 9570 5226
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2015, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: holymoly
Post Title: 
 Hurstville Lucky Thai Massage - 307 Forest Rd, Hurstville - 02 9570 5226
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taya

Establishment : Hurstville Lucky Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 09/01/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 307 Forest Rd Hurstville / 02 9570 5226

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm, 7 days

Rates : $65/hr full body oil massage

Age : 30s?

Size/shape : Average Asian female size?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Legit Thai massages

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I've been to this place quite a number of times now, and the last few times I've been massaged by this delightfully cute girl by the name of Awa. I seriously have a huge crush on her, and couldn't wait to see her again. I booked her (or so I thought) in the afternoon and was counting down the hours until I could see her at night. 

I rocked up happily to the place at the appointment time, and asked for Awa. The lady at reception looked confused and told me that Awa had quit and went back to Thailand....I was still smiling on the outside (on some "AHH ok...I see"), but was crushed and devastated inside . I think some things were lost in translation when I booked, whoever answered the phone didn't speak English that well. I still wanted a massage though. I lied down on one of the tables and wallowed in sorrow.

Look, Taya's massage was great, no complaints. Definitely go to this joint if you're after a nice and relaxing massage. And yes this is a legit place so don't bother asking for extras...although she does rub the top of your bum with your undies pulled a few inches down, and when she was rubbing my thighs, she inadvertently touched my cock a few times, which got me a bit hard with some precum.

But yeah, I'll really miss Awa and her sweet smile, fun personality, and lovely hands. I felt that we had bonded, and I even told her my real name!!... Guys, cherish your fav ladies when you see them, because you never know when they might be gone...


