Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th December 2015, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: 
 Kogarah Massage 2/20 Montgomery St Kogarah 02 9553 7996 / 0406 255 090
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Kogarah Massage

Date of Visit : 26/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kogarah massage | Best Massage in Kogarah | Kogarah asian massage 
Hours of Business : 10.00am-8.00pm

Rates : 30mins/$40, 45mins/$55, 60mins/$65

Age : I guessed 21, she said 25

Size/shape : size 6, barely 5', b-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, naked

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This place used to be a Thai massage venue but has been reborn into another Chinese massage place in Kogarah, there's at least 5 I can think of off the top of my head, this one seems to be competing with Monami Beauty and Massage rather than the down and dirty 10 Station St.

  It has possibly 4 rooms rather than curtained off cubicles and looked generally very tidy and welcoming from my quick look before being shepherded off into the room.

  Was allocated Jasmine which was fine by me but am always a little bit wary of the younger prettier girls which was reinforced in my most recent punt  (See Magic Touch Thai thread.) Took the 45 minute option.

  She is a very pretty little girl, probably beautiful, but as it was a new venue for me then it was go with the flow and see what develops. She was quickly back in the room after dealing with the financials and kindly hung up my shirt for me. Face down and some oil applied and from then on it was a somewhat vigorous and firm, aggressive massage as opposed to a body rub. Elbows, fore arms where used to great effect, two hands in action at all times with her clambering all over the massage table to get more leverage or down force on my back, shoulders, hips and thighs. It was not just good but excellent. A bit of conversation which showed she had reasonably good English and a very bright and sunny nature. Even if things hadn't developed further then I would have been satisfied. 

  But she's a bit of a minx, and knows her job well. Whilst I was still face down the incidental bumping of my "groinal area" increased and with her lovely soft hands she certainly found a few spots which I enjoy being incidentally bumped. After some time she climbed up on the table and positioned herself between my legs and gave me an exceptional bum rub, tunnelling cock grab and ball sack fondle. And something which in my countless experiences at various massage joints I hadn't been subjected too, whilst both hands where occupied on the ball sack fondling, with my second head pointed down towards the end of the table she was tickling it with some off her toes, caught me quite unawares, but in a very good way. 

  Roll over time and she offered nude for the usual amount, not a bad deal considering as I said earlier she is very attractive, and she wasted no time in stripping off and it was a very good sight indeed. She allowed a bit of gentle nipple sucking and they where delicious, exquisite little tits and peachy little arse at the at the other end. All this time she was all smiles, she appeared to enjoy herself and the banter was good, I paid her a few compliments which she appreciated, a little bit of guidance in the HJ was required but as everything else had been so good then this is only a minor quibble. Anyway the required conclusion was reached and a very attentive clean up from Jasmine and finished up with a hot towel wipe down.

  A great experience with a delightful young lady, she only works Saturdays's here, guess I won't be able to get in to see her again now this is out there for all to see. 

  Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st January 2016, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Kogarah Massage

Date of Visit : 27/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kogarah massage | Best Massage in Kogarah | Kogarah asian massage 
Hours of Business : 10.00am-8.00pm

Rates : 30mins/$40, 45mins/$55, 60mins/$65

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : size 6, petite and slim, A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

A good thing about this forum is you can hear about shops that you didn't realise were there thanks to the good work of fellow members. Thanks to Wanderlust's pre work I thought this shop might be worth a try. I arrived early on a Sunday morning not long after opening time. Those that know Montgomery St will know that parking is a bit of a challenge and surprisingly even on a quiet Sunday morning between christmas and new year I had to do a second run up the street before I found a parking spot.

As I was parking the car a young asian girl with glasses walks past the car heading in the general direction of the shop. Looking in my rear vision mirror she appeared to enter the building the shop was in so I thought if she is working might be worth seeing her. I wait a couple of minutes then enter the shop and was greeted at reception by a slightly older but nevertheless reasonably good looking slim girl with an obvious vietnamese accent. 

It was obviously her turn so for me to see the other girl I would need to speak up 
"Are there other ladies available?" I say 
"Yes there is one other lady"  comes the reply
"Can I meet her too?" 
"Sure, wait a moment"

After a couple of minutes a younger lady comes out, very small and pretty and wearing a simple black knee length dress. No glasses though so I think "is this the same lady?" Who cares she looks good to me (in fact either lady would have been ok based on first impressions). I choose the younger lady (Lily) and she shows me to the room and leaves me to get ready. I take the 45 minute option for $55.

Lily returns with her hair pinned up and wearing glasses (Bingo!) and I realise she is most likely the same girl I saw outside. They really do look different in their street clothes. In this case it was a cool morning and outside I think she was wearing something like jeans and a long sleeve pullover. Quite a transformation.

Anyway on to the massage. Well as usual it was ok but lacked power. It is difficult to find a young girl that does a good firm massage, but again that isn't as important if the rest of the service is good. Lily is also vietnamese, has good English but accented (love that Vietnamese accent) and was friendly and willing to chat. She said that the new owner was Vietnamese and as far as she knows most of the girls working are Vietnamese. I suspect time will tell on that given Wanderlust saw a Chinese girl here.

On to part 2, Lily whispers in my ear and I say yes to nude part 2 (at the going rate around town) which was delivered unrushed and with some skill I might add. Slow, two handed action and Lily was not shy. Has had some experience which you wouldn't know just from looking at her. I expect extras might be limited but as usual YMMV.

I left very happy at being looked after by a nice younger lady. Can recommend. Lily works Wednesdays and Sundays.

The other girl Tiffany might be worth a try too, she didn't show any disappointment when I switched to the other girl and seems to have an outgoing personality. I will definitely be back as this place seems to have some potential, despite being slightly more expensive on the base massage fee. Cheers.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 02:51 PM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim

Establishment : Kogarah Massage

Date of Visit : Mid November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : New massage parlour in Kogarah - More than 4 girls each day - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au


Rates : $55 for 45 mins plus

Age : 19

Size/shape : pretty, short, shapely, firm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese, Hong Kong

Services Provided : therapeutic massage, damned good handjob

Value for money/recommend? : yep

My experience/comments : at the time I went here this place had not been reviewed on this forum.  It used to be a straight therapeutic place. But I saw the ad on cracker, see link above.  Any remaining doubts were addressed by looking at "the other ads by this user". 

It's a nice place.  Could be professional offices. 

Two ladies at the front desk. One ushers me into the first room, which is large clean and a bit dark. Agree on the time and I pass across the money.  I undress and lie down . Kim returns and dims the light further, to the point I can only vaguely see. I'd like t see more of her but I guess I look better to her like that. 

I'm lying on a solid, well constructed table and Kim is working hard on a therapeutic massage.  Surprisingly strong for a smallish young lady.  I'm impressed.  I wince as she presses on my calves.  After twenty minutes or so there has been no indication of anything more so I ask about body to body.  She offers a nude HJ, I think for $55.  

She undresses and in the gloom I can see a spectacular pair of large firm boobs jutting out from her nubile body in complete defiance of gravity. Her ass has similar attributes, and between is a slim waist. I carress and appreciate those shapes as they move from the convexities of her ass and boobs and the concavities between. Her skin is smooth.  

She glides her hands around my balls and cock, putting particular attention to just below the head. Somehow, with not much hand movement to a particular spot she was able to deliver amazing pleasure.  She smiled as she watched my reaction.  Usually, expertise like this is a function of time. Read MILF. So with her hands on my cock and my hands on her ass an extreme pleasurable time was had. 

Awesome lady, nice venue.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th January 2016, 09:50 AM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Kogarah Massage

Date of Visit : Sunday, early December

Rates : $55 for 45 mins, plus

Age : 34

Size/shape : slim, short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? :  yes

My experience/comments : I enjoyed my time with Kim, see above, so time for more.

Tiffany appeared to be the only lady around. She is  very attractive and chatty.  We spoke about my earlier visit.  She said she wasn't the manager but she was very interested in knowing what I like.

Stripped off and lay down on the table.   Tiffany does a very good therapeutic massage, kneading and stretching all around my body.  I tend to get an ache in my neck and shoulder and she  took up the challenge of sorting that out.  Probably 10 minutes there then lower back and calves.

Along the way she asked if this was my first visit and I told her how much I had enjoyed my time with Kim.  Tiffany explained that the business worked at meeting customers needs. Because I liked Kim, she figured I like young.  I explained I liked other things too.  Tiffany asked how old I thought she was: I suggest she  was mid 20s.  She tells me she is 34.

I ask abut extras, and she suggests a nude HJ.  I ask about FS.
She:  management  preference is HJ only. 
Me: OK, nude HJ is all good.
She: but we want you to be happy
Me: yep I'm happy wth nude HJ
She: FS ok if you want to
Me: No, no, I wouldn't want you to anything you are not comfortable  with.
She: FS all good

So we agree on $80, she doms me up with her mouth, with some impressive CBJ then she leaps aboard for reverse cowgirl.
I slide in easily but she is tight! I watch her slim waist and beautifully rounded ass pump away and I'm struggling to not come too fast. Usually I can control well but I'm working at extending the pleasure. Soon she suggests doggy. Sounds good and I figure that I can maintain control  better.  But she is so tight and sexy that son after sliding back in I shoot.  Very satisfying but too soon. Oh well.

She cleans me up and gives me a head massage to complete, more easy chatting away.  Good time, lovely lady.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd April 2016, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : RIA

Establishment :Kogarah Massage

Date of Visit : 02/04/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 

Age : Early 20's?

Size/shape : size 6-7, B-cups, sweet little arse.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage. NHJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : Surprised the aren't more reviews for this place, the girls are generally very attractive and whilst you may not get the whole box and dice thrown in for your $50 options coin the attraction of a cute young girl taking care of your needs has a fair bit to recommend it.

  Ria is a delightful young Chinese girl I was allocated, very attractive, lovely smile and good English. Massage wasn't great but certainly not the worst I have had and I was more than happy to have her go through her routine, her leg massage with a lot of oil was most enjoyable, the remaining could have used a little more pressure and probing but was reasonable none the less.

 Turn over time and naked hand job was my choice and she revealed a gorgeous young body, beautiful shape to her bum and lovely firm b-cup titties. She was fine with touching and smiled pleasantly throughout, her HJ technique was good and even through in some prostate and back passage poking which was happily received. Closure was reached and a big load dropped, she was very attentive in the clean up and happily accepted the usual tip. 

  Would I return, likely, it's a good shop so far, maybe a little indiscreet walking in and out but that's just the way it goes, worthwhile as the girls and service is worth that inconvenience.

  Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th June 2016, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: Fugly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jasmin

Establishment : kogerah massage

Date of Visit : 18/6/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Shop 2/20 Montgomery St, Kogarah NSW 2217 02 9553 7996 / 0406 255 090 New massage parlour in Kogarah - More than 4 girls each day - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 1o am on

Rates : 65 hour

Age : mid twenties

Size/shape : 6 small b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : did not ask possibly viet or chinese

Services Provided : massage daty lfk he

Value for money/recommend? : tentative yes

My experience/comments : Was in the area today and felt like a massage.
Quick search on the forums and jasmines reviews got me very interested in seeing her.
Upon arrival for my booking was led into the room and receptionist went and grabbed jasmin.
Jasmin entered wearing a tight fitting red dress proceeded to pay $65 for one hour.
After financials taken care off i sat on the table naked when jasmin returned.
We started with exploring each others bodies with our hands and light kissing.
I slowly helped jasmin undress fondling her body as we went.
I got jasmin to lay on the table as i kissed her neck and slowly made my way to her nipples given each nipple a good suck while rubbing her pussy with my free hand and jasmin getting very wet.
Daty was next on offer with jasmin getting off on my tounge working her clit and lips to the point she wrapped her legs around my head pushing my face harder into her pussy.
I stayed down there for twenty minutes getting her off multiple times trying hard to contain her moans of pleasure.
Once the daty finished we laid beside eacch other with more light kisses.
Jasmin hopped of the table grabbing the oil for the handjob finish while she positioned herself so i could finger her pussy and more light kissing i finally got over the line with jasmin giving a great hj.
Finished off with a decent massage with good pressure.
Jasmin is very cute and has return factor but here is the tentative yes part for a return as the cost for the hour plus extras was $145 all up i know there is better value girls around town providing the same extras or more for less dollars.
Posted elsewhere.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st December 2016, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment : as above

Date of Visit : 24/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $55/45 minutes 

Age : 25?

Size/shape : Size 8, bit of a bum, B/C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity :thai? 

Services Provided : Massage nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me.

My experience/comments : Feeling toey and not wanting to travel far, dropped in for some relief. Assigned Jessica which from the outset looked OK so financials taken care of, strip and await her return. Reasonable body rub ensued, couldn't really call it a massage but have had a lot worse so happily went along with it. No real conversation but I'm not really into that usually because of language issues and I haven't got a lot in common with someone half my age. Turn over time and I opt for the nude/body slide option ($70) which whilst there was nothing wrong with her body it didn't exactly excite, which was a harbinger for the rest of her service.A small amount of bodyslide on my front, face to face only, no 69 position, no pussy rubbing on me anywhere, no chance for any hands on from me, so no real interest. She then proceeded to sit on my thighs and do her ministrations from there to effectively cut out any touching whatsoever, I made a slight polite protest and she made a show of saying "Oh you can touch me"  like she was doing me a great favour, it's just that it was nowhere interesting and her tug was less than inspired, never mind that she was starting to feel heavy on my legs. In the end I called it off, she did a reasonable clean up and I was gone, less than satisfied.

Will I return? Not sure, I need to have a bit of a feel to up the erotic factor otherwise it's just not interesting enough and the younger girls for the most part just aren't offering that service.

Cheers, wanderlust.


