Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2016, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: 
 Nara Thai Massage - Shop 2/488 Princes Highway Rockdale -  0417 460 540
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Nara Thai Massage

Date of Visit : About a month ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???Sensual Body Massage in Rockdale - cheap prices??? - Australia body rubs - cracker.com.au

Welcome to Nara Thai Massage, at Shop 2/488 Princes Highway Rockdale
We offer an erotic nude body massage experience at our shop in the heart of Rockdale.
We are located 5 minutes walk from Rockdale train station, right behind the Kebab shop, and next door to the Grand Hotel.
Prices:
30 mins only $60
45 mins only $90
1 hour  only $110
for bookings please call 0417 460 540
Open 7 days a week from 10:30AM till 9:30PM.
Every day we have 2-3 masseuses from different Asian countries working.  All masseuses are well educated, professionally trained and strictly  selected. New masseuses join our team frequently.
Our shop is clean, quiet and comfortable, and we promise you a sensual experience you will be dying to repeat.                     

               Poster's age: 24

                                        • Location:          Rockdale, Sydney       

                    • Post ID: 12712592 australia


Hours of Business : see ad above

Rates : see ad above

Age : 18?

Size/shape : 150cms, A cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude Massage, bodyslide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Easy walk from the station, across the highway, then twenty metres  north to a small pedestrian mall beside the hotel. This place is at the end of the mall.

Sign outside referred to an opening special.  On going through the door, a young lady walks up, asks me how long (one hour I answer)  Body to body, she asks?  Yes.  OK, $120.  I'm still recovering from the extremely uncomfortable heat outside and don't realise immediately that the price is over the top if anything, rather that the suggested discount. The place is one very large room, with some superficial partitioning and curtains. Seems as if no-one else is there.

She takes me to the third cubicle.  I undress and lie down.  She returns to the room: at some angles she looks 18, at others she could be 25. At some angles she looks very pretty, at other not so.  In any event I lie face down and close my eyes as she kneads away at me methodically, around my body and each limb. She goes through this sequence several times while we make small talk.  As usual, I relax and start to doze a bit, when I realise that the massage has ended and she is quietly disrobing.

She pours some oil over my back and I feel her pert boobs sliding across my back and ass, while  she grinds  her pussy into my left calf.  She asks me to turn over and she continues to slide over my cock.  I ask herif there is anything else available, and she says "only this".  That's fine by me, but I figure its worth asking. She climbs off the table and commences an extremely competent HJ, building me up to the edge, then easing down again.  She did this several times, back and forth. I wonder if she is new to the business, because although very experienced and competent at HJ, she seemed to be concentrating hard at taking me to the edge and back.  Whatever the reason, it was damned good.  As I came she continued to pump me for quite some time to extend the orgasm, which was damned good too.  

Strong recommendation, better again if you could get the price down a bit


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th March 2016, 02:48 PM
Poster ID: johncl1000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was in Rockdale yesterday around midday and remembered vaguely Siegfried's review of a newish Thai massage place.  I recalled it was on the Princes Highway, somewhere in the 400's and shop 2.  Anyway, I thought I found the place and it was opposite the Rockdale adult shop - so in I went.  This massage place is totally legitimate and I had the most wonderful one hour Thai traditional massage for the grand sum of $49.  I walked out feeling fantastic although not as relaxed as I wanted to be.....So a little googling just now reveals I visited Shop 2 469 Princes Highway rather than Shop 2 488 princes Highway.  My suggestion is to follow Siegfried's excellent directions rather than my vague memory of his review.

On the way home I drove past Magic Touch Thai (655 Princes Highway Kogarah; approach from Harrow Rd).  Took the liberty of a quick 30 minute oil massage, shower before and after, body slide and HJ for $70 with Jessica (bad teeth, a little heavy but very pleasant).  So a great massage and then an OK HJ and I was a new man.

John


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th April 2016, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: hjchamp32
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dropped in here last friday. Sign on the door said open, but was locked. I called the number, it was busy. Figured I was out of luck.... I guess I would try this again sometime, but I would recommend calling ahead to make sure they are there if you are travelling out of your way (like I did ).


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th April 2016, 10:08 PM
Poster ID: happyroger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Called in here today about 1pm (it's in a lane beside the pub and behind the Kebabs shop. Sign says Open 7 Days, but another sign says closed. Go figure.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th July 2017, 07:30 PM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Nara Thai

Date of Visit : Tuesday, about a month ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 30mins for $60 all included ?????? Naked Girls Offer Fully Nude, Body Slide and much more at Rockdale - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : see weblink

Rates : see weblink


Age : says 23, I would have guessed late 20s

Size/shape : short, shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, Nude Body-slide, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : See my earlier report on this place for directions, etc.  On going in the door,  an attractive,  nicely-rounded but not chubby lady says hello.  I tell her that I had been there a while ago and had a very nice relaxing massage ,and that I  wanted to enjoy  a massage. I ask for an hour, for $110, then strip off and lie down. 
Nicole starts a thorough massage of my limbs and body.  Her massage really suited me, and was so good I regarded it as value for money, quite apart from any extras.

As I chill out I hear her clothes hit the floor and I can feel her warm, soft body sliding over me: life is good, and even better when there is TT going.  I put my hands behind me and I latch onto her booty: there is plenty to hold onto: I like that.

I ask her if FS is available. She says yes, for $100.  I explain I only have $50 more. After some thought she agrees, but will shorten the time back from the  one hour agreed earlier.

She rolls on the rubber with her mouth and starts a CBJ, followed by some tea bagging.  Then with her lying back I enter her, and caress her rewardingly plump clit while she writhes around in pleasure.  I pumped away and blow my load.

As I dressed , we chatted about whatever: there was real GFE feeling about it.  

I enjoyed this: I went back the following week and did it all again.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th August 2017, 09:33 AM
Poster ID: slim99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Nara Thai Massage Rockdale

Date of Visit : 2nd August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/488 Princes Highway Rockdale

Hours of Business : 10:30 am till 9pm

Rates : $60 - 30 mins

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Petite, pretty , C natural boobs. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, nude, body slide, HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Only average.

My experience/comments : Cindy gave me a decent enough massage (Thai style, no oil) but remained clothed throughout. No tackle tickle, then asked me to turn over. She then stripped off her dress and she has a nice body with a little bit of a tummy. Asked me if I wanted oil, then clapped a hand full of oil on the old fella and started a vigorous hj while leaning over me and rubbing her tits over my chest. Asked her to slow down, but she seemed intent on getting the job done ASAP. Overall it was OK, she is a pleasant lady, but won't be rushing back.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th August 2018, 10:40 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This shop is up for sale for $15K 
https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/lans...hop/1191681739


