Thread Title: Nicky - Sydenham Massage - 0426 363 988
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd May 2017, 07:23 AM
Poster ID: ballzy
Post Title: 
 Nicky - Sydenham Massage - 0426 363 988
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicky

Establishment : Sydenham Massage

Date of Visit : 22 May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 78 Railway St Sydenham.  Ph: 0426 363 988

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 30/45/60   $35/$45/$60

Age : early 40's est

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (Hong Kong)

Services Provided : Msg, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No!!!!!

My experience/comments : 
Hi all,
My first (real) review so please be gentle!

This place apparently opened in January this year & I had seen their ads on Cracker and thought being rather "newish" it should be okay at least - wrong!  I had a particularly hectic weekend driving heavy vehicles for a mate & was in need of a good massage to get rid of some knots and tight spots in my shoulders and lower back. Rocked up here about 11.30am after dropping the truck off nearby hoping for at least a decent massage.

The place is easily located & as I entered through the partially open door on the street, I had to press the buzzer on another door just inside to be let in. I was greeted by Nicky who ushered me into the first room on the left - oops! Did I say room? I have been in broom closets much much bigger than this! In this "room" was a msg table squeezed against one wall, with just enough room at the head for a chair. At the other end was a small table with the usual massage oils etc. I think there was only one other room (closet) there.

I paid $35 for the 1/2 hour & started getting undressed, and noticing that the walls are only partitions so there is no privacy in this closet. No problem today as Nicky was the only one working and she came back in while I was still getting undressed. I then hopped on the table and asked for a hard massage concentrating on my shoulders and lower back. She gave a half-decent massage and getting up onto the table to get some more leverage on the tight spots. After about 15 mins she asked if I wanted a "happy ending" for $20 or clothes off HJ for another $60. I declined both initially but relented on the HJ & politely asked if I could touch her. She replied by saying "outside only" and then oiled up her hands a bit more & then stood well out of reach while administering possibly one of the worst handies I have ever had. There was no technique & she seemed to be trying to separate my dick from my body!  I indicated that this wasn't doing it for me so she changed a bit which eventually got me over the line. Clean up was with tissues & wet wipes only.

So bro's - don't waste your dough on this place - there are certainly better ones around. After giving Nicky the $20 & getting dressed, I noticed that she kept the same towel on the table so more points off for that one.
I checked my phone when leaving and noticed that I was only there for 25 minutes all up, so more points off there too.

One final word of advice - AVOID!

Cheers
ballzy


