Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th May 2011, 02:35 PM
Poster ID: Andrew Livingston
Post Title: 
 Rockdale Relaxation Massage - 13/10 King St, Rockdale - 02 9599 0105
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Wasn't offered, she is the mamasan and appears to be the only WL

Establishment: Rockdale Relaxation Massage

Date and time of Visit: 5:45pm, early May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 13/10 King St, Rockdale. Phone: 9599 0105

Hours of Business: 10am(estimated ?)-7pm

Rates: $35 for 1/2 hour, $50 for 1 hour

Age: 40s

Size/shape: 12, c-cup bust

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Good massage and HJ for "tips"

Value for money/recommend?: I suppose so...

My experience/comments: In the area executing a contract, I saw the local paper at the lunch room I was taking my break in. Flicking through the classifieds, I saw a one line ad for this place: "At New Rockdale relax msg $50/h no sex 11/10 King St" with the phone number. With my onsite activites done, I thought I'd go work out my frustrations and take a punt.

The place is upstairs in a commercial retail mall, which conveniently has free multi-level parking next door at Target and a second set of stairs to King Lane. The mamasan was plain but not unattractive. Motherly. Hmm. She was solid, not fat, and was wearing a thin (material) black dress with white trim that came to her knees. Not see through, more's the pity.

Asked how long I'd like and taking the $35, half hour (punt special), I was shown to a small room with no mirrors, no shower, no air con and a tiny massage table with a single hole. Happy to end up with "just a massage" I disrobed and asked if i should take my underwear off. I was told yes...



Enquiring if I wanted a hard or soft massage, I (unusually) elected for "soft". And I am glad that I did! Any stronger and I'd be in pain (and I love a strong massage!) The mamasan was strong and knew how to execute a good Chinese massage, with good use of elbows, fore arms, and very strong pressure! I was amazed, most "soft" massage involves very little apart from rubbing the skin.

Twenty five minutes in (and very relaxed) I had a playful inner thigh massage and the question - "hand job?" Saying yes, I was told "Tips!" No discussion of price, but I had my change from a $50. Turning over, a small amount of oil was applied to Andrew Jr and a passable clothed HJ was provided. Lots of ball play, stroking got my thighs and legs and variation in stroking. Of note was the play around my "lower" head, thoroughly enjoyable.

Maybe I was the fact I was tired. Maybe it was the silence (the Chinese motivational music having stopped ten minutes earlier). Maybe it was the thin walls between shops and the Macedonian gentlemen arguing next door distracted me. Either way, it just didn't happen for me.  Don't get me wrong, I was 99% there! To the WLs defence, seeing that I was not finishing, she tried additional encouragement. Taking my hand and placing it on her arse, then breasts (over her clothes) and even a little more oil. Nothing worked, although it felt fantastic. Her breasts felt firm in the bra but I wasn't going to finish and called it off soon after.

Possibly to make up for the failure to launch, I received another 5 minutes of massage, again of excellent quality. I left the $15 as tip for her extra attention and left, limber and frustrated, but (bizarrely) happily so.

I may return if I am in the area; the alternate entrance to the complex is quite handy...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th May 2011, 12:06 PM
Poster ID: ThatMan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Alice

Establishment :Rockdale Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit:30/4/11 @4pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:13/10 King St, Rockdale. Phone: 9599 0105



Hours of Business: 10am till 7pm

Rates:$35 for 1/2 hour $50 for hour

Age:Mid 30's

Size/shape:Size 12 curvey with B Breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity:She said Thai but that was after I had told her I used to do Thai massage before

Services Provided:R&T

Value for money/recommend?: Sorta

My experience/comments: I was just on my way back to my car that was parked in the top level of the "Target" car park when I saw the shop. I had no intention of going in but seeing it had been a while since I have had  a massage thought "why not"?.

The lady I saw was there on her own not attractive but not unattractive either. I was happy to settle for the half our $35 massage and see how it panned out before deciding if I wanted the tug if offered.

Alice seemed to know what she was doing massage wise and seemed to cover all areas, in between answering the phone and leaving the room to let customers know that she would be available in "x" minutes. These breaks in play where a bit annoying and did little to get me in any sort of way aroused even with the occasional "accidental" brush of the tackle.

After 20 minutes of massage I was asked to turn over and asked with the universal sign did I want a tug. Thought why not and told it would be $20. She reminded me it was $20 and I got the hint she wanted the money before she would go any further. Transaction finished she got stuck into an o/k hj and with a bit of fondling of arse and tits through clothing the desired affect was reached.

As a punt it could only be described as average. Would I go back? Maybe, to try a different girl, its cheap and handy for me.

Alice said she worked Fridays and Sundays


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th June 2012, 11:52 PM
Poster ID: Suk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Helen

Establishment :Rockdale Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit: A Monday in June, 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:13/10 King St, Rockdale. Phone: 9599 0105

Rates:$35 for 1/2 hour

Age: Late 30's to Early 40's (said 32)

Size/shape: Average

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage, Nude (apart from undies) & CBJ. Extras cost me $40.

Value for money/recommend?: Okay, but not outstanding. May return.

Typical Chinese massage 7/10
Body 6/10
CBJ 8/10

Helen said she only works Mondays.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th November 2012, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: cusoon
Post Title: 
 shop 13/10 King street Rockdale: 95990105
				
Post Content: 
While strolling through Rockdale one day....
In the merry merry month of November....
I saw this sign simply saying "massage shop 13"....So in I went and opened the door of 13 and walked in.
I immediatley saw down the hall, this sexy looking buxom Vivacious Chinese lass about 25 years old.......then "pop" this unattractive woman walked out behind her and came up to me and took me to a room.
I hate being rude but as she told me the prices it was obvious she was going to massage me.

But all I could see was this buxom vivacious looking lass that was in the halll....So I just said I want that!
She went out and got the girl whose name I think was Yo Yo or Yu Yu.
Up close she was still beautiful and vivacious with just a lovely round face and BIG jugs!
I booked for 45 minutes which was $45 and quickly got the gear off.

Her massage skills were about level with her English skills zilch, zero nada.......But that horney voluptuious body had me mesmerised.
She had only been massaging for 5 minutes and I turned around and grabbed them jugs and stuck my hand under the short dress.....She resisted somewhat with a couple of giggles and said more money.
At this stage I was about to hand her my wallet with $500 in it, but thought better of that idea.

Anyway I gave her $50 and proceeded to ravage that body with my hands and tongue.
She was wet even before I went to daty her but down I went on the not too hairy pussy that smelt like heaven and in and out went my tongue.
She squirmed and closed her legs about my head so that I had to stop for 2 seconds and come up for air.
Then she pushed my head back down into her pussy and pulled my hair [or what little of it I had left in an almighty shuddering orgasm!.



I then tried to enter her snatch with my cock but she said no sexy no sexy...So I wiped her pussy juices on my cock, stuck it between her tits while she grabbed my balls, and went to town for about 10 minutes before I blew over her chin and neck.
Tiny little sink in the room barely enough to wash my mouth out and my hands but I did manage.
Asked her if I could have sex next time and she said OK.........I WILL RETURN!!!!!!!!
I mean fair dinkum, I would use her shit for toothpaste!  :-)

Room and shower facilities [non existant] 3/10 for room
massage skills  0/10
English skills    1/10
pussy            9.99999/10
Looks            9.9999999999/10!
Age    about 25ish
NAT.  Chinese


If I had to pick someone well known who she looks similar to it would be Abigail from Number 96.
For those that havn't heard of her check her out here....

Number 96 40TH ANNIVERSARY - THE 2012 AUSTRALIAN FILM FESTIVAL 7-17 MARCH 2012


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th November 2012, 03:32 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What day was this?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th November 2012, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: cusoon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Mr Crash and Burn


What day was this
"""



Today around 1100hrs.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th January 2013, 12:06 PM
Poster ID: cusoon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went and saw this buxom Abigail look-a-like again...just finished actually.
While she said no sexy last time, [SEE POST 4]  this time after we had some daty [she has the sweetest pussy I've ever inserted my tongue in!] she breathlessly asks me, no sorry, tells me to fuck her!

I weakened and fucked here....
Seriously she is as described in post 4.
After some great daty and my cock all the way in her gob, then some great deep kissing initiated by her, with cherry tasting lipstick, and then being able to slip my old fella into a beautiful tight pussy, I came in a couple of minutes!

As I only came prepared for daty I then offered the same as last time $50....
She was happy and gave me another deep kiss with that tongue down tickling my tonsils...Guess what! I was barring up again!
I frantically went to  my "cunning kick" in the wallet pulled out another $50 slipped it in her hand and started to undress her and myself again.
She stopped me and said no more and that she had an appointment coming up
Gave me the other $50 back with her hand still on my cock and my pants around my ankles and in a few minutes had me blowing again into the palm of her hands.
This is the horniest, sexiest bitch I have ever been with!
Can't massage [1/10] can't speak english [2/10] but has that same horny sexy come hither look that Abigail had.
For those too young to remember Abigail, she was the one in the popular TV series "No 96"


Floor: #8
Post Time: 8th January 2013, 08:07 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review cusoon. I wonder if your Abigail (YuYu) works here on days other than Tuesday, or plies her trade elsewhere.

And for those who can remember, the real Abigail would have had an almost endless line of guys wanting to have a play with her back in the 70's. Possibly one of the sexiest aussie girls ever!!


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ruby

Establishment :Rockdale Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit: Tuesday January 15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:13/10 King St, Rockdale. Phone: 9599 0105

Rates:$35 for 1/2 hour

Age: Mid 20's

Size/shape: Pretty Good

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: 2 min massage...Daty, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend?: For the daty alone...yes

Coming back from the city with an hour up my sleeve, where do I go, then it hit me cusoon's review from last Tuesday on his buxomy Abigail girl he referred to in post #4 as YoYo.

Well, I dont know if I got the right girl, or whether cusoon's day wasnt a Tuesday, I am none the wiser.

Anyway, Ruby kinda fits the description. Quite buxomy, although the pushup/padded bra and tight top tend to "blow" the size up a bit, but I would say probably a decent C, and they were quite good to look out and touch and suck. 

Laid down asked for very soft, 30 seconds in, her upper thigh is pressing my hand and her fingers are tinkling the ivories between my ass. Flipped over at the 2 minute mark and she said to me..."u wanna fuck"....dollars dealt with and I have got her stripped and laying down down with my head between her legs. Beautiful tasting pussy and she got into it. After a bit she started thrashing her head about and then next thing she grabbed my head and pulled me away. I'd say she stopped me just before she lost total control.

On with the dom and she gave a half hearted toothy CBJ. Stuff that...standing mish then got to lay on the table for her to ride cowgirl when it hit me. A huge wet patch from her leaking pussy was the culmination of the earlier DATY...i was quite chuffed 
Not a bad cowgirl, some more doggy and I just wanted to pound her hard, but those f.....g doms that dry out was giving her grief. Asked for BB but she squealed...NO!!, so I got her to HJ finish which I was able to aim in her direction (unbeknowns to her) and got one shot that hit her before she jumped back and gawked at the way my cock blew.

Will I return...possibly....if she lived up to 'cusoon's' review then for sure, but it was more business and I had the feeling that she had done this before quite regularly.

Was it cusoon's girl...I dont know. Some parts fitted others were miles off. She had a few tatts (one on her tit that was visible clothed) and she also said she had other worked there for 3 weeks which doesnt fit the earlier(initial) review of her. 

Interesting to get cusoon's comments, especially on tatts!!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th January 2013, 06:23 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw this girls on Tuesday as well, I rang up and asked if YU Yu was on that day and the girl on the phone said yes.
Off I go, paid $45 for 45 minutes, she's the same girl that  Mr Crash and Burn saw, she had a tattoo on her tit and back,she was very flirty on introduction, she did a piss poor massage for a few minutes,then asked me something,but her english is pretty bad, then she made these hand gestures with sexual connotations, but to be truthful, because her massage was so poor, all I wanted was a HJ with nude,she's certainly new to the massage side of things because every minute or so she would stop the HJ and complain that her wrist was sore, finally got me over the line and I tipped her the $30 we agreed to.
She's a good looker as far as most asian massage ladies go, but her massage was so poor that it didn't inspire me for anything else, that's how it goes sometimes.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 30th January 2013, 10:37 PM
Poster ID: sydguy0101
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What size body is she? 10 

Dunno how to take pretty good :S thx


Floor: #12
Post Time: 3rd February 2013, 06:28 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date: 3rd February 2013, around 4pm.

Name: CiCi

Location: 13/10 King Street, Rockdale

Nationality: mainland Chinese

Age: early 30s MILF

Works here: Sundays and Mondays

Cost: $55/60 + tip

Appearance: quite pretty, wore some make up, but not too much. She
was wearing high heels and a short miniskirt. Nice body.
Well, they don't call it a punt for nothing! I thought I'd go out of my comfort zone so I came down to Rockdale and got into 13/10 King Street. After going in, with noone at the front, CiCi soon showed up in the corridor.

I asked for a massage, $55/60. After organising the monies, Cici came back into the room. Facilities are ok, the room I was in had tisues, oil and a little sink in the corner. CiCi is attractive looking for her age. I am not sitting here to write a piece of literature, so let's get to the details. The massage was actually
quite good. She started hard, but when she asked, I asked for soft. That, and my reaction to her touching me, make it clear to her what I wanted. Eventually the tackle tickle started and it was quite good. She was very arousing, and the drawn out process was really nice. I hate it when they rush for the finish line.
I've managed to touch her a few times on the legs and thighs legs while I was
still facedown. 

After turnover, to cut a long story short, I eventually got some
nipple suckage, but I could not manage to spread her legs. There was some upper thigh 
touching and once I got her aroused by sucking and licking her nipples, her legs prized themselves apart. However I think CiCi is actually quite sensitive, as her reaction when I did manage to touch down there was a quite noticable. Because of this, I think she keeps her legs together.

In terms of undressing, I really didn't get a lot off. High heels
of course came off at the start. However I only got her to undo her 
blouse so that I can take out the puppies (she mentioned more money, but we did not agree a sum). They are probably As, ad her bra is obviously padded; nonetheless, nice shape and feel. 
I suspect that YMMV.

Anyway, she is a pretty girl, and getting aroused did not seem too hard, 
although I don't think I really got her there. However the nipple suckage was
enjoyable, she has a nice figure and a pretty face so I felt this is
quite worthwhile.

I should remind you that her skirt never came off, so then maybe a
little bit of a baby belly, I'm not sure. But she looks quite good.

I ended up tipping her $50 which, by the look on her face, was clearly an overtip.

During the week, she says that she works at a place in town doing facials. By the way, I don't think her English is too good. But then, I didn't go there for the conversation.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 5th January 2016, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina


Establishment: NK Beauty Massage Salon


Date of Visit: 5 January 2016


Contact Details/Address/Weblink :


(02) 9599-0105


Shop 13/10 King St Rockdale NSW 2216 


Level 1 just off the ramp from the King St Council parking


Hours of Business: 

10am - 8pm daily ?


Rates: 


30 min-------------------------$35
45 min-------------------------$45
60 min-------------------------$55


Age: mid to late 30's, very sexy MILF 


Size/shape: size 8, in pretty good shape for her age, I had a huge pleasant surprise when she took her top off, very busty, 35 DD Cups man !!!!!!!! a real gem in the suburbs !!


Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese, speak cantonese


Services Provided : excellent firm remedial massage for my neck and shoulder and sensational HJ !!! 


Value for money/recommend? : Well, if Selina works in the city, I shall be seeing her every week, just very hard to find another opportunity to get to Rockdale !! What a pity !!


My experience:


Need to get to Brighton / Rockdale way for work and the traffic in the rain was horrific. Finished a bit early and I had a really stiff neck so I thought may be I could squeeze in a quickie massage nearby. Found the local council parking on behind King St so quickly did a search in the forum to see if any RnT shop is nearby. Couldn't believe my luck when this Rockdale Relaxation Massage came up and from the address, it must be nearby. So ring the shop and it was right next door to the carpark. Ask the lady if they have someone who can give a strong massage as I have a very sore neck, she said I can try Selina. So why not.

Make my way across the walk way and it was all undercover, so all good, enter the smallish shopping arcade and the massage shop was to my right. looks very doggy so pretty sure it's not a legit shop, ok, search mission accomplished, let see who this Selina is.

Push the door and go inside, two MILFs sitting behind the reception desk, but OK looking ( for my age only, if other brothers are looking for younger MLs, this is probably not your kind of shop............lol) so I said I have a booking to see Selina, one lady stood up and said, I'm Selina, this way please.

She lead me to the back and looks like there are only two rooms in the shop, she took me into the middle room, that's between the last room and reception desk. the room partition does go all the way to the ceiling but it's only a small gap, I guess that's ok, and I usually don't make any noise anyway.............haha

The room is basic, average size, massage table in the middle with the disposable cover, a mirror in the corner and a chair for the clothing, then there is a water basin in the other corner with tissue box and wet wipes next to it. yeap, pretty standard RnT set up I'll say.

and as I only have time for a quickie, the wall's price list said $35 for 30 min, So I hand over $90 and told Selina the $50 is her tip and she can also keep the change. Selina gave me a cheeky smile and said thank you then asked me to get ready and she went outside to put the money away.

Now, today is rainy and it's a cold day, so Selina was wearing a short skirt but has a throw over covering her upper body to keep warm, so can't really tell if she is busty or not, it's a gamble to tip her up front, but hey, that's my style and feeling generous today, hope for the best.

As I was just about to lay down naked, Selina came back into the room and took off the throw over, hmmmm, still can't tell, as the top of her creamy dress is quite loose and covering up all the way to the top, so no cleavage to look at, but from my own experience and judgement, she has some decent materials there, just hopefully that is Not the illusions created by heavily padded or push up bra !!

So the massage started, and I told Selina I have a stiff neck, so she went straight to the problem area !! OK, this is good , very good indeed !! within the first couple of minutes I could already tell that Selina is very experienced and she knows how to give a firm remedial massage. just a touch of oil and she follows the nerves from my neck to the shoulders and down my arms and toward the hand and fingers, all the pain and sore spots was hit, I hit a jackpot here I thought to myself !!

My sore spots are mainly on my left side, but she insisted that she needs to do the right side as well, the massage treatment must be balanced. sounds good to me, I wish I have time to extend to 60 min, the way she was massaging me, I really don't want her to stop, but what about part 2 !! may be I shouldn't have tip her up front. This could be one of the best value $35 massage, but as I am feeling so good, may be the tipping was working as well.

Have a peek at the wall clock, it's been 25 min since we started, so only 5 min left for part 2 and Selina was showing no sign of moving on to the fun part, so I was a but anxious, I won't be if she was one of my regular girls as they always give me extra times, but for a first timer, I just don't know, so I signal to her that I need to get up, have a drink of water from my bottle and just sit on the side of the table.

Selina look at me, and between my legs and say something to me in Cantonese : you want to play now. I said I am afraid the time is up, she said, don't worry, it's not busy today and she has no booking waiting, so she was going to give extra time anyway. sounds great, now show me your tits (I didn't say the last line............lol)

So Selina turned her back to me and lifted up her dress, it was a one piece and she was wearing a T-back down there and a tiny bra from the back view. I pray to myself, let there be big, please be big and as Selina turned towards me, all my prayers have been answered !!

She is VERY BUSTY !! they are indeed hidden treasure chests !! and that's Not a bra, it's just a tiny bikibi top and must be one size too small too. Wow, I said, good ball ball you got there !! big really ? do you like them, I said I love them. pull Selina towards me and gave her a hug. before I examine them with my hands, I am testing them with my own chest, 100% natural for sure, my hands reach to the back any tried to un clip the top, no luck, not something easily un did or un hooked, so embarrassed, Selina came to the rescue, she undid it by one hand and in one motion, bloody hell, she must have had plenty of practice !!

WOW !! big big tits !! for those people who know my tastes and are familiar with my favourite busty massage ladies, Selina is in the same class as Coco from Stanmore and Mimi at Burwood. very big, very full, very firm and nipples already erected probably due to my cold hands. Yes, my cold hands are all over her big warm breasts, too bad this room doesn't have a big wall mirror so I can't do my play and watch the big tits thing. And I must have been just playing them the way I love to do to big tits for the next 5 min. well, she said she is going to give me more time, so I am not letting go of my favourite toy any time soon.

But time was well and truly over so I lay back down on the table and see what Selina is gonna to do, I was expecting her to stand right next to me so that I can continue to play those tits and give me a HJ, but no, surprised surprised, she came up to the table, sit in between my legs, got my legs well apart and placed them over her so that my entire private region was totally exposed to her. This is what Leng Leng used to do to me, and Coco and Amy and Susan and only the very best MLs with magical hands, am I really hitting a jackpot !!

The answer is Yes, Yes, Yes, !! while I was a bit disappointed that there was absolutely no teasing and TT touching while Selina was massaging me, but what she is doing to me in the next 10 min was more than double, triple, or even quadrible make up for it. She was very slow, very sensual, using both hands interchangably and her hands go every where, the balls, the cock, the tip of the cock, the helmet, a bit of rimming, as I moved a little, she went in just a little bit to make me few better, then she gave me a few quick jerk to keep me interested, then she lean forward and bury my cock between her big tits, a bit of Spanish and when I try to participate by try to fuck her tits, she let me do that for a little bit then move my cock out of her cleavage and put in just underneath her nipple, so I was rubbing up and down her slippery and erected nipple, and then the other one, then she put me back inside for more Spanish then I was out in the cold and she was caressing my balls, then her hands formed a bit of a love tunnel and hand fuck my cock, she keeps changing and I was fighting hard to hold on to my shot !!

I think the time must have hit the 45 min mark and Selina while in complete control of my cock and my any minute now upcoming orgasm, said to me, have you had enough, you want to cum now !!, I said yes please and try to pull her closer to me, then she pulled away and said too oily I don't suck. She must have thought I wanted her to blow me, so I explain to her that I just wanted to cum between her tits, she said that's ok, put some more oil between her tits and lean forward to capture my cock, OK, this is my play, and my territory, so I re adjusted my position and pushed Selina back a touch to leave some home between our bodies and have my cock in it's favourite position, I placed my hands on the outside of Selina's twn big tits, push them together so that they are completely covering up my cock - gee, I wish a have a bigger gun so that I could stick my head out a bit - haha, got to make do with what I am born with, may be in the next life !! So here comes my favourite tits fuck spanish finishes and needless to say, with so much cock play and build up by Selina's magical hands, I shot a really big load landed proudly on my chest.

As I was fast diminishing, I keep rubbing myself on to Selina's tits to get the last bit of sensual feeling ! that's one of the best sessions I have in recent months.

I made a big mess on Selina's breasts and she seems ok with it and when I let go of her tits, she look down to the mess I left behind and look at me and smile, you cum a lot, are you pleased, I said I am very pleased. She told me today she spend a lot of time in massaging me, if I come back next time and I don't the firm massage, she can play with me the whole session, she then asked me have a ever tried a 30 min HJ, I said now you are talking, I have seen other lady who could do that (thinking of Leng Leng immediately) but not recently. But I will be honest with you, I don;t usually come to Rockdale, do you work in other places, she said only work one day here as she has family to look after. I said you are too good to work just one day. She said, she used to work a lot more, but now she's married and have family so only work one day here and there to earn some pocket money, she doesn't want her husband to know. I said, your husband is a very luck man, she said, he is, but he doesn't know !!

After cleaning, Selina make me sit up and gave me some hammering on my back, something she didn't do as I got up myself before I was told, I like her professionalism, she is definitely a lady I can see more, if only she will be working in the city. Bloody Rockdale, so far away !!

Well, then, Tuesday, Rockdale, Selina !! a beautiful catch !! just love those big tits !!

Cheers





ps. Is this the trend for me in the new year 2016 ? the first two punts of the year, both went to new shops and saw a first time girl, am I changing my no risk policy..................lol


Floor: #14
Post Time: 13th January 2016, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: hjchamp32
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : YuYu

Establishment: NK Beauty Massage Salon

Date of Visit: 12 January 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink 02) 9599-0105

Shop 13/10 King St Rockdale NSW 2216  Level 1 just off the ramp from the King St Council parking

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm daily ?

Rates:

30 min-------------------------$35
45 min-------------------------$45
60 min-------------------------$55

Age: mid to late 30's,

Size/shape: size 8, very short, not unattractive, probably full B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided : massage with clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : just average

My experience:

Thank for your detailed review Lungor, and off the back of it, I made sure I was going to this place on the next available tuesday! I called ahead and was told YuYu and Jennifer were on. No Selina? the answer became Yes. Hmmm....

So I arrived and was greeted by a short but not unattractive mid 30's Yuyu in a summery tight dress. I asked for Selina, and she looks confused for a second while recalling her lie. Then announces Selina is busy, waving vaguely in the direction of another room. I told her I called to book Selina. Was told she is busy, but Yuyu assert she is better. #1 girl for massage was her exact words I think.

I consider walking. I mean who likes to be lied to? But I know I have Yuyu worried, so I think I will have a punt and see.

I go for the half hour, and Yuyu gives a good back walk, followed by a slightly above average hard massage, so its OK there. A strange TT (it was really firm, not teasing), and turnover for HJ. No nude was suggested by either party. Yuyu tries to use the 100 mile an hour trick and I constantly slow her down, her technique is below average. But my hands roamed everywhere...

Overall I would not return to see Yuyu. If I try to book Selina, I will only go if she is named without prompting and walk if I don't see her.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 14th January 2016, 10:20 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That Yuyu or Yoyo sounds like the mamasan, I saw her in the shop when I was there last time, agreed, probably not someone I would pick from a line up. But Selina was a different cattle of fish as she has got some classy look in her, even when I first lay my eyes on her and she was covered up so I had no idea what a great pair she has got underneath. I took the punt on the basis that she could give a firm massage and I guess I was very lucky, in the right place at the right time for a totally strange new shop - that's punting and all RnT is all about I suppose.


Selina did say she only works there one day a week - and as I said before, I so wish she could be working in the CBD..........

So booking confirmation is a must and I think when you ring next time, don't ask for Selina by name, just ask them who's working and see if Selina's name was mentioned ! Good luck buddy.


Floor: #16
Post Time: 2nd February 2016, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: hjchamp32
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the tip Lungor mate. I called them today, they said Alice and YuYu are on. So I said no thanks.... I will keep trying to see if I can replicate your lucky experience!


Floor: #17
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gentleman, I think we have been hoodwinked by Lungor.






			
				Couldn't believe my luck when this Rockdale Relaxation Massage came up and from the address, it must be nearby. So ring the shop and it was right next door to the carpark. Ask the lady if they have someone who can give a strong massage as I have a very sore neck, she said I can try Selina.
			
		





			
				Selina is in the same class as Coco from Stanmore
			
		





			
				ps. Is this the trend for me in the new year 2016 ? the first two punts of the year, both went to new shops and saw a first time girl
			
		

After reading the GLOWING review by Lungor, I decided to make a booking to see Selina.

Long story short, it was just Coco from Stanmore. 

I enjoyed how his review which claims that it was the first time that Lungor had seen this lady by the name of Selina. But this changed when I made a booking and rocked up at this place, it was a bit of a surprise to see Coco from Stanmore was actually Selina at this shop. Now it is evident that Lungor has posted GLOWING reviews of Coco's shop and reviews of Coco herself with the review even providing photos of the location (real helpful guy). 

So it is safe to assume that he is very well acquainted with Coco the mamasan.

Is it just a coincidence that this new lady that he has seen for the FIRST TIME on this occasion, is also the mamasan from the previous shop he was quite blantantly helping advertise?

Even if I had half a brain, I would piece this together, together and see you are deliberately trying to persuade fellow forum members to visit for Selina, while trying to conceal the fact that it is the same person you have seen before on numerous occasions. Don't even get me started if you try to say that you didn't try to hide the fact that its the same person, it is VERY OBVIOUS. 

I have nothing personal against Coco she is a nice lady, can massage, and she has a nice body. I just don't find her attractive, and driving a long way out of my area to see her to be fooled like this is not cool to say the least, it was good that she was delayed on her current booking, as I had a good reason to just leave, and see another ML.

You have crossed the line on this occasion.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 6th February 2016, 12:20 AM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The cherry on top.





			
				I took the punt on the basis that she could give a firm massage and I guess I was very lucky, in the right place at the right time for a totally strange new shop - that's punting and all RnT is all about I suppose.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 6th February 2016, 06:17 AM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am sure Lungor will answer in due course. I can't help but think that in this case Coco did not want it to be known where she is working.  As for the rest I agree. I have reported posts on this forum in the past which are obviously free advertising. Not sure what action if any was taken so after a while I kind of gave up and used the ignore function. Works for me.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 6th February 2016, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If her whereabouts was to remain a secret, then why bother reviewing.  As for the advertising, this lady has a well credentialed resume and if her performance matched the hype then she wouldnt need advertising to become popular.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 04:06 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lungor is a good dude! 

But you got to come clean if your affiliated/own a bunch of RnTs as you will not be able to provide unbiased reviews. 

It's always been a bit suss as Lungor is incredibly active on this site and the other similiar site (aus99, etc).

Come clean mate!


Floor: #22
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I agree with the above... time Lungor is called out for self and affiliated shop promotion.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I propose that this is not further discussed on this review thread...  I will raise elsewhere.


Floor: #24
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 10:17 PM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Stretching the truth can always be subjective, and can be hard to prove, especially on an online forum. But downright deceit with intent is NOT a debatable matter.

His affiliation with shops and "friends" should be a secondary matter, I don't even care that much if he is affiliated or not, as he is probably going to just deny it. I just want to shed some light on this shady individual in hopes of preventing other fellow forum members wasting their time/money and being conned like I was.


