Thread Title: St. George Massage - 330 railway Parade Carlton - 02 8971 2578
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2019, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: 
 St. George Massage - 330 railway Parade Carlton - 02 8971 2578
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : St. George Massage

Date of Visit : 23 December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 330 railway Pde. Carlton

Phone :89712578

Hours of Business : 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : $35 half hour plus tips

Age : Early thirties

Size/shape : Medium/Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, nude hj

Value for money/recommend? : OK nut nothing special

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Called in to my usual place at Carlton but the one girl working advised me she will be busy for one hour, having just gone in with a customer. A pity because I had seen her before and she offers a very good bbbj.
Across the railway line to a place I had not been to before however had noticed it when I previously parked the car on that side.

Nothing outstanding from the outside, lots of window advertising thus you cannot mistake it for anything else.
Once inside the place looks a bit small and cramped but clean. One lady welcomed me as I entered and advised me she was the only one available. Not too bad looking, quite busty and a little stocky. She introduced herself as Julie.
I opted for the half hour massage at $35.
Once the financials were over I was asked to lay on the massage table. Julie commenced a fairly good massage on my back and shoulders. When her hands wandered a little further south there was the occasional brushing between the thighs.
Upon turning over, and at this stage Julie was still fully clothed, she noticed that my cock was beginning to come alive. I asked if any extras were available. Yes, only a nude hj for additional $50, which I accepted.
Julie disrobed to reveal a fairly nice body, firm breasts. A little oil was applied to my cock and Julie began a slow massage. I asked if touching was allowed and was told breasts yes, pussy only on the outside.
The way Julie positioned herself made it almost impossible to reach her pussy thus I concentrated on massaging her breasts. Her pace quickened as she realised I was about to come and I soon spurted on her hands.
A good clean up and was soon out the door. Not one of the best encounters, a little too impersonal and no real communication. I don't think I will return unless it's to see another girl.

By the way, I did return to the original place I intended to go to and managed to persuade the girl for a short time bbbj and cim.


