Thread Title: Thai Massage - 240 Moorefields Rd, Beverly Hills - 02 9759 1860
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2013, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: 
 Thai Massage - 240 Moorefields Rd, Beverly Hills - 02 9759 1860
				
Post Content: 
Been out exploring new establishments that have cropped up in the last few weeks, kind of beating Searay to the punch.

Anyway, enough of the bullshit, this shop is located on Moorefields Road, just around the corner from King Georges road (opposite the Town and Country 4WD spares place).  I have been driving past this place on and off for the past 6 months and noticed the sign writing on the shopfront windows, with "opening soon". The signage is impressive and one would think on face value that the place was going to be one of those traditional legit Thai operations.

Fast forward to last week, and I notice a new ad pop up in the Leader advertising this pace as "relaxing massage" and low and behold...its in the adult services section. Here's me hoping that the punting gods had rescued me and one of those North Shore Thai pleasure grounds had opened that sister shop I was begging for earlier in the week!!!

Mr C and B decides to investigate/TOFTT late this afternoon on his way to a place close by.

Entry is either from Moorefields Road or through the roller shutter door in the adjacent lane (Moondai Lane i think). Parking is pretty shithouse, C and B parked illegally in the lane, one wheel up the kerb. Calculated risk due to it being late on sat afternoon!!

The mamasan must have seen me park because she greeted me in what appears to be a lived in type garage. She was anything but Thai, mid 40's and dressed in those "extras written all over her" type of attire. She invited me in and called out to another girl inside the shop part of the building. This turned out to be the ML allocated.

Lisa turned out to be her name and she was one hot little number, mid 20's, wearing a tight skirt which looked so good on her that if she walked past you in the street you would break your neck turning around to have a look at it. She had liitle or no titties and had a metal plate across her top teeth (not braces). Turns out she is Korean, which adds more to Thai mystery.Unfortunately for me, I only had 30 minutes up me sleeve!!

Told me to strip off, and I laid down, head up and waited. In she comes all smiles and I tested the waters immediately and asked for a "very" soft massage.

Her experience outweighed her age and she knew exactly the spot to tantalise. Within 5 minutes, nude HJ upgrade for $50 was offered and accepted.

Won't go into too much detail, however, she did have button nipple tits (probably an A- size). Touching was allowed but limited unfortunately. I would have fucked her in a heartbeat but not this time was her response.

Great HJ got and she got me spraying a second spurt up over my face much to her fun. She was good and one of those types who you may hope will go a bit further next time.

Lisa only works Saturday but does work in the city, Silver Fox I am led to believe on other weekdays.

Upon leaving, I spoke with mamasan, who was doing her own Crash and Burn detective work on me, and said she knows me from a shop at Hurstville and that I used to come in and ask for a certain girl.........her intel in correct 

She said that they have been open 4 weeks and have only 1 youngish girl working with her each day until they get busier. She fills in when the need arises.

I will post a phone number and shop name when I find them. But fellow punters, this shop could have enormous upside, and knowing where the mamasan has worked, I am sure she wont be to worried if the complete array of extras are offered by these young girls!!  Heres hoping.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd September 2013, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: notforgotten
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the st george leader online had this ad

At Beverly Hills Full Body Relax massage 240 Moorefields Rd. Back door parking 9759 1860


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd September 2013, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: upnatit
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by notforgotten


the st george leader online had this ad

At Beverly Hills Full Body Relax massage 240 Moorefields Rd. Back door parking 9759 186
"""



Am I reading to much into this "back door parking" offer?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd September 2013, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: LCA
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by upnatit


Am I reading to much into this "back door parking" offer
"""



Is this Old Fossil?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st November 2013, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: cheekie81
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Drive past it every day. Thanks for the report. 

Will go try this place myself.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th December 2013, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: firstclassass
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name:   Tina

Establishment:  240 Moorefields Road (signs outside now say Chinese Massage)

Date:  10th December

Hrs:  10am -8pm

Rates:  $30/30min $50/60min +tips

Age:    mid 20's

Size:   about 5ft 5in tall, well built, not fat.  A cup

Nationality:  Chinese

Services:  Massage + extras

VFM:    OK

My Experience:

Was in the vicinity and felt like a massage with extras, so decided to give this place a try.   Went in through the front door.  Outside it now states Chinese relaxing massage and doesn't seem to be any Thai connection.  The mamasan was at the reception desk and there was an old asian guy sitting on the couch to the left of the entrance, but I don't think he is involved in running of the place, probably just part of the family.

The mamasan called a ML, whose name turned out to be Tina, who is probably in mid 20's and we went into the nearest cubicle (there look to be 2 cubicles) which was quite small and the wall do not go to the ceiling.   I settled for 30 mins to see how things went. Paid the money and Tina went out, then returned and asked what kind of massage. I said soft as it was only for 30mins.  She started a few cursory brushes of my back, and my guess is she is not very experienced, but she knew what I was mainly there for and whispered what else I wanted.

We agreed on a nude HJ, for $30, so she stripped to reveal a firm body with tiny breasts, barely an A cup.  I flipped over and she gave junior a few srokes, the (without being invited) climbed on to the table and lay beside me, but then seemed a bit lost as to what to do.  I felt her pussy which was began to get wet, and she motioned that we should be quiet, although at that time the Mamasan was chatting away quite noisily to another punter who appeared to be a regular.  As I said before, Tina didn't seem to be very experienced and this extended to the tug, but eventually I was past the point of no return.  She didn't allow any digital penetration, but was happy enough with outside stroking.  Light kissing only.  Her english was not great, so communication wasn't that easy.  An acceptable experience, and I may go back try any other ML's.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th January 2014, 06:02 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Apple

 Establishment: 240 Moorefields Road (signs outside now say Chinese Massage)

 Date: 11th January (Saturday)

 Hrs: 10am -8pm

 Rates: $30/30min $50/60min +tips

 Age: mid 30's

 Size: about 5ft 5in tall, B cup

 Nationality: Chinese

 Services: Massage + extras

 VFM: very good

 My Experience:

Visited this place after work, early a few Saturdays ago. Had to wait for a bit as both girls were on duty. 

Was allocated Apple, who was a wearing a skirt so high that she didnt need any form of bending over to see the base her ass....very good early sign according to my thinking. She was quite attractive, given the outfit probably extenuated her appeal by a factor of 5, but more than that, she seemed extremely friendly.

I asked for 1 hour, (kind of wished I had a brain explosion and said 3!!) and opted directly for one of those super soft teasing, seducive, instant boner massages and she delivered on fronts. 

My hand was on those bare thighs pretty quickly and eventually it turned into me soft massaging her. My hand disappeared somewhere in that place which is usually covered by a form of silky soft delicate cloth, and what it discovered was a moist area, very moist, one that if under a house may need a plumbers inspection.

I suggested this to her and she was extremely happy for me to attend to the problem.

Luckily I tend to travel with my tools closely at hand.....firstly I used the eel to inspect and then really loosen this problem. I had to flick it around a bit and probe at different speeds and angles. This seemed to work as the moisture that seemed to be stuck was now flowing a bit. So I finished off by laying a pipe in there and it took me a bit of pushing in and out but i got the right angle and the desired effect. Once I felt the pipe was fairly full, I removed it and drained it out.

Like a good tradesmen, I cleaned up my mess and Apple was most most happy that I had fixed her moisture problem. I also said that I would return in the ensuing weeks and make sure that the moisture hadn't returned.

I trust you fellow punters may want to see Apple and verify my work.


