Thread Title: Tina - TCM massage, 39 George St. Rockdale NSW - 0447 466 881
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th June 2016, 06:02 PM
Poster ID: ColKilgore
Post Title: 
 Tina - TCM massage, 39 George St. Rockdale NSW - 0447 466 881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : TCM massage Rockdale, 39 George St.

Date of Visit : June '16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Its my BIRTHDAY .. N.. i just turned 19 hello my name is Tina Call me now i book FAST ..0447 466 881 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : Anywhere from $80 to $290 depending on options you'd like

Age : 22?

Size/shape : 6-8, pert butt 'n breasts, trimmed bush.

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : CBJ/B2B/HJ

Value for money/recommend? : read on..


My experience/comments : 

Well, 'ole Kilgore has been hitting some good scores in recent days and decided to be a bit 'out there' and look for somewhere new. Variety is the spice of life as they say and one soon switches off reading the same old ads that crop up on Backpassage 'n Crack'ed. At my age, this can also be a plus point: it's the nearest i get to memory training and keeping the brain sharp... I can't remember for the life of me what groceries I usually require but I can sure as hell reel off who's promoting pussy 'n ass in surrounding suburbs on that day to the bored ginger-haired robot cashier at Aldi...

With that in mind, the above link stood out and I decided to investigate. Helluva lot of info to read and more options than the drive-thru at KFC but it sounded finger lickin' good and the pics looked pretty hot. Delving deeper resulted in another couple of similar posts from girls titled Minx_cee and Sarah, both written like the first. I buzzed 'Tina' a text and arranged a time. Asking where to go, she got a bit cautious and wrote 'George St. Call me when here.'

Well I liked the sound of that, could be a private apartment hence the steepish prices. My mind whirled as I pulled up on George Street, declining an offer on the ad of 'safe' underground parking; I like to keep the cards stacked in my favour and have a clear getaway without drama's. It's Rockdale...a fairly safe area to park?

Rang, got the house number and found it to be a shop. Kinda tucked away on a back road along a row of other shops. Well, hell let's get amongst it.

Greeted by a female receptionist who, after acknowledging it was I who rang, came out with "$200 please".

A tiny alarm bell rang in the back of my head, but for the life of me I couldn't hear it..my tinnitus was drowning it out. I decided instead to request their b2b and hj offer for $130. If i liked it I'd return for some FS action another time. "$160 please".

This time i heard a chime like Big Ben but why for the life of me I chose to correct this girls mistake by showing her the ad instead of beating a retreat is beyond me. "Oh, ok. $130 please". 

"Can I see Tina first?".
"Mina working tonight, not Tina." 
"Maybe you got your letters mixed up too along with your pricing.."
"Sorry?"
"Not to worry..."

Mina came out in a low-cut top with ample cleavage stretching the fabric and was pretty good on the eye. I'm sure those ad pics are the real ones, the laminate formica drawer pic definitely 'aint fake as thats what the room looks like. Unless they do their photoshoots in Ikea. We headed in and I got undressed.

Mina got her kit off to reveal some nice pert young tits, good shape. Things got rolling straight away as I lay face down and she oiled my back up and rubbed her nipples across my ass cheeks, then rubbed my back a bit, then climbed on, then off, then said 'turn over.' Hardly 5 minutes had passed. Hmmm, I mentioned this to her as I rolled on my side and she brushed it off with an "It's ok.." and started on my front whilst rubbing 'lil Bill on his shaft. Yeah, maybe I'll just reach out an oily hand on these tits while she does tha...

"You want suck..?"
"Err..."
"Suck. With condom."
"Well..if..."
"$20. suck .With condom."

I felt like I was in a room with a stuck CD, but to cut a long repetitive story short, I said yes.

"Pay now. $20. with condom. Suck."

I'd gone limp with all the squawking going on. She struggled to get the rubber over 'lil Bill and as I looked upward with rolled eyes I finally heard it. The sound of the St Mary's Cathedral bells were going off in all their glory, full bore in my head led by an almighty, resonating tenor bell. 

Actually, it wasn't a half bad BJ.. the trouble was it didn't last long before she was motioning to whip away the rubber 'n jack me off. I talked her into another 5 minutes and tried to lay back and relax as she took me in her mouth again but it was evident all this was too much effort for her.

Eventually discarding the 'dom, Mina who was $20 richer, mucked around with mouthwash and a tissue before oiling me up and sitting on the table in front of me to concentrate on my lubed cock, intent on focusing all her energy into making me cum. Which had the opposite effect of course.

I gently lifted her head to make eye contact and we smiled but she went back to work again. It was so mechanical i could hear gears whirring. Her legs were open a bit and after asking if she'd mind, I slid a finger down to her clit. "No inside, no inside." No problem. Rubbing around her clitoral hood, I started getting hard in her hand again. Oh hell, yeah this'll do.. I knew I'd wasted money on the whole experience by now so just getting stimulated enough to help me over the line was going to be the way to go. Her clit was responding nicely and my finger was definitely on the button and popping the hood. 
"No inside" came the squawk again and she pulled away. After reassuring her it wasn't inside we tried again, but before long those familiar words filled the room. We adjusted. She applied more oil on my cock in a frantic attempt that the sensation would bring me off but my mind was wandering and I leaned back to ponder my next move.

It goes without saying the amount of biology classes I've attended over the decades, both oral and practical I might add... have had a distinct span between the words In and Out. A couple of scenario's spring to mind:

Ex GF 'A': "Oh yes, yess.." (rubbing my swollen cock across her clit), " I want that inside me, NOW!"

Ex GF 'G': "Take it out!!! Don't fuckin' come inside me you daft fuck!"

And there you have it. When you've been spending time with a woman mutually and not for financial gain, you realise how relaxed and unrushed sex can and should be. Fast forward to a situation like this with a girl going through the motions to get the end result out of the way, you realise there's only one thing left to do.

I called it. This was heading nowhere and wasting my sweet time and dollar. Deciding to bale on this lazy wench, I got up to speak to the receptionist. A brief panic ensued when Mina quizzed and realised what I was doing and, grabbing a towel to wear, headed past me out the door to get the first word in.

I sighed and grabbed a massage table sheet to wrap around me and walked out into reception. There was also two stick-thin asian male student types hanging around by now and I drew some looks. This was such a pain in the ass. I sighed and explained my predicament of Mina's indifference towards a customer. We'd just clocked up almost 30mins and I gladly accepted the immediate offer of a 50% refund. I was paying for a different kind of relief on this little jaunt... The relief that I was getting the fuck outta there. I got dressed quicker than you could say "you want suck", and headed out past them all as the receptionist decided to blurt out "See you next time!" as if it were the sensible thing to say. I replied with a "No chance" and hit the cold, dark streets to the unbelievable sound of laughter fading behind me. 

I got to my vehicle. Fuck me. Was this night going to get any worse? I'd parked up under a row of trees and some birds had shit all over the roof and windows. It was me who intended to leave white streaks all over some fowl, not the other way round! I ducked into the car not wanting to cop a load on the head. Whoever said that was deemed good luck needs a god-damned poker up their ass! 

I threw the car into gear and headed off with the slightest hope there'd still be enough oil on my cock to finish the job myself when I got home.. now, if only I could remember where that 'favourite porn links' thread was again...?

Over 'n Out.
Kilgore.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th June 2016, 06:18 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Col. Kilgore



Establishment : TCM massage Rockdale, 36 George St.

 I buzzed 'Tina' a text and arranged a time. Asking where to go, she got a bit cautious and wrote 'George St. Call me when here.'

Well I liked the sound of that, could be a private apartment hence the steepish prices. My mind whirled as I pulled up on George Street, declining an offer on the ad of 'safe' underground parking; I like to keep the cards stacked in my favour and have a clear getaway without drama's. It's Rockdale...a fairly safe area to park?

Rang, got the house number and found it to be a shop. Kinda tucked away on a back road along a row of other shops. Well, hell let's get amongst it
"""



Google maps of 36 george st shows that it is a senior citizens centre with no shops next to it. 

Whats the address?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th June 2016, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: ColKilgore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nuts.
It's 39.. a row of shops. will get admin to change. 

"If 6 was 9"


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th June 2016, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
May as well have been at No 36 Col...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th June 2016, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Col that is one funny and entertaining review. 

I look forward to reading some of your other exploits.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th June 2016, 09:35 PM
Poster ID: ColKilgore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by tryhardaussie


Col that is one funny and entertaining review. 

I look forward to reading some of your other exploits
"""



Much appreciated there son,

Hoping those next exploits bear more fruit.

Kilgore.


