Thread Title: W E Massage Bexley North
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th July 2016, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: 
 W E Massage Bexley North
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : W E Massage Bexley North

Date of Visit :  24/07/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Behind Bexley North Hotel, next to TAB. Didn't get phone no.

Hours of Business : 10am - ?

Rates : $35 half, $55 hour

Age :  around 50

Size/shape :  Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided :  Massage + RNT

Value for money/recommend? :  Not bad

My experience/comments : 

I spotted this place yesterday while stopped at the lights at the corner of Bexley Rd and Slade Rd. Large new green sign at the edge of the car park stood out. I went back today to TOFTT. This shop is located under a modernish apartment complex in a small arcade next to the TAB. Fairly discreet entrance and plenty of parking out front. Small problem is a bit of a walk of shame next to the TAB - punters in theory can see the punters going in (pun intended).

Determined to try it I walked in and was greeted by a friendly pleasant looking mature masseuse Cherry who showed me to the room. Fit out looks new, so I guess the shop has recently been opened. I opt for the 30 minute option as this is my first time. Cherry says she is from Guangzhou and seems to know what she is doing massage wise- I will try the hour next time. I drop a few hints during the massage and touch her leg which is met by a giggle so more is on the cards.

On turn over she asks what I have in mind and I suggest HE. Nude is offered at $50 but I am not that keen- when $30 is suggested for clothed HE I explain this is a bit high and $20 is agreed (she may be new to this in Sydney I think but not new to massage overall). The tug is competently done with nice eye contact and verbal encouragement. Overall I liked Cherry's attitude so I will go back next chance I get. Cherry works weekends.

Forgot to mention about the fit out. Room I was in was small but most importantly was clean and had walls that go to the ceiling and lock up doors. Place has potential but not sure about whether there will be younger ladies on at this stage. Unfortunately the sign out the front of the arcade did not have a phone number so didn't get it this time round. Cheers.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2016, 07:33 PM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : WE Massage

Date of Visit : not sure of exact date: was a weekday, in mid-December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 


Rates : $50 for 45mins, plus extras

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : 165 cms?, slimmish

Nationality or Ethnicity : prc

Services Provided :next to no massage, some TT, plenty of teabagging, CBJ, CFS 

Value for money/recommend? : yep

My experience/comments : I have a been a regular at 64 Carlton, recently deceased, and have over the years had many, many worthwhile experiences.  On its demise, I have started to look for a new "default" place.  Trying here, I was surprised and very pleased to see Monica.  She was the mamasan working weekdays at 64 Carlton. From time to time, when she was agreeable, I had the very great pleasure of her skills. 

So walking into WE Massage it was like long lost friends meeting up.   She told me that she was the only lady working and that the day had been quiet (it was about 4.30pm), so I told her that I wanted 45 minutes of the usual, and handed over $100 ($50m for 45 minutes, and $50 for extras:as a long term regular of hers, I get discounted prices and upgraded services, YMMV). 

As I stripped down,  I noted  that the rooms are large, clean, air-conditioned, and freshly fitted out; while Monica went to close the front door.

Coming back into the room, Monica smiles as I watch her strip off.  I lie face down and she runs her hand down my back and straight to the tackle.  Years of experience in the art of massage, and many escapades with me, means that she knows exactly how to get me going. Plenty of hand work on the shaft, balls and perineum had me hardening up fast. I tell her that I want her to suck my balls and I turn over.  She crouches between my legs and slowly and gently sucks each ball, and between them, while jacking me at the same time.    I could easily come, but I am pacing myself to fully enjoy the pleasure.  She puts the condom on and gives me some CBJ, before returning to the tea-bagging.  This goes on for about twenty minutes.

I then ask her to get on top.  She squats over me  lowering herself onto my cock and we both watch me entering her.  Monica lowers and raises herself, and again I have to control the urge to come.  She is clearly enjoying the pleasure she is giving me, and  I tell her that I want to see her come first.  She starts grinding her clit into my pubic bone: she has her eyes closed and after maybe ten minutes her pace quickens and I can feel her pussy tighten on me as she comes. I then lie  her on her back, as I stand  beside the table with her legs over my shoulders; and with a few  more thrusts, I come too.

One of the best.


